{"city": "indore", "code": "12944908", "title": "Man hangs himself after tiff with wife", "text": "INDORE: A 32-year-old man reportedly hanged himself at his residence in Banganga in the city around one hour past Sunday midnight.Police said that the deceased has been identified as Chetan, son of Sukhdev Soni and a resident of Bhagirathpura. Family members found him hanging from the ceiling on a saree in his room at around 2.30 am.According to police, Chetan reportedly had a fight with his wife at around midnight on Sunday. In a fit of rage, Chetan allegedly burnt all the important documents of property and bank accounts. After it, he locked his room to sleep. Subsequently, when his wife went to see him at around 2.30 am and peeped into the room, she found him hanging on a saree from the room's ceiling.Police said that Chetan's parents were living in Ujjain and he had been residing in Indore for the last few years with his family. Chetan is survived by two children and wife.Police have sent the body to district hospital for post-mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "12944666", "title": "Former President APJ Abdul Kalam encourages Bokaro Steel staff", "text": "BOKARO: Everyone associated with the Bokaro Steel (BSL) should be proud to be a steel maker, said former President APJ Abdul Kalam while addressing the employees here on Monday. He asked them to make best use of their potentials by being competitive, creative and nurturing a good leadership quality.Kalam's speech to hundreds of engineers, officials of BSL at HRD Centre here on Monday was highly motivational.During an hour-long interactive session Kalam talked at length about how the steel makers were playing an important role in building the nation asked the engineers to give their hundred per cent at their service and serve the nation.Kalam was in the city for the second time after September, 2001. He said the BSL capacity was increasing by the day and it was a shining example of a good industry in India.Dignitaries including DC, Sunil Kumar, SP, Kuldeep Dwivedi and chief executive officer, BSL, Anutosh Maitra gave a warm welcome to Kalam at the Bokaro Niwas. Students too greeted him there.Kalam talked at length about his vision 2020 related to the development of the nation with increasing productivity in every sector. He said the turnover per employee at the BSL had to be increased to international standards.He said \"We will have to be more competitive to meet internationals standards.\"He said that a leader should have a vision to plan and think about future. Leaders have a passion to transfer his vision into action. Apart from sharing his experiences and vision, he also interacted with the officials answering their doubts.Giving his view on corruption, Kalam said there are 200 million houses of which he believe 60 million houses is corrupted. He will motivate the children to play an important role in stopping corruption. When asked abouthis opinion related to his participation in presidential election he said, \"wait and watch\". Kalam on Tuesday will interact with 8000 students at Chinmaya Vidyalaya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12945060", "title": "R Parasuram to take over as new chief secretary today", "text": "BHOPAL: IAS officer of the 1978 batch R Parasuram will take charge as chief secretary of Madhya Pradesh from Tuesday.He succeeds Avani Vaish, an IAS officer of the 1975 batch three years senior to him, who retired on Monday.Parasuram was previously appointed as OSD in the office of the chief secretary. He becomes the 28th chief secretary of the state. The state cabinet on Monday accorded an emotional farewell to Avani Vaish.Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan said the tenure served by Avani Vaish was \"of remarkable achievements''.Chouhan said that Vaish carried out his administrative responsibilities with dedication, transparency, deftness, hard work and authenticity.During the past two-and-a-half years, he played an active role in chalking out and implementing strategies and played a vital role in important decisions taken by the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12943081", "title": "Agni-V to be test-fired from a canister", "text": "HYDERABAD: Imagine an Agni-V that can be fired from your neighbourhood! The armed forces will soon have an inter-continental ballistic missile ( ICMB) that can be fired from anywhere. No, it is not necessary to do it from the Wheeler Island off the Orissa coast. The long-range 5,000-km missile with a nuclear warhead can be fired from any open place and the enemy will not even be able to guess from where the deadly weapon will be fired.The Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO), which is savouring the successful test-firing of the Agni-V, is now preparing for another test launch of the missile. This test will not be from Wheeler Island where the Integrated Test Range ( ITR) is located.\"The missile will be put in a canister and launched. After the lid of the canister is opened, the missile takes off as a result of the high pressure generation of gas inside it,\" Avinash Chander, distinguished scientist and chief controller, R&D; (missiles and strategic systems), DRDO, told TOI.As a result of the hot gas ejecting the missile out of the canister, the missile ignites in mid-air and glides away. This launch of the missile will be quite different from what one had seen at Wheeler Island where the missile left a huge trail of flame while lifting off the ground.When the missile takes off from the canister, the flames will be seen only about 30 metres from above the ground in the Agni-V that will be tested fired sometime towards the end of the year. \"We are getting ready with two different types of canisters in which the missile can be placed and test fired. The armed forces will be able to fire the missile from anywhere,\" Avinash Chander said. A canister is a metal enclosure for the missile. The missile will fit comfortably in the canister and will have a facility for an opening on the top. The armed forces have been closely associated with the development of the Agni missiles and have already inducted Agni-1, Agni-II and Agni-III into the army. The induction of Agni-1V and Agni-V is also planned.Only after two or three test-firing trials of the Agni-V are conducted from canisters will the long range inter-continental ballistic missile be inducted into the armed forces. It will be possible to move the ICBM anywhere by road at a short notice and fire it in any direction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12943412", "title": "Shaikpet nala encroachment: Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation panel to submit report", "text": "HYDERABAD: Mayor Majid Hussain on Monday asked GHMC standing committee members who had visited the Shaikpet nala recently to submit a report on the encroachments on the nala.The GHMC standing committee will act on allegations of encroachments after perusing the detailed report, the mayor said. Members of the committee, led by deputy mayor Raj Kumar , had visited the nala twice recently.Speaking at the standing committee meeting on Monday, the mayor said GHMC commissioner M T Krishna Babu had given a report stating that there was no specified nala for flow of surplus flood water of the Errakunta tank.According to the report, Aditya Housing and Infrastructure Development Corporation had got the pipeline shifted, which was arranged for the flow of surplus water, to the boundary of their site situated on the western side of the 100-feet road by the Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board as per the direction of the municipal administration and urban development (MA&UD;) department at the time of change of land use and constructed a small drain as suggested by irrigation department officials.Krishna Babu said the arrangement was made by the builder for flow of sewerage and storm water as per suggestions by the state government.\"Both the commissioner and standing committee members' report will be looked into and necessary action will be taken,\" the mayor said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12944257", "title": "Cyber security mechanism in the works", "text": "NEW DELHI: In the backdrop of growing cyber crimes, including attacks on various official websites, the government has proposed to create a national structure for cyber security and establish a National Threat Intelligence Centre to deal with the problem.\"Discussions have been held and we are at an advanced stage of creating a national structure for cyber security. We are also thinking of setting up a National Threat Intelligence Centre,\" home minister P Chidambaram said on Monday.\"No one is immune to cyber crime and attacks,\" he said, recalling that there had been cyber attacks on the Prime Minister's Office (PMO), CBI and other government infrastructure.Launching a report on cyber security prepared by software industry body Nasscom, the home minister said there was a need to build capacity in various law enforcement agencies in cyber crime investigations and cyber forensics.Stating that the dimensions of security problem increased manifold in the online space with offences such as identity theft, hacking, financial fraud, child pornography and corporate espionage, Chidambaram said, \"We have to build lawful interception capabilities....We have taken numerous steps to protect the physical infrastructure\".\"Cyber space is a national asset...the way forward is obviously to work together. While the government and government agencies will remain principal players, the undeniable fact is that there are millions of private players and the challenge to cyber security can not be met unless they work together,\" a news agency quoted the home minister as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12944912", "title": "Employees' body urges Akhilesh Yadav to implement Supreme Court order", "text": "LUCKNOW: Sarvajan Hitay Sanrakshan Samiti, UP warned that it would vehemently oppose any move to change the Supreme Court's decision overturning reservation for SC/ST and OBCs in promotions. President of the samiti Shailendra Dubey while taking a strong stand against the BSP supremo Mayawati's demand in the Rajya Sabha urging the Centre to bring a Constitutional amendment bill during the current session of Parliament to provide for reservation to SC and ST government employees in promotions, said that the apex court's verdict should not be changed at any cost.Dubey in a statement has requested chief minister Akhilesh Yadav to implement the apex court's judgment and start the process of promotions in all government departments and corporations without further delay. \"Given the illegal order of the previous BSP government, a large number of employees were deprived of their due promotions. Now, after the apex court's verdict, it would not be proper to test the patience of employees by delaying the implementation of the ruling,\" he said.They warned that the samiti would launch an agitation if any attempt is made to disturb the basic structure of the Constitution. Meanwhile, Arakshan Bachao Sangharsh Samiti at its meeting held here on Monday hailed the stand of BSP chief Mayawati raising the issue of reservation in promotions for SC/ST and OBCs in the Rajya Sabha. The samiti leaders warned that they would not tolerate any infringement of their rights given to them under the Constitution. They said that they would launch an agitation if reservation in promotions was denied to SC/ST and OBCs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12943477", "title": "Cheating case against Hyderabad builder", "text": "HYDERABAD: Police on Monday registered a cheating case against a property developer, M Rajasekhar Reddy, for fraudulently selling a portion of land given to him for development at Hasmathpet.In 2008, representatives of Praga Tools Housing Cooperative Society in Hasmathpet gave their 12-acre land for development to Rajasekhar Reddy of Mahendra Hills. In 2009, Reddy sold 1,400 square yards of the society land in a fraudulent manner and did not take up any development work, Alwal inspector B Pushpan Kumar said.The society members came to know about the fraud later and approached the local court in Medchal. Recently, the court gave directions to the Alwal police to book a case against Reddy and carry out investigation. Based on the court's directions, the Alwal police on Monday booked a case against Rajasekhar Reddy under section 420 (Cheating) of the Indian Penal Code ( IPC). \"We just began the probe and no arrests have been made yet,\" the inspector said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12945177", "title": "Medical entrance candidates to be fingerprinted now", "text": "CHENNAI: Mobile phone jammers and fingerprint scanners will greet aspiring medicos who appear for the All India Pre-Medical/ Pre-Dental Test ( AIPMT) at exam centres across the country on May 13. Candidates taking the exam will also be videographed.The Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE), which conducts the test, has pulled all stops to check malpractice. The board has planned to take two sets of fingerprints and photographs of examinees, which will be matched with the candidates at the time of counselling or joining the college. As many as 30,788 candidates will take the test this time.One mobile jammer is expected to be used for a room seating 24 students. Cellphone jammers are expected to block cellphone / bluetooth service, including CDMA , GSM, 3G, 4G, spy camera and Wi-Fi. Considering the power cuts, the board is planning to use jammers that work on battery.\"Parents, guardians are advised to ensure their wards don't indulge in unfair activities or malpractices which breach examination rules. If any candidate is found to have indulged in any such activity, he or she shall be debarred from taking this examination permanently in future and shall also be liable for criminal action,\" the CBSE has said.The banned items include cellphones, pagers, electronic gadgets, slide rules, calculators, log tables, geometry box and digital watches with calculators. Text material, printed or written, papers bits and envelopes are also prohibited. So is tea, coffee or snacks.Smuggling out question paper or parts of answer sheet, threatening officials connected with the exam conduct or threatening candidates could get the candidate branded as indulging in \"unfair means.\"Educational consultant K R Maalathi said it's only to be expected, given the wide range of malpractices adopted by some students. \"There's tough competition and this initiative should be looked as something that is necessary to protect meritorious students,\" she said. \"Some timid students might feel uncomfortable, but they should accept it as a routine procedure that protects their welfare,\" she said.The board has identified 48 centres, including one in Chennai, where the security measures will be in place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12943872", "title": "Mind-reader from Israel evokes shock and awe", "text": "MUMBAI: It was an act that saw hard-nosed journalists as well as the children of the Don Bosco Shelter collapse in helpless laughter and amazement. It even brought a smile on the faces of the stiff, unflappable Israeli security personnel who were in attendance.Israeli mind-reader Lior Suchard, described as the Next Uri Geller, has shocked Hollywood celebs, TV show host Jay Leno , as well as common audiences by his ability to decipher their thoughts. His talent at telepathy and telekinesis has taken him around the world. Now the \"supernatural entertainer\" is visiting India for the first time as part of Israel's Independence Day celebrations.At Monday's demonstration, Lior asked a male journalist if he could remember the name of his first girlfriend and made him write it on a small chit of paper, then tore it into shreds without reading it. \"Is there any way I would know?\" he asked rhetorically. Slowly, the mind-reader wrote out six letters in his big book, leaving the journalist shocked beyond belief. It was correct! Another mediaperson was asked to write her initials on a coin. Making her close her fist, Lior asked her to shut her eyes and passed his hands over hers. When she opened her fist, the coin was bent in the middle, initials intact. Lior made her neighbour put a Rs 500 note in an envelope and sit on it. Minutes before she did so, he had predicted the serial number and written it in his notebook. Insisting it was the mind's power, not magic, Lior told the kids that they could do anything they put their minds to.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12944613", "title": "National Institute of Technology Karnataka\u2019s Formula car to race in Hungary", "text": "MANGALORE: Conceiving, designing and building a Formula race car and then competing in a race has been an exciting experience for students of National Institute of Technology Karnataka (NITK), Surathkal, who have unleashed a new NRXII (NITK Racing 12) car.Team NITK is geared up to take on opponents at the race organised by the Formula Society of Automotive Engineers (FSAE) in Hungary this August. The weight of the car, designed to endure the Indian terrain, will be less than 250kg once sensors and new carbon fiber body shell are installed. Reducing the weight gives get better acceleration and increased fuel efficiency.NITK Racing captain Sachin Kamath said they're all set for the race. \"In FSAE events, student members conceive, design, fabricate and compete with other similar Formula-style cars. NITK Racing has been participating in FSAE competitions since 2011 in Michigan. We were the only representatives from India,\" he explained.The car, which was assembled in about 10 months, runs on an imported Honda CBR 600 CC engine. It's got a top speed of a little over 100kmph as per competition rules. The car body is made of fiber-reinforced plastic, soon to be replaced by carbon fiber and chassis is of defence grade material, he added.NITK Racing marketing head MH Siddharth said the team, including 25 students from second, third and final-year batches of BTech, will take part in the event and Vinay Damodaran will be the driver.While design cost around Rs 16 lakh, the total budget, including cost of transportation and other expenses, would be Rs 30 lakh, Siddharth said.NITK director Sandeep Sancheti and faculty advisers Y Suresh Kumar, Gangadharan and GN Kumar have been supporting the team in this endeavour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12942895", "title": "Will RTE Act fall flat for half of Andhra Pradesh children?", "text": "HYDERABAD: The implementation of Right to Education Act may have got a shot in the arm with the recent Supreme Court ruling upholding the 25% reservation in unaided private schools for children from lower income group families but in Andhra Pradesh (and possibly other states in the country), the Act might soon figure among the many well-intentioned government schemes that do not impact, leave alone benefit, its target group. At best, the Act might give a humble building watchman's child admission in a private school, but its impact could just be limited to that -- the urban poor -- that too with a modest success rate.And here's why. As per government records, there are 1.07 crore children in the 6-14 age category in Andhra Pradesh. As per the government's own estimate, over 67% of the state's 8.7 crore population lives in rural areas and the remaining 33% in urban. So, of the 1.07 crore children, at least over 60 lakh live in rural parts, where government schools are famously poorly equipped and there are no private schools. Despite the introduction of the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyaan, it has been indicated in many studies and surveys conducted by non-government bodies that precious little has changed in the condition of schools.While a freshly published, voluminous tome on the implementation of RTE sits on the desk of the school education department and focuses largely on schools in rural areas, including steps to beef up infrastructure, adding transportation facilities etc, the worrisome part is that the entire planning is based on what activists point out are questionable figures. As per government statistics, just about 3 lakh children in AP are out of school. The NGO statistics are at the other end of the spectrum pegging this figure at a disturbing 18 lakh. The truth possibly lies somewhere in between. As per the state's Human Development Report 2007, about 12 lakh children in the 6-14 age group in AP were out of school, which shows the government estimate of 3 lakh out of school children rather too miraculous.And over-reporting of enrolled schoolchildren is the first roadblock that RTE's implementation will face. \"All the implementation exercises are for the 3 lakh children,\" says M Venkat Reddy, national convener, MV Foundation.Clearly, children numbering between 9 and 15 lakh are not on the government radar, leave alone that of RTE. Funds from the Centre for initiatives to enrol out of school children are calculated based on the 3 lakh figure. Add to that the number of children in government schools in rural areas, where it's not only the infrastructure but also the quality of education that is poor. If RTE makes them legally entitled to better quality education not only in government but in the best quality private schools, they have no access to either. Take for instance the schools in Kowdipally mandal in Hyderabad's neighbouring Medak district. The mandal has about 100 schools but caste-wise enrolment figures here indicate poor OC (other castes) numbers and high SC/ST numbers. \"There are private schools about 20 kms from here and those who can afford it, send their children there,\" says M Subhash Chandra , Centre for Action Research and People's Development.But P M Bhargawa, former vice-chairman of the Knowledge Commission and staunch critic of RTE says one needn't go even that far. \"In the heart of Hyderabad are government schools where students from Class I to X have just two teachers,\" he says. \"All government schools should be high quality but that will never be done. Where is the impetus to do that,\" Bhargawa says, adding that what the Act envisages works for cities.The Act's limited scope is a big dampener particularly for the state's SC/ST population. B Dhenuka Naik, who has been working on tribal rights issues, wonders how the act would help the state's 13 lakh ST population in the 6-14 age group and believes not even 1% would benefit. Officials overseeing education in the state's tribal parts note that there are many habitations that are 4-5 km away from schools. \"Transportation is not possible in all the cases because the regions are hilly and there are no roads,\" says Ashish Chandra, state coordinator for tribal education and Kasturba Gandhi Balika Vidyalaya.Officials, however, maintain that all efforts are being made to implement RTE effectively. \"We want to implement the Act in right earnest. Basic amenities remain a source of concern and we are trying to address it. We will require involvement of all stakeholders,\" says V Madhusudan, state coordinator for RTE implementation. The funds too, he says, are in place as the Rs 4,800 crore allocated for SSA will be used for RTE implementation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12946153", "title": "Pollution: City maintains its dubious distinction", "text": "KANPUR: The city is maintaining its dubious distinction of being the highly populated city of the state as the level of respirable suspended particulate matter (RSPM) is double of the permissible limits in residential areas. According to the data provided by the pollution control department, the RSPM level has become above 200 micro grams per cubic metre, which is double of the permissible limit.Pollution control board official Radheshyam said that RSPM level in the city had crossed the permissible limit. Against the bearable upper limit of 100 micro gram per cubic metrr, all the five centres of pollution checking in the city showed more than the double value of RSPM.\"We have fire centres in the city to record pollution level. The recorded level in Kidwai Nagar is 203.15 micro gram per cubic metre. In Dharshanpurwa, it is 213.39 micro gram per cubic metre. The centre at Panki recorded it as 214.81 micro gram per cubic metre,\" Radheshyam added. The other two centres at Shashtri Nagar and Awas Vikas, Kalyanpur recorded the recent RSPM level as 218.96 and 215.83 micro gram per cubic metre respectively.The officials of pollution control department said that even the level of sulphur dioxide, nitrogen oxide, carbon mono-oxide and ozone are being continuously monitored by the pollution control board. \"We have our automatic air quality monitoring unit (AAQM Unit) at Bhramnagar which gives the data of dust and gaseous pollution in the city. However, sulphur dioxide, carbon mono-oxide and nitrogen oxide are present within the tolerable limits. Ozone is also above the permissible limit in the city,\" he added.As per the data provided by the AAQM unit, the limit of carbon mono-oxide in march was 1.49 milligram per cubic metre. Its permissible limit is 2 milligram per cubic metre.The value of sulphur dioxide is 29.02 micrograms per cubic metre and the permissible limit is 80 micrograms per cubic metre.\"The carbon mono-oxide in the air in the month of March was 61.9 micrograms per cubic metre. Its permissible limit is 80 micrograms per cubic metre. The ozone rays were 80.9 micrograms per cubic meter which is above the permissible limits of 80 micrograms per cubic meter,\" AAQM unit in charge Rajesh Gupta said.According to weather experts, increase in dust particles in the air is common during summers due to reduction of humidity. The current humidity level, which is less than 50 per cent, has lead to the drying of the soil surface that has resulted in increased SPM and RSPM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12943924", "title": "Post Kohchade scam demons may haunt Nagpur University students again", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as Nagpur University is slowly coming to terms with the BCCA paper leak case, its past demons may come back to haunt it. The officials and even academicians associated with the university stressed on learning the lessons from series of leaks and revamping the entire examination system, like in post Kohchade scam. In the aftermath of the scam, which rocked the university in 1999, the NU students were looked with suspicion wherever they apply for pursuing post graduation or for jobs. The students were not entertained for a job while those applying for postgraduate studies, their mark-sheets were sent to NU for verification.Former vice chancellor Arun Satputaley then appointed Arvind Barahate as an officer on special duty (OSD) to improve the situation and revamp the entire examination system. Barahate worked extremely hard for five years on the exam system to make it full-proof. His efforts soon bore fruits with university almost managing to plug most of the loopholes. However, after a series of leaks first exposed by TOI, Barahate himself felt that now the exam system needed another revamp with the advent of technology. \"Exam section is the most sensitive department of any university and even a single error can affect lakhs of students and bring disrepute like in the present case. I strongly believe that this system needs continuous revamping,\" he told TOI.He added that evaluation system needed to be streamlined to prevent such leaks along with paper distribution. \"All the vacancies should be filled up at the earnest and strict monitoring is also required.\"Barahate, who is now retired, however stated that instead of judicial enquiry the NU administration should constitute a panel of experts who are in know-how of the exam system which is a bit complicated. He warned that if quick steps were not taken, the students may face similar fate like post Kohchade scam.Sources in the university also pointed out that in 2009 when SN Pathan was the vice chancellor, Bihar government had blacklisted NU degrees for similar reasons. In fact, Bhartiya Janta Yuwa Morcha activists staged demonstrations in front of the university even tried to burn Pathan's effigy for administration's failure to protest against Bihar government's decision. Only after these protests, NU administration woke from slumber and decided to send its emissary Nirmal Singh (Former Management Council member) to Bihar to resolve the issue.Re-exam only after police probe: CoEController of examinations (CoE) finally answered the queries raised by TOI on Friday. The answers received from NU's PRO department informed that no decision was made regarding re-examination of leaked final year BCCA paper. Kane stated that it was only after police probe confirms leak, any decision regarding re-exam could be taken. He justified vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal's decision to lodge a police complaint, stating that it will help in verifying whether those e-mails received by registrar Mahesh Yenkie along with Commerce dean Bharat Meghe and Management Council member Mahindra Nimbarte were genuine. He also informed that decision to file FIR was taken unanimously during Board of Examinations (BoE) meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "canberra", "code": "12945636", "title": "Australian billionaire building \u2018unsinkable\u2019 Titanic II", "text": "CANBERRA: An Australian billionaire said on Monday he'll build a high-tech replica of the Titanic at a Chinese shipyard and its maiden voyage in late 2016 will be from England to New York, just like its namesake planned.Weeks after the 100th anniversary of the sinking of the original Titanic, Clive Palmer announced on Monday he has signed a memorandum of understanding with state-owned Chinese company CSC Jinling Shipyard to build the Titanic II.\"It is going to be designed so it won't sink,\" the mining and tourism tycoon said. \"It will be designed as a modern ship with all the technology to ensure that doesn't happen.\"\"It will be every bit as luxurious as the original Titanic, but ... will have state-of-theart 21st-century technology and the latest navigation and safety systems,\" Palmer said in a statement. The new Titanic will have the same dimension as its old version with 840 rooms and nine decks.He called the project \"a tribute to the spirit of the men and women who worked on the original Titanic\".More than 1,500 people died after the Titanic hit an iceberg in the North Atlantic on its first voyage. It was the world's largest and most luxurious ocean liner at the time. Palmer built a fortune on real estate on Australia's Gold Coast tourist strip before becoming a coal mining magnate. BRW magazine reported he was Australia's fifth-richest person last year with over $5.2 billion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12944527", "title": "3 nabbed while trying to sell gun", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Ghatlodia police officials arrested three youths with a country-made pistol from Jantanagar crossing on Sunday night. The cops have sent the gun to forensic experts to know whether the gun was used in any crime.According to police, a team led by sub-inspector RS Gadhavi got a tip-off that three youths were trying to find buyers for the gun near Jantanagar. The police team kept a watch at Simandhar Apartment at 9:45 pm on Sunday when three youths came there. Their body search revealed a gun and a cartridge.The trio was identified as Jaydev Machi, 19; Dinesh Jha, 23, both residents of Cheharnagar, Sola; and Raju Thakur, 21, a resident of Chanakyapuri. The pistol had 'Made in USA' written on its handle. Investigators said that while Machi and Jha work at Mahatma Mandir construction site in Gandhinagar as catering service employees, Thakur works as a welder in Ghatlodia.\"During their questioning, we got to know that Thakur, a native of Gwalior, had got the gun from a dealer to sell it in the city. He said that he had bought the gun for Rs 75,000,\" said Ghatlodia police inspector K C Rathod.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12944865", "title": "Rahul Gandhi faces tough questions in Amethi", "text": "LUCKNOW: Party workers awaiting arrival of Rahul Gandhi in Tiloi on Monday looked nervous and diffident at the same time. The Young MP who had spearheaded a high voltage campaign in UP, was to arrive in his constituency Amethi for the first time after UP election. They seemed determined to raise issues the leader needs to address urgently. \"He must face the ground reality and react to it fast,\" said Ansar Ahmad, all ready to spill the beans.Going by the account of what transpired in the string of meetings held in Salon and Tiloi on the first day of Rahul's tour, each got his chance. The meetings did not turn out to be the routine wishy-washy affair where everyone mutely listened in.\"Belligerent and aggressive workers bared their hearts and questioned everything, right from the total apathy and indifference of the former MLAs to the influence of the select band of people who materialise and surround the MP during his trips here only to hibernate soon after,\" Ansar later told TOI.Some like Rashidul Khan, the pradhan of Jiyapur, proved to be more vocal than the rest. Khan slammed the coterie around Gandhi who constantly misled him by misrepresenting truth. He even called them stooges of the rival Samajwadi Party and the Bahujan Samaj Party paid to waken the Congress. A grim-faced Rahul heard in complete silence as others joined in to narrate how the local MLAs never bothered to venture out of their houses, did no public good with their Vidahyak Nidhi (MLA grants) and feathered their own nests instead.\"Till the time the MLAs remain inaccessible, like how they were in Amethi and Rae Bareli, there is little hope for improvement,\" said Shaym Bahadur Singh, another worker from Tiloi. In the meeting, Singh complained about how the local MLA remained totally untouched by the public plight. One look at the roads in the constituency, he told Rahul, would reveal how little concern they had for pitiable civic amenities in the VVIP constituency.\"We told him that some of the local bigwigs fed you all wrong information over phone,\" claimed Vimal Thripathi. \"You were told Amethi ki janta doodh bhaat kha rahi hai (residents of Amethi feast on rice pudding) which was a completely wrong picture. Life is getting too touch for the common man here. What the public wants here is not a rail coach factory or NIFT to solve their problems, instead they need basic things like sadak bijli paani,\" he told Rahul. The MP, Tripathi said, looked extremely grim as he responded to the demand for a total organisational overhaul in the twin constituencies. \"We told him that leaders who have bagged petrol pumps and gas agencies need to be weeded out and replaced by genuine workers of the party. And, Rahul promised he had decided to do just that,\" Tripathi said.The workers emphasised the need for a face-to-face interaction with Rahul, recalled Virednra Singh. \"The intermediaries do not let us reach you which has led to a total leader public disconnect in Amethi. Rahul assured that the grassroots worker will get more prominence and respect in the party,\" Singh said.We have never seen him looking so concerned. He is actually shocked and dismayed by what happened and even said that he genuinely wished to identify the factors which contributed to the party's rout. It is a very serious matter for losing seats in Amethi and Rae Bareli has sent a wrong message all across the country. Rahul, Ahmad said, told the workers. The MP has also promised to set the party back on rails within three months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12945728", "title": "Bangaloreans await their Budget", "text": "BANGALORE: Would you start spending before you know your income? Would you overshoot your budget? Can you imagine doing these for several years in a row? The Bruhat Bangalore Mahanagara Palike (BBMP) has accomplished these with a chilling consistency. Last year, BBMP presented a Rs 9,200 crore budget (Budget for 2011-12 ) while the estimated receipts were Rs 3,500 crore for the previous year. The budget was presented after a delay of five months. The year before that, BBMP presented a budget for Rs 8,500 crore (Budget for 2010-11 ) when its previous year estimated receipts were again Rs 3,500 crore.This budget was presented after a delay of six months. This year (2012-2013 ), BBMP budet has been already delayed by over 50 days (first week of March) and Bangaloreans are still waiting. (The budgets for 2011-12 and 2010-11 were subsequently revised upwards by the council to Rs 9,360 crore and Rs 8,848 crore respectively though these have not yet been updated on the BBMP website).Both the budget estimates and the date when it would be presented have become an annual April Fool's prank on the Bangalorean , with every fiscal year being heralded on April 1 without a city budget.The city budget is the clue that can lead us to a better quality of life. Better roads, footpaths , litter-free neighbourhoods, clean lakes and parks etc which constitute quality of life primarily depend on allocations in city budgets and not in Union or state budgets.Equally, the agency that is responsible for a better quality of life in cities is the local self-government , i.e. the municipal corporation and not the Union or state governments.Granted that Manjunatha and Bhagyamma , the quintessential Bangalore couple, care more about potholes on roads, streetlights and drinking water rather than esoterics of public finance.However, to find solutions to the issues they care about, it is crucial that they exact accountability of their elected representatives in the city council, namely corporators of their ward. Fund allocations for these daily humdrum cribs come through the city budget and therefore the need for Manjunatha and Bhagyamma to engage with their corporators and with their city's budgets.The writer is manager, Public record of operations and finance ( PROOF ), the public disclosure and accountability initiative of JanaagrahaViewed against this backdrop, BBMP's leadership, especially on the budget front, has been regressive. Consider the following misses on fundamentals in recent years: Budgets delayed by over five months in two consecutive years and over 50 days in the current year. Neither preventive checks exist nor any penal provisions apply for delays Budget estimates missed by 35 % over the last 5 years (2006-07 to 2010-11 ), 60% being the overestimation in 2010-11 Spill-over works (capital) in 2009-10 and 2010-11 constituted 24% and 22% of the total capital budget estimates of respective years, indicating the extent of delays in completion of infrastructure works, either due to execution delays or lack of funds (leaving aside quality issues) Audit reports and annual accounts not disclosed by BBMP.In comparison, the Municipal Corporation of Greater Mumbai has disclosed four years' annual accounts on its website, updated until March 31, 2010; no internal audit done from 1964.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12945428", "title": "Did Einstein starve his wife of sex?", "text": "LONDON: Professor Albert Einstein , who laid down major fundamentals in physics, may have starved his wife of sex by demanding her to obey a cruel list of rules, a new book has claimed.According to the book, titled 'Einstein: His Life and Universe' , the scientist barred his wife Mileva Maric from sitting with him or going out together - and even ordered - \"Stop talking to me if I request it.\"And, Einstein made clear that sex was a no-no: \"You will not expect intimacy from me,\" 'The Sun' reported. The cruel list of rules insisted his wife tidied his study, did his laundry regularly and gave him \"three meals regularly\".They were his conditions for them staying together for the sake of sons as their 11-year marriage foundered in 1914. But, within months his wife Serbian missus, fled Berlin , Germany , with the kids for Zurich. They divorced in 1919.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "12943601", "title": "\u2018Peeping Tom\u2019 killed by roommates in Thane", "text": "THANE: The Kalwa police arrested three youths for allegedly killing their roommate after a woman from the neighbourhood claimed that he used to secretly watch her while bathing.Those arrested were identified as Mohammed Shaikh (22), Manoj Sharma (24) and Amit Pandey (20).The woman, while bathing, said she noticed Ramsingh Verma (28) looking at her from a hole in the bathroom, at Bhaskar Nagar at 8 am on Saturday.The woman went to Verma's house and informed Manoj and Amit about the incident. On hearing about Verma's alleged act, Amit, Manoj and Shaikh called Ramsingh over and reportedly beat him up with bamboos and sticks.Verma sustained internal injuries and fell unconscious in the attack.\"When Verma gained consciousness, his friends took him to Kalwa's Chhatrapati Shivaji Hospital, where he died during admission,\" said Arun Sonde, senior inspector from Kalwa police station.The three fled from the hospital but were later nabbed by police. The accused were booked under Sections 302 and 34 of the Indian Penal Code and a Thane court remanded them to police custody till May 4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "janta nagar", "code": "12943809", "title": "Ashok gets 'Dai Shihan' title", "text": "JANTA NAGAR: Ashok Chauhan, known for his flexibility and astonishing karate style, has been honoured with the title of \"Dai Shihan'' by Punjab State Karate Federation. \"Dai Shihan'' means grand master of karate and previously, Ashok was \"Sensei'' (master). He now aims to achieve the level of \"Shihan''.For this 31-year-old champ, the love for karate started in Assam. He said, \"I was born in Ambala, but due to business reasons my family had to migrate to Assam. Since karate was a popular game in the state, I also got fascinated. An Assamese coach trained me and I also won many medals in district and state level karate competitions representing the state.'' He adds, \"A few years later my family shifted back to Ludhiana, but my passion for the game continued. I started taking part in national competitions and I got appreciated for my performance.''While talking about his achievements, resident of Janta Nagar, Ashok Chauhan said, \"I achieved Black Belt - 1st Dan in 2011, Black Belt - 2nd Dan in 2008 and Black Belt - 3rd Dan in 2010. Now I am preparing myself for achieving the fourth degree of Black Belt.'' He adds, \"Along with playing karate, I am also the national referee of All India Karate Federation (AIKF). But all this did not come easy to me as I had to practice for hours everyday to achieve this.''Bruce Lee inspires this Karate player and he has watched a number of movies of this star. \"I groomed myself after watching the movies of Bruce Lee,'' he adds.Talking about his objective, he says, \"I aim to develop the game in different areas of Punjab. I also want the sport department to pay attention toward this game so that it can be further promoted.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12945865", "title": "Special trains to clear rush", "text": "ALLAHABAD: In wake of summer rush, railways has decided to ply two special trains - one between Patna and Mysore, and the other between Barauni and Bangalore City.Train numbers 03289/03290 will run between Patna and Mysore. It will depart from Patna on May 3 and from Mysore end on May 7. The train will depart from Patna at 8:10pm and arrive at Mughalsarai at 11:35pm, Mirzapur at 00:58am, Chheoki at 2:10am, Manikpur at 3:48am, Satna at 5:35am, Katni at 6:55am, Jabalpur at 8:40am, Itarsi at 12:55pm, Nagpur at 6:20pm, Balharshah at 10:40pm, Vijaywada at 7:10am, Gudur at 11:55am, Chennai Central at 2:20pm, Arrakonam at 3:43pm, Katpadi at 4:33pm, Jolarpettai at 5:25pm, Bangalore City at 8:40pm and terminate at Mysore at 11:30pm.During the return journey, the train will depart from Mysore at 7:15am and arrive at Bangalore City at 10am, Jolarpettai at 1:05pm, Katpadi at 2:23pm, Arrakonam at 3:13pm, Chennai Central at 4:55pm, Gudur at 8:50pm, Vijaywada at 2:35am, Balharshah at 9:45am, Nagpur at 1:20pm, Itarsi at 6:20pm, Jabalpur at 10:10pm, Katni at 11:45pm, Satna at 1:15am, Manikpur at 3:15am, Chheoki at 4:50am, Mirzapur at 6:03am, Mughalsarai at 7:20am and terminate at Patna at 11:40pm.This train will comprise 14 sleeper, one AC-II tier, one AC-III tier and one AC-II cum AC-III tier coaches.Another special train will ply between Barauni and Bangalore City. The train will depart from Barauni on May 2 while leave Bangalore City on May 7. The train will depart from Barauni at 6:20pm and reach Patna at 8pm, Mughalsarai at 11:35pm, Mirzapur at 00:58am, Cheoki at 2:10am, Manikpur at 3:48am, Satna at 5:35am, Katni at 6:55am, Jabalpur at 8:40am, Itarsi at 12:55pm, Nagpur at 6:20pm, Balharshah at 10:40pm, Vijaywada at 7:10am, Gudur at 12:20pm, Chennai central at 2:55pm, Arrakonam at 5:53pm, Katpadai at 6pm, Jolarpettai at 7:13pm and terminate at Bangalore City at 11:30pm.During the return journey, the train will leave Bangalore City at 5am and arrive at Jolarpettai at 9am, Katpadi at 10:23am, Arraknam at 11:18pm, Chennai Central at 12:45pm, Gudur at 3:52pm, Vijaywada at 8:05pm, Balharshah at 4:10am, Nagpur at 7:35am, Itarsi at 1:40pm, Jabalpur at 5:15pm, Katni at 6:40pm, Satna at 8:25pm, Manikpur at 10:43pm, Chheoki at 1am, Mirzapur at 3am, Mughalsarai at 4:40am, Patna at 7:55am and terminate at Barauni at 10:40am. The train will comprise six general, nine sleeper and one AC-III tier coaches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12945254", "title": "Vora\u2019s bail plea on Wednesday", "text": "MUMBAI: Stock broker Gautam Vora's bail application will now be heard on May 2. On Monday, the application was to come up for hearing in the 37th Esplanade Court. However, additional metropolitan magistrate P S Rathod did not pass any order.Vora was arrested on April 23 for allegedly harbouring murder accused Vijay Palande. He has been booked under sections 224 and 225 the Indian Penal Code Act and remanded to judicial custody till May 11. The police completed the identification parade on Saturday and Monday.His lawyer Rajendra Sorankar had filed two applications-for his bail and return of Vora's mother Madhvi Vora's Mercedes and Vora's Rolex watch which they had seized. Madhvi Vora, his brother Aditya and a cousin were present in court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12947551", "title": "Rajiv Gandhi assassination case: Petitions transferred to SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court today transferred to itself a petition seeking commutation of the death sentence of the three assassins - Santhan, Murugan and Perarivalan- of former prime minister Rajiv Gandhi , on the ground of inordinate delay in deciding their mercy pleas by the President.The SC bench headed by Justice GS Singhvi transferred to itself the petitions of the three convicts condemned to death from the Madras high court on a plea by lawyer KL Venkat. He argued that the \"surcharged atmosphere in Chennai would not allow for a fair hearing\". The three convicts had filed the writ petitions in the Madras high court challenging the rejection of their clemency plea by President Pratibha Patil after 11 years. The high court on August 30, 2011 stayed their execution.Rajiv Gandhi's assassins were pronounced guilty and awarded death sentence by the trial court in 1999. They had moved their mercy petitions before the President seeking commutation of their death sentences to life imprisonment in the year 2000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12943633", "title": "Counsel cites scripture in emotional plea to keep Nupur Talwar out of jail", "text": "NEW DELHI: It was nearing 4pm and Nupur Talwar had been at the courts for more than five hours when her counsels locked horns with the prosecution one last time to keep her out of jail. The atmosphere in the court of additional district judge Shyam Lal was charged as both sides argued fiercely for 40 minutes - Nupur's defence even citing the scriptures while CBI stood rigid on the circumstances of her case.Opposing Nupur's bail plea, CBI prosecutor RK Saini told the court: \"Hers is no special case as all the criminals go to jail\". In a raised voice, he said, \"Her only purpose is to evade the clutch of courts. Supreme Court has refused to stay the matter of bail. The CBI report has been upheld by the Supreme Court and she has been made accused of murder and destruction of evidence\".Nupur's counsel GP Thareja had sought interim relief for her, likening a mother to the creator in Hindu Trinity: \"Brahma is the creator, Vishnu is the protector and Mahesh (Shiva) is the destroyer, then how can the creator (Nupur) kill her daughter? Is the concept of love of a mother wiped out?\"Thareja sought relief for Nupur primarily on three grounds: \"She should be treated on parity with her husband Rajesh Talwar who is already on bail in the case; she is the mother of the victim and has roots in society, and she has no intention to flee the country or interfere with the justice delivery in the case\".Thareja argued that Nupur had been cooperative with the CBI during investigation; she herself went to the Gandhi Nagar forensic laboratory because she wanted to find out about the killer of her daughter, and her summoning order was under consideration in the Supreme Court.Nupur's lawyers pointed out that CBI itself had mentioned in its closure report that the evidence in the case was deficient. \"If the evidence (against her) was deficient, should she go to jail,\" asked Thareja, who was judge in the Priyadarshini Mattoo case.Opposing Thareja's submissions, Saini told the court: \"They (the Talwars) are emotionally blackmailing the different courts that their daughter has been killed. But what about that servant - Hemraj\". He urged the court to cancel Nupur's application and send her to jail. At this, the lawyer of another domestic help, Rajkumar, who was earlier made an accused by CBI, pointed out that \"Dr Rajesh Talwar was never granted bail. It was an interim relief as CBI had earlier given him a clean chit (on July 11, 2008)\".Nupur's lawyers argued that \"Rajesh Talwar was given bail when reports of examination (of scientific tests conducted by CBI) said that no deception was found and then Supreme Court had directed him to remain on bail. At that time, conditions were imposed on us (Nupur and Rajesh Talwar) that we will not leave the NCR. I (Nupur) won't flee the justice, so interim bail should be granted\".At the end of the hearing, ADJ Shyam Lal refused to give Nupur interim bail, stating: \"I do no find it feasible to let accused enlarge\", and summoned the records of the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12945596", "title": "16-yr-old gets 3 years in jail for raping minor", "text": "GURGAON: The juvenile justice board on Monday sentenced a 16-year-old resident of Delhi to three years' imprisonment for raping a minor on February 21 last year.According to the police, the incident took place at Bajghera near Palam Vihar on February 21, 2011.The accused abducted a 15-year-old girl from her house when she was sleeping with her mother on the fateful night, said the police.The accused then raped her and dumped her on the road. On the statement of the victim, Palam Vihar police lodged an FIR under Sections 363/366/376 of the IPC and arrested the accused.On Monday, the district juvenile justice board sentenced the accused to three years' imprisonment for the crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12944103", "title": "Rajasthan government reshuffles SPs thrice in nine days", "text": "JAIPUR: Three transfer lists of IPS officers in just nine days, out of which two are revised ones. In the past few days, chief minister Ashok Gehlot had to walk an extra mile not only to ensure that his party colleagues remain happy, but also to pacify sulking officers.The first major reshuffle came on April 21 with the government transferring 48 officers, followed by a list of 23 late on Sunday night while a list of three more names was released on Monday morning. Of the 26 transferred since Sunday night, 15 are those who were part of the original list of April 21.IPS officer Shivlal Joshi was transferred thrice in nine days. Joshi, who was posted as SP in Jhunjhunu, was transferred as SP, Nagaur on April 21. On Sunday night he was moved to Dholpur and within hours, shifted to Baran.Similarly, Rupinder Singh, who was DCP, crime branch, in Jaipur till April 21, was shifted as commandant, eighth battalion in New Delhi on Sunday night. This was cancelled on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12947869", "title": "Chitrangda is Mishra\u2019s Mehrunissa", "text": "There are no prizes for guessing this one. Sudhir Mishra has zeroed in on the leading lady for his much talked about next Mehrunissa and it is Chitrangda, not Vidya Balan or Katrina Kaif as was rumoured earlier.Confirming the news, the director said, \"The challenge for Chitrangda is to make her presence felt between two stalwarts namely Big B and Rishi Kapoor . Mehrunissa is a love story with two heroes and the girl, who is the catalyst. I am sure Chitrangda will be able to create an eloquent space for herself.\"Rubbishing allegations of him playing favourites where Chitrangda is concerned, Mishra said, \"I don't see why such a big deal is made about my working with Chitrangda. She is a very talented actress, beautiful, focused, does her work wonderfully and then goes home. There is no bag gage carried beyond the sets. Why is it that a director and an actress working together repeatedly draw such a response? When Priyadarshan and Akshay Kumar work together, no one questions their collaboration.\"This will be Chitrangda's third film with the director.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12949795", "title": "Osama planned to change name of al-Qaida: top US official", "text": "WASHINGTON: The felling of his top commanders one after the other by US drone strikes had plunged the slain al-Qaida chief Osama bin Laden into gloom in his last days and he was mulling changing the name of the group, a top US official said.Bin Laden rued \"disaster after disaster\", inflicted by the US drones in his last days, according to Deputy National Security Adviser John Brennan , who claimed that the CIA campaign had left al-Qaida seriously weakened and unable to replace wiped out commanders.Brennan said Osama's frustration at the hits suffered by his group poured out in documents seized from his last hideout at Abbottabad in Pakistan where he was killed on May 2, 2011.The US official claimed that Osama had \"confessed to disaster after disaster\" in some of the captured documents which would be published online this week by the Combating Terrorism Centre at the US Military Academy at West Point.The American official said that the documents showed that al-Qaida leader had asked his subordinates to flee for places \"away from drones and missile hits.\"Brennan said that al-Qaida's killing of innocents -- mostly Muslim men, women and children - has badly tarnished its image and appeal in the eyes of Muslims around the world.\"So damaged is al-Qaida's image that bin Laden even considered changing its name,\" he said.\"Even bin Laden and his lieutenants knew this. His propagandist, Adam Gadahn, admitted that they were now seen as a group that does not hesitate to take people's money by falsehood, detonating mosques, (and) spilling the blood of scores of people.\"Bin Laden agreed that \"a large portion\" of Muslims around the world \"have lost their trust\" in al-Qaida, Brennan said.Brennan said despite the great progress US has made against al-Qaida, it would be a mistake to believe this threat has passed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "12948318", "title": "Urban development ministry to study feasibility of high speed train services in Delhi-Rohtak-Hisar corridor", "text": "ROHTAK: The union urban development ministry has agreed to conduct feasibility study for high speed train services on Delhi-Rohtak-Hisar corridor under the regional rapid transit system (RRTS) for better connectivity in the national capital region.The union urban development minister Kamal Nath agreed for feasibility study on the Delhi-Rohtak-Hisar section on the demand raised by the Rohtak MP Deepender Singh Hooda in Lok Sabha on Monday during discussion for grant on demands.Last year, the NCR planning board had prepared functional plan for creating transport system for NCR-2032. The plan recommended eight RRTS corridors to connect various towns/areas of NCR, of which the centre prioritized three corridors for implementation in consultation with state governments. Delhi-Rohtak-Hisar would be the fourth corridor under the RRTS.Taking up the demand, Hooda has said that the NCR contribute to 20 per cent of the national GDP, so the priority should be given on infrastructure development in the NCR area. He urged the minister to increase the allocation of NCR Planning Board to 500 Crores in the 12th Plan period which had been decreasing over the years.Hooda also demanded three metro routes on Mundka-Bahadurgarh, Dwarka-Nazafgarh-Badli and Jahangirpuri-Kundli in Sonipat. He said that the Delhi Government should bear the cost of Metro line from Mundka to Tikri village in Delhi bordering Haryana. He said that the norms of 50:50 costs sharing between centre and state should be followed for future projects, complaining that Haryana Government was made to bear 80 per cent cost of the Faridabad metro project.Hooda demanded that the Panchkula should also be included in the JNNURM package for Chandigarh UT. He said that the Chandigarh region included Mohali and Panchkula. He urged that Rs 6000 crore package for Panchkula is pending and it should be cleared at the earliest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12935695", "title": "Viveik, Sunil and Sanjay in Soham Shah's next", "text": "After Shootout at Lokhandawala, the trio will be seen together yet again in Soham Shah's forthcoming film.Viveik Oberoi, Sunil Shetty and Sanjay Dutt - this deadly combination will be seen together yet again after Shootout At Lokhandwala. If all goes well, the three actors will team up in Soham Shah's next action thriller.Soham Shah's next has been titled as Sher. According to a source, these three actors have confirmed to play lead roles in Sher. Sanjay Dutt who has delivered a remarkable performance in Agneepath remake will yet again be seen in a negative role of a don in Sher.It will also feature Prakash Raj in a pivotal role. The makers are still in process of finalizing rest of the starcast. The film will go on floors by this yearend. It will be produced by Shree Ashtvinayak Cine Vision", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "baruipur", "code": "12944246", "title": "Arabul surrenders, walks out on bail", "text": "BARUIPUR: Former Bhangar MLA and president of Bhangar College governing body Arabul Islam and his son Hakibul Islam on Monday surrendered before the additional chief judicial magistrate Suruteswar Mondal's court in Baruipur. Clad in white-and-blue shirt and trousers, Arabul entered the court around 10am on a Scorpio, packed with his supporters. The father-son duo was produced before the court at 1.55pm, and they walked out on bail bonds of Rs 1,000 each within 10 minutes.Arabul and Hakibul were booked under section 506 (criminal intimidation), 509 (insulting the modesty of a woman), 143 (unlawful assembly), 341 (wrongful confinement), 323 (hurt) and 448 (house trespass). The duo were produced before ACJM . The magistrate granted the duo bail on Rs 1,000 bail bonds.Two senior lawyers Hafizul Rehman and Siddhartha Ghosh pleaded for the former MLA and his son, who is the general secretary of the college students' union. They said their clients were respected political persons and their surrender showed they respect the judiciary system.The lawyers also raised serious objections against the word \"hoodlum\" used by the complainant. According to the lawyers, use of such words is tantamount to defamation of their \"reputed clients\". \"We are exploring the possibility of taking legal steps against use of such derogatory words,\" said one of them.Last Tuesday, Arabul Islam allegedly hurled a jug at college teacher Debjani Dey after she expressed her displeasure over the whip issued by the governing body president for voting in favour of Trinamool candidates in the WBCUTA election. Arabul, however, denied the allegation saying he had never hurled any jug at her. He only objected against her wagging finger at him and a simple thing was blown out of proportion, Arabul claimed.However, the government took stock of things and initiated action after the teachers met the governor. First, the teachers lodged a complaint with the additional SP (rural) of South 24-Parganas. Then, Arabul got a serious drubbing from the top brass of Trinamool Congress . Things started rolling fast. The administration also organized security at the college campus to avert any untoward incident.On Monday, college teachers appeared satisfied with the developments as they could enter the college without any hassle. \"We faced no problem in taking classes,\" said a teacher.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12943164", "title": "Hologram row: Mopidevi favouring fraudulent company?", "text": "HYDERABAD: The hologram muddle raging in the excise department has thrown up a paradoxical role played by excise minister Mopidevi Venkataramana. Days after he recommended the disqualification of a company from the tendering process, the minister has done an about-turn and started lobbying for it!Documents in possession of TOI show that the excise minister initially directed excise commissioner Sameer Sharma to disqualify Holistik India Ltd from the tendering works (to prepare the hologram to be used on liquor bottles) on the grounds that the company had a conflict of interest, but later issued a directive to the commissioner to cancel the disqualification. \"The change of stand by the minister shows that the liquor lobby is so strong that they can arm twist the government,\" said a source in the excise department.In a move to prevent duplication and adulteration of liquor, the government embarked on the plan to affix a hologram on liquor bottles and called for tenders last year. Among the eight companies that submitted the tender applications, three- Gopson Papers Ltd, Kantas Trackpack, and Alpha Laser Tech India Ltd,- were disqualified in the first round of scrutiny. In the second round, Prithvi Information Solution Ltd and Kumbhat Hologram Ltd- were disqualified on account of their failed hologram samples, and in the final round, the screening committee disqualified the consortium of Holistik India Ltd and OITC as they had conflict of interest being business partners in distillery business. While the companies involved in distillery business are not qualified for making holograms, Niranjan Agarwal, director of OITC, was the owner of Durga distilleries and was also the president of AP Association of Distilleries at the time the tender documents were filed (now he has resigned from both the positions).Apart from the conflict of interest that disqualified the consortium of Holistik India Ltd and OITC, it was found that Alpha Laser Tech India Ltd and Kantas Trackpack India Ltd were also in a cartel with Hoilistik India Ltd as these companies were found to have the same promoters. Holistik subsequently moved the AP high court.Even as the high court was hearing the case, Mopidevi, after receiving a representation against Holistik India Ltd, on November 29, 2011, directed the excise commissioner to disqualify the company. However, barely a few months later, on April 19, 2012, on the day when the high court upheld the disqualification of Holistik India, Mopidevi told Sameer Sharma to cancel the disqualification, saying Holistik India Ltd had no conflict of interest as Agarwal had resigned from the distillery. The letter said: \"In the interest of more competition, no one should be disqualified on technical grounds.\"While the changed stand of the minister has raised hackles, observers are apprehensive about the liquor lobby playing its role in stalling the whole process as the introduction of hologram would curtail them from making money through irregularities such as violation of MRP and duplication of liquor. Asked about the matter, Mopidevi told TOI: \"I want the tender process to be free of any controversy. If there are some irregularities in the process, let us investigate and rectify the errors.\" Excise commissioner Sameer Sharma was not available for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12945745", "title": "3 cats keep Sarabjit company in Lahore jail as he waits for decision on mercy petition", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A family of three cats is all that Sarabjit Singh , languishing in Lahore jail, Pakistan, has had as company for years now. Awaiting decision on his mercy petition, pending with President Asif Ali Zardari , Sarabjit is hopeful that his execution will be terminated and he will be able to be with his children one day.This hope was communicated to a delegation of 15 lawyers from India, who visited him in the jail on April 28. Wearing a Pakistani salwar kameez and supporting a cap, Sarabjit almost wept with joy and clung on to the visiting delegates. Anmol Rattan Sidhu, a senior advocate in Punjab and Haryana high court, who led the delegation, said, \"Sarabjit kept saying how he wanted to meet his children. He said he had not seen the blue sky for over two decades and had been passing time in his cell hoping to be released instead of being executed.\"The E-7 cell in Lahore's Kot Lakhpat jail, where Sarabjit is being kept in solitary confinement, has a family of three cats, a black, a brown and a grey one. \"Sarabjit told us that he relies heavily on the company of cats and finds comfort in their antics. That is the only distraction he has known in past over 20 years,\" said Manjit Singh, another advocate, who was part of the delegation.\"We have moved a mercy petition to the president, requesting for early release of Sarabjit. We are now making efforts to fix up an appointment with the president himself, to meet him directly and seek his favor for Sarabjit on humanitarian grounds,\" said A R Sidhu. \"Pakistan government has been cooperative, our delegation was sanctioned approval promptly to meet Sarabjit who has had the chance to meet with visitors not more than five times since his arrest,\" he added.The delegation of lawyers also met the Interior minister of Pakistan, A Rehman Malik , who was apprised about the practice of Pakistani authorities of taking the passport of devotees at Nankana Sahib and Panja Sahib gurdwaras in Pakistan. \"We insisted that this hurts our religious sentiments, since Indians coming to Pakistan already have had their verifications at the international border and there is no need to do the same at a place of religion. The minister has given directions and the practice will end shortly,\" said Sidhu.The lawyers are also trying to work on the details of other Indians languishing in Punjab jails. There are over 50 Indians in the Lahore jail, nearly 15 in Rawalpindi central jail besides others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12945970", "title": "Central nod for Rs 1702cr Bihar-Nepal border road", "text": "PATNA: The Union home ministry has approved the construction of 552-km long road along the Bihar-Nepal border, from Madanpur in UP to Galgalia in West Bengal. The Centre has agreed to sanction Rs 1,702 crore for this two-lane road to be completed by 2015-16. The total cost, however, will exceed Rs 2,552 crore.The Centre will make funds available to the state road construction department (RCD) for the construction and maintenance of the road, said RCD minister Nand Kishore Yadav . The state government will bear the cost of land acquisition as well as the construction of bridges and culverts on the entire stretch, he added.Under the Central government policy, roads along Indo-Nepal border have to be constructed in West Bengal, Sikkim, UP and Uttarakhand, apart from Bihar. \"Bihar is the only state which made good progress and submitted DPR and the estimate to the Centre after it approved the project in December, 2010,\" Yadav said.This road will pass through seven districts in Bihar namely East and West Champaran (184km), Sitamarhi (89), Madhubani (40), Supaul (41), Araria (104) and Kishanganj (98). The construction will not involve the national highways.For the construction of bridges and culverts, the government will spend about Rs 1,400 crore which will be taken from Nabard as loan. For land acquisition and environment clearance, if necessary, the state government will have to spend from its own coffers, the minister said.This would be an additional advantage for Bihar which now boasts of good connectivity. Chief minister Nitish Kumar had been putting pressure on the Centre for constructing roads along 726-km long porous Nepal border. The CM had pointed out that the border areas were beset with plethora of problems, including illegal infiltration, smuggling of narcotics, fake currency, human trafficking and other criminal activities.Yadav said tenders would be floated after getting the proposal approved at the next cabinet meeting.\"The project is coming up as a new corridor, parallel to East-West corridor,\" RCD secretary Pratyaya Amrit said.\"The border road will help strengthen the presence and functioning of Sashastra Seema Bal (SSB). All the 191 SSB border outposts will be linked with this road even though at least 69 of them are a little far from the road which will be covered with link roads,\" Yadav said.The border road's alignment will start from Gobarhia village on Bihar-UP border through Sahodra, Inarwa, Sikta (W Champaran), Raxaul and Guwabari (East Champaran), Basbitta, Sonbarsa, Sursand, Bhitta Mor (Sitamarhi), Akharaghat, Ladania, Lukaha, Laukahi, Jhorichowk, Kariauth, Andhramath, Bhutaha Chowk (Madhubani), Saraigarh, Bhimnagar, Birpur (Supaul), Refugee Colony, Jogbani, Kunwari Sikti (Araria), Fatehpur, Dubbatola, Peeltola (Kishanganj) and culminate at Galgalia on Bihar-West Bengal border.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12944478", "title": "Ajit Pawar to inaugurate new police station today", "text": "PUNE: A new MIDC police station at Bhosari, covering the areas of Moshi, MIDC, Indrayaninagar, Shahunagar and Landewadi, is to be inaugurated by deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar on May 1.Dnyaneshwar Chavan, deputy commissioner of police, zone III, said the station had been formed to cater to the needs of the developing residential areas as well as the industrial units of the city. The existing Bhosari police station is overburdened as it has a vast area under its jurisdiction. Some of its areas have been attached to the new police station, he said.\"The station will operate from rented premises on the Spine road opposite the Bhosari centre of the Pimpri Chinchwad New Township Development Authority (PCNTDA),\" said Chavan. The PCNTDA will provide land for the MIDC police station at the Bhosari district centre. \"We expect to complete construction of a police station building in two years,\" he added.\"The areas of Spine City and some areas of the Pimpri police station will also be included in the jurisdiction of the MIDC police station,\" said police inspector Sudhir Aspat of the Bhosari police station. He said that the state government had issued a government resolution about eight months ago to set up the police station and that one officer and 30 employees of the Bhosari police station would be transferred to the new station.Nitin Bankar, president of the Pimpri Chinchwad Small Industries Association emphasised the need for a new police station. \"There are around 7,000 small industries located in the industrial belt of Pimpri Chinchwad city, which employ about 1.75 lakh people,\" he said. Till now, the industrial areas of Talawade, Kudalwadi and Chikhli came under the jurisdiction of the Dehu Road police station, the MIDC area came under the Pimpri police station and the areas of Sectors 7 and 10 came under the Bhosari police station. If anyone had to lodge a police complaint, they had to travel a considerable distance.\"There have been complaints of workers being robbed on salary day and thefts at industries. Around 250 trucks that bring raw material or transport finished goods are parked along the Spine road and anti-social elements resort to illegal activities like sale of liquor which creates a problem for local residents. Scrap collectors sort the scrap material on the roadsides and burn unwanted material, causing pollution. We have been demanding a separate police station for these reasons,\" he said.Bankar said the new MIDC police station should have a staff of at least 20 and a minimum of four vehicles to patrol the industrial areas from 7 pm to 6 am so that thefts in the area were reduced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12944838", "title": "CM suspends Bareilly's district excise officer", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Monday suspended district excise officer of Bareilly Chandrashekhar with immediate effect.The chief minister, after getting complaints that liquor in the district was being over-charged, suspended the officer, says an official press release.The official was prima facie found responsible for failing to keep a check on the practice. The chief minister had earlier taken similar action against the district excise officer Kannauj. He had issued a stern warning to officials concerned against any such practice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12944944", "title": "Emission, wrong lifestyle make more people asthma patients", "text": "INDORE: Uncontrolled emission from various sectors in the city has increased the number of asthma patients and more people are falling to its victim.As the city observes World Asthma Day on Tuesday, doctors said that the number of asthma patients witnessed a rapid rise in the city.Talking to TOI, chest specialist and former president of Indore Chest Society, Dr Pramod Jhawar, said, ''The number of asthma patients has increased by nearly 10% in the last two years. Almost 35-40 such people visit me every day, whose number was between 20 and 25 till two years back. One of reasons for increase in the number of asthma patients is increased awareness. Also, the number of asthma patients has gone up.''He said that that the number of patients, especially in children, was on the upward move because of changing lifestyle, less consumption of green vegetables, rising pollution and expanding concrete jungle in the city.As per the health experts, the environment factors including increasing exposure to pollution and allergens apart from western style of living and smoking (even passive smoking) are contributing greatly to the increase of bronchial asthma in the region.According to Dr Vallabh Mundra, another chest and allergy specialist in the city, food adulteration, packaged food, irrational use of colouring agents and exposure to difference of temperature cause allergic asthma among people.\"Consuming food from eateries or regular exposure to allergic agents can trigger breathing diseases,\" Dr Mundra said. He also suggested measures including wearing helmet, covering face while commuting on two-wheeler, change in habits and regular medication in case one is diagnosed with asthma.The rise in the number of asthmatics correlates with demographic changes in the city. Some of the factors including increased density of population due to migration of rural population and mounting number of automobiles in the city could also be responsible for the rising number of asthma cases, health experts clarified.\"There is rapid increase in industrialization and subsequent unabated emission contrary to green cover in cities. Policy makers should seriously notice the problem and find out possible solutions,\" said Dr Mundra.Rally organisedOn the eve of World Asthma Day, a candle march was organised on Monday under Breath Free Campaign at city's most polluted 56 Dukaan area. The rally was an attempt to raise awareness on the disease among the masses. A marathon will be organized on Tuesday, which will start from Shivaji Vatika at 7 am.FactsThe World Health Organisation (WHO) declared the first Tuesday of May month as WAD in 1999.Number of asthma patients increased in last two yearsDoctors advise to avoid outside food, exposure to allergens and take precautionary measures to minimise health problemsWearing helmet can help reducing exposure to allergensEat green vegetables and keep away junk and packaged food", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12944481", "title": "Fly from revamped airport this Puja: CM", "text": "KOLKATA: The city is going to get the much-deserved state-of-the-art airport by the Pujas, chief minister Mamata Banerjee promised on Monday.The chief minister said this after a meeting with civil aviation minister Ajit Singh , who inspected the new terminal building and held discussions with senior officials. Later, he told reporters that work would be completed in two to four months.\"I also spoke to the chief minister about the airport in Cooch Behar and the proposed ones in Malda and a couple of other locations. Bengal has tremendous tourism potential that can be tapped by setting up heliports. The number of people using Kolkata airport will go up to 4 million (from 1 million now) after the modernization is completed. It can well turn into a hub for the entire southeast Asian region. With an investment of Rs 200,000 crore, there will also be a tremendous boost to employment,\" Singh said.He, however, admitted that the ambitious airport city project at Andal - which has hit a brickwall following objections from the coal ministry - may take some more time to become operational.Mamata, too, mentioned of the Rs 200,000-crore investment, but officials involved in the modernization work are not so sure about the figure. One of them said the investment was around Rs 2,350 crore, which was expected to go up to Rs 2,500 crore. \"Maybe, they were talking about the total investment in the aviation sector,\" the person added.Mamata was pleased with the civil aviation minister for taking up two issues close to her heart -development of the state through employment generation and giving tourism a boost. The CM and the civil aviation minister also discussed about bringing more international flights to Kolkata.\"We discussed the progress of Kolkata airport,\" Mamata said. \"Work is progressing very fast and it will become operational before the Pujas. For the expansion of Cooch Behar airport, a culvert needs to be removed. I have asked for some money from the Planning Commission for this. To develop an airport at Malda, some railway land will have to be taken over. The civil aviation minister has also agreed to our plans for introducing helicopter services. We want to operate such services in Balurghat, Asansol/Durgapur, Darjeeling/Mirik, Haldia, Digha and the Sunderbans. This will provide a lot of employment in the state.But It was clear that the discussions between Mamata and Singh went well beyond airport revamp and proposals to boost tourism and generate employment. \"Yes, we did discuss some political issues,\" Singh, who is chief of the Rashtriya Lok Dal (RLD), said after the meeting. Though he didn't elaborate, sources said they also discussed issued related to Presidential election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12945495", "title": "Register all tubewells by July 31, warns administration", "text": "GURGAON: The district administration has set July 31 as the deadline for registration of all tubewells and borewells. Any unregistered tubewell found after this date would be treated as illegal and would be sealed, the authorities said.The administration has taken this step following the significant depletion of ground water table in Gurgaon district. According to an official release, the owner of such illegal borewells would also be booked and tried under Environment (Protection) Act.Deputy commissioner P C Meena, on Monday, appealed to the residents to get tubewells and borewells registered by July end. This will be applicable only for those tubewells which were bored before August 13, 2011, the date when the Central Ground Water Authority (CGWA) notified the whole district for management and use of ground water.Meena said that the CGWA has declared the entire Gurgaon district as notified area, which means that no new tubewell or borewell can be set up in the district any more without obtaining prior permission from his office.Regarding the borewells which had been installed prior to the notification of August 13, Meena said such tubewells owners can get registered now and a special drive will be launched from May 1 (Tuesday) and it will continue till July end.The purpose is to streamline and regulate the extraction of ground water. Once, all the operating tubewells are registered, it will be easy to identify those set up illegally. There is over-exploitation of ground water in Gurgaon district which needed to be regulated. The Punjab and Haryana High Court has also prohibited digging of new borewells in the district.Ground water level is in a critical state in the entire district. With hectic residential and industrial development across Gurgaon and other blocks, there had been reports of extensive extraction of ground water in the recent years. While the situation is worse in rural areas, the piped water supply is also inadequate in urban centres and almost 50% of the city's water need is met by ground water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "12944907", "title": "5 killed as car rams into tree", "text": "DHARWAD: Five persons, including two women, were killed on the spot when a car in which they were travelling rammed into a tree on the Mangalore-Hubli national highway near Kalghatagi in Dharwad district on Monday.The accident occurred between 4am and 5am near Sangatikoppa, 10km from Kalghatagi. Venugopal, 52, a chief reservation officer at Hubli railway station, his wife Godavari, 48, son Kartik, 14, sister-in-law Vedavati, 38, and car driver KY Vasan died in the mishap.Kalghatagi police said the family was returning in a Maruti Swift car to Hubli after attending a marriage in Mangalore.The driver reportedly lost control of the vehicle and hit the tree.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12943789", "title": "Stamp papers to be phased out; court fees will go up", "text": "NEW DELHI: Get ready for a 10-fold hike in court fees as the state government prepares to amend the law in order to shift from judicial stamp papers to electronic stamping. The shift will, however, make the payment of court fees hassle-free. Once the Court Fees (Delhi Amendment) Bill 2011, cleared by Delhi cabinet on Monday, becomes a law, stamp papers of all denominations will be replaced by an electronic stamping facility. Revenue collection from court fees is then expected to go up to Rs 300 crore annually from the current Rs 60 crore as new rates come into effect. A committee of Delhi high court had asked the government to introduce e-court fee.The provisions for this steep hike have been made in the Court Fees (Delhi Amendment) Bill 2011 which will be tabled in the budget session of the assembly to be held between May 28 and June 6. The draft bill has been approved by the Centre. Chief minister Sheila Dikshit said in order to rationalise court fees and their collection by introducing electronic court fees, it was decided to amend section 26 of the Court Fees Act 1870. \"The union ministry of home affairs and union ministry of law and justice have approved the draft bill,\" Dikshit said. A committee of Delhi high court had asked the city government to start e-court fee.The Bill seeks to completely do away with stamp papers of all denominations and shift to electronic-stamping facility, a move aimed at preventing fraudulent practices. The 10-fold hike in court fees will be a first since 1958. The current fee ranges from 20 paise to Rs 3. This will now go up 10 times. For instance the court fee for a vakalatnama that is around Rs 2.50 in high court will now be Rs 20. Court fees in denominations of 40 paise, 25 paise and 50 paise are no longer in use and this necessitated revision of court fee, the Delhi CM asserted.Earlier e-stamping had been introduced only for non-judicial stamp papers to weed out touts and intermediaries who hamper the process of registration of various documents, including ones related to property. According to officials of the revenue department, with judicial papers coming under the purview of e-stamping, people will have not have to buy stamp papers for sworn affidavits, agreements of tenancy, mortgage deeds, power of attorney documents, conveyance deeds, memoranda of appeal, decrees and other instruments. They will have to pay at e-stamping facilities to be created in the lower courts and high court complex. Here, on payment of the court fee, a unique ID number or an e-stamp will be generated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12944298", "title": "Fresh chargesheet against Kobad Ghandy", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court on Monday took cognizance of a fresh chargesheet filed against alleged Maoist leader Kobad Ghandy, indicting him under the anti-terror law for being a member of banned outfit CPI (Maoist) and trying to set up its base here.Delhi Police's special cell filed the chargesheet against 65-year-old Ghandy after a sessions court had in March discharged him from the stringent provisions of the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act for want of proper sanction for his prosecution under the anti-terror law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12949689", "title": "Rana signs reality show", "text": "Rana Daggubati is taking giant strides in Bollywood.After being signed up as the new brand ambassador for Royal Stag and Earth Hour, Rana has now been signed up by UTV to judge a reality show named \"The Chosen One\". Rana will actor Neha Dhupia as a co-judge in the reality show. At a recent press conference held in Mumbai, Rana and Neha Dhupia spoke to the media and expressed their gratitude for being part of this reality show.Rana's forthcoming film is RGV's \"Department\" in which he's playing a cop. Apart from this film, he also has Krish's \"Krishnam Vande Jagadgurum\" and another Tamil film on the cards to be directed by Selvaraghavan.www.123telugu.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12942854", "title": "Who needs life jackets while boating? Not these officials", "text": "KOCHI: Safety only matters for the public and is not the concern of higher officials. This was well illustrated in the city on Monday when several top officials took a boat ride in the backwaters to inspect sites of the proposed bridges connecting Goshree islands.When DMRC principal advisor E Sreedharan, accompanied by district collector P I Sheik Pareeth and local MLAs Hibi Eden, V D Satheesan and S Sarma, among others, travelled on a speedboat for inspection, not a single one of them wore a safety jacket.The jackets were instead neatly stacked in front of the boat, tied in a yellow sack. In case of an accident, it would have been difficult to retrieve those jackets and put them on.Meanwhile, the district collector said that life jackets were kept ready in the boats to be used in case of emergencies.\"We had sufficient safety jackets on the boat and were ready to use them any time,\" said Pareeth. \"Life jackets are mandatory for all those travelling by speed boats,\" said Shaji V Nair, director of State Water Transport Department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12945356", "title": "Airports Authority of India tries out new domestic terminal", "text": "CHENNAI: Nilesh Karania, a senior manager at an IT firm, could have in all chances suspected that his pilot had flown him down to a wrong airport. It had nothing familiar with the airport he knew as Anna International Airport. He walked out of the aerobridge into a plush steel and glass terminal instead of a time-worn one. He and his co-passengers were welcomed like celebrities with flowers and bouquets by the airport officials.Nilesh was among the 136 passengers of the Kingfisher flight from Mumbai who got a preview of the future - how the new domestic terminal will look when it is thrown open. The Airports Authority of India threw open the new terminal on Monday for a dry run to iron out the flaws, if any.Nilesh, who is settled in Mumbai but visits Chennai on business, said the new domestic airport managed to wow him: \"I have been seeing the building gaining shape every time I fly to this city. It looks very modern. I am happy to see that a government-run AAI has built such a good airport terminal\".The new terminal, like a film sequel, is christened Domestic-II for the time-being. It is spread across 72,614 square metres and has five levels -- basement, arrival, mezzanine floor, departure floor and a VIP level. There are seven gates, two hold rooms for waiting passengers, 52 check-in counters and eight e-ticketing counters. It can handle 10 million passengers per year. At peak hour, 3,300 passengers can be handled in the new building.Sanjay, another passenger, was as excited by the new building as by the flowery welcome he received. \"The interior looks good. We came out of the aerobridge, walked through a glass and steel tube-kind of corridor and took the elevators to the ground floor. The terminal building looked very beautiful, with all the lights and polished floor. This is several times better than the existing one,\" he said.The trial run, according to the airport higher-ups, brought rave reviews. \"The trial was to find out whether all functions are ready for receiving flights. The feedback is good and the trial went well, said airport director E P Hareendranathan.He said a similar exercise in departure will be conducted soon. \"It will be more challenging because there will be a lot of activity during departure.\"\" The new building is likely to be opened in June. All operations of the existing domestic terminal will be shifted to the new building. The existing structure will be shut for renovation,\" Hareendranathan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12944455", "title": "BJP opposes bid to amend marriage Act", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government on Monday introduced a Bill in Rajya Sabha to amend existing laws to include \"irretrievable breakdown of marriage'' among the grounds for divorce, along with other provisions, but the BJP strongly opposed the legislation because it could prove \"dangerous\" for women in the Indian social context.Introducing the Marriage Laws (Amendment) Bill, 2010, law minister Salman Khurshid said by amending the Hindu Marriage Act and the Special Marriage Act, 1954, the government proposes to make divorce easier in case of irretrievable breakdown of marriage among consenting adults. The Bill also has provisions under which adopted children will have rights on par with biological children in case the parents go for a divorce.\"The Bill also seeks to mitigate the hardship that is caused to the parties in a marriage, who file a petition for grant of divorce by mutual consent, and to mitigate the harassment that takes place inevitably because one of the parties willfully on second thought, or for whatever reasons, avoids coming to the court for fulfilling the other steps that need to be taken for taking the divorce proceedings to a logical conclusion,'' said Khurshid.Initiating the debate, Leader of Opposition Arun Jaitley , however, said, \"I feel that in the Indian context, there is a very important alternate argument that has not found sufficient space...it should be factored in when we legislate on this Bill. Otherwise, I am afraid that this law may actually end up creating unusual hardships for women in India.''Jaitley said the ``irretrievable breakdown'' was different from the conventional jurisprudence of divorce since the person who causes it her/himself was entitled to ask for the divorce. In Western countries, there is adequate support system or financial compensation provided to the wife in such cases. But that is not the case in India.\"Effectively, if you put irretrievable breakdown without a financial support system as a ground here, the inevitable consequence is going to be - as mostly women are the sufferers of matrimonial breakdown - that once a husband uses it for a divorce, courts will give conventional and very conservative maintenance amounts,'' he said.The BJP leader added, ``We must, therefore, seriously consider that without provisions like sharing of assets, without provisions for an adequate compensation, whether in the abstract we can say, `Well, the western countries have it; our Supreme Court is also saying so, let us also have it as a ground.''Najma Heptulla (BJP) said, ``Until we give enough protection to women, this will be very dangerous for them.'' Irretrievable breakdown in marriage should be \"codified\" and should not become \"a tool in the hand of the husband\", she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12944642", "title": "Jharkhand state electricity board trifurcation in final stage", "text": "RANCHI: The state government has decided to trifurcate the Jharkhand State Electricity Board (JSEB) and the process is expected to be completed within a month, said energy secretary Vimal Kirti Singh after a review meeting on power situation by chief minister Arjun Munda here on Monday.The basic formalities have been completed by the department and the paper will be sent to the Power Finance Corporation (PFC) within a fortnight.The meeting was convened by the chief minister after power situation continued to be grim in the state and Ranchi in particular over the last 15 days. Most parts of the state have been witnessing prolonged and erratic power supply.Places even in the state capital witness power cuts for more than 4-5 hours a day. \"The PFC officials are expected to give the final presentation of the trifurcation of JSEB for generation, transmission and distribution. Once the formalities are completed, we will put up the proposal for ratification before cabinet,\" said Singh.He added that the JSEB had failed to bridge the resource gap because of heavy loss because of poor revenue collection. \"The department is not happy with the situation and we have decided that instead of giving Rs 100 per month to bridge the resource gap to the JSEB we will only give Rs 83.33 crore,\" said Singh, adding that this system of bridging the resource gap would not be continued for long.The JSEB collects only Rs 2.03 crore per month against an expected revenue generation of around Rs 65 crore.On the other hand, Munda expressed displeasure over tardy pace of work by National Thermal Power Corporation (NTPC) and JSEB in the state. \"The way NTPC and JSEB have failed to complete rural electrification project is not acceptable. I have asked them to complete the work at the earliest,\" said Munda.Referring to a query on entry of private players in power distribution, Singh said the department would extend the work of distribution in Jamshedpur, Ranchi and Dhanbad to private companies soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12943138", "title": "Maddelacheruvu Suri murder case: CID seizes gun from Bhanu\u2019s Seoni hideout", "text": "HYDERABAD: Crime Investigation Department (CID) sleuths have recovered a .32 revolver and 32 live rounds from the rented house of M Bhanu Kiran alias Bhanu in Seoni of Madhya Pradesh on Monday.As a part of the probe into illegal activities of Bhanu, the prime accused in the factionist Maddelacheruvu Suri's murder case, a special team on Sunday night took him to Seoni, where he had taken shelter while being on the run.Police took Bhanu to his rented accommodation at Abhishek Garden Colony of Seoni where CID sleuths found apart from the revolver and bullets, three mobile phones and three debit cards of nationalised banks.CID sleuths also grilled Shahed Rana, a car driver who used to drive around Bhanu in his vehicle, and the house owner, Pandey.After Bhanu was taken into custody, CID sleuths recovered six revolvers from Anantapur, Hyderabad and Seoni. During interrogation, police found out that Bhanu had 34 properties, including nine in Hyderabad and Ranga Reddy. A huge amount was also found in his bank accounts.CID is trying to find out the people who helped Bhanu in hiding from cops for about 16 months after killing Suri by verifying his bank transactions and call details.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12944984", "title": "Corbett's 24X7 surveillance model now in Tadoba", "text": "NAGPUR: A pilot project first implemented in Uttarakhand's Corbett tiger reserve, with 24X7 surveillance, will be now implemented in Tadoba-Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR) and its landscape.\"Owing to spurt in poaching of tigers in the landscape of Corbett, we had launched 24X7 surveillance model in 400 sq km area last year. It is yielding results,\" said Rajesh Gopal. A team of forest officials from Maharashtra will visit Corbett soon to study the model before implementing it here.For round-the-clock surveillance, Corbett is using high definition cameras. The project E-eye (electronic eye) is a software-based system, where 10 high resolution thermal and infrared cameras mounted on towers are spread across the 400 sq km area of the park, which falls in a highly sensitive zone bordering Uttar Pradesh.The cameras capture images of objects weighing more than 20kg and generate alerts if they are crossing the boundary. The alerts are sent to the control room at the park and the NTCA office in Delhi.All the cameras have been placed in positions from where they cover the entire 400 sq km of the area and can be controlled by NTCA officials sitting in Delhi.According to Gopal, due to shortage of field staff it was getting difficult to cover the entire 800 sq km of Corbett and installation of cameras has brought down the incidence of infiltration in the area drastically. The cost of the project is around Rs 3.5 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12945526", "title": "Automen forge transport secretary\u2019s seal and sign", "text": "After printing inflated autorickshaw fares, the cheats have now forged the seal and signature of the state transport secretary and circulated colour tariff cards to make them look \"genuine\".The fake tariff card racket , exposed by TOI nine days ago, has spread across the eastern and western suburbs . Drivers are flashing the fake cards with impunity and fleecing unsuspecting passengers. And little relief is in sight as RTO officials and the police seem to be doing little to curb the menace.On their part, the police say they have arrested two persons in the racket. But even as the two cool their heels in custody, more and more commuters fall prey to the fake tariff racket. A senior official from the Jogeshwari police, however, points out that the cops are conducting a detailed inquiry to nab the mastermind behind the racket.State transport secretary Shailesh Sharma, who is also chairman of the MMRTA, told TOI: \"It is criminal to forge signatures and seals. I have directed the transport commissioner to take cognizance of such cases and lodge police complaints. If citizens come across any such card, they can lodge police complaints or bring the matter to my or the local RTO's notice.\"Transport commissioner V N More said his officers would conduct checks and those caught would be handed over to the police. He added that another solution to the problem was to flood the market with genuine/ RTO-approved tariff cards. \"We are printing close to 2 lakh tariff cards on a warfooting to cater to the Mumbai metropolitan region. Nearly 1 lakh cards have been printed in batches and distributed. We are handing them over to drivers who come for the annual fitness tests and to the authorized unions, which in turn will distribute them among their member-drivers .\"\"We have also asked the traffic police to keep a bunch of cards at its chowkies for distribution among auto drivers,\" More said. He appealed to commuters to stay alert and lodge complaints on 1800-22-0110.RTO officials at Andheri had initially laid traps and caught a few persons in connection with the racket. FIRs were registered against two men. Members of the flying squad claimed that they nabbed and imposed fines on five more persons-all drivers-overg the weekend for possessing fake tariff cards.A senior RTO official from Andheri said the department should ideally conduct surprise checks and lodge more cases against errant drivers. \"However, we have 55% vacancy. Besides, some officials have proceeded on leave for summer vacation ,\" he added.Times ViewThe sheer brazenness with which autorickshaw drivers now cheat passengers is galling. Passengers, who want to pay the right fare, should not be made to feel helpless in the face of this unionised cheating and forgery. The threat to make the agitation more aggressive is a clear indicator of what the union thinks of the law. Mumbai used to pride itself on its public transport system. What we are now witnessing on the streets is a collapse of that system under the onslaught of cheats and goons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12944819", "title": "Lucknow development authority spots two sites for dalit memorial", "text": "LUCKNOW: Even as authorities search for open spaces in and around dalit memorials for construction of hospitals and other public utility services, the Uttar Pradesh government is considering two sites for construction of a memorial in the name of socialist leader Karpoori Thakur.Lucknow Development Authority has told the housing and urban planning department that a 50-acre land in Vasant Kunj and a 15-acre land in Gomtinagar extension could be utilised for the purpose. Both the sites have their land use marked as 'green belt'.The development comes close on the heels of Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav urging his son and UP chief minister Akhilesh to get a memorial constructed in the name of the great socialist leader.A senior official in LDA told TOI that the CM office has been apprised of a site in Vasant Kunj, near Hardoi Road. The site is essentially a green belt which may further be developed after reclaiming land from river Gomti by constructing a bund, which has already been proposed by the state government.Only two weeks ago UP chief secretary, Jawed Usmani had asked the officials to get the area developed under the Gomti beautification scheme. Once reclaimed, this site could be turned into a memorial, which, though, will retain the status of a green belt, like the Lohia Park in Gomtinagar.LDA has also suggested an approximately 15-acre site in Gomtinagar extension, which may also be developed into a memorial. This site too is a green belt in the master plan. This site is close to the 600 acres of land which was later converted into a green belt and named Kanshiram Eco Garden in 2010. This land was earlier part of a housing scheme until LDA turned it into a green belt.LDA had developed a small park in the name of Thakur, the two time chief minister of Bihar in Vipul Khand area. The two-acre park adjacent to an under constructed Shaheed Path, interestingly has a strong imprint of Mulayam's bete noire, Mayawati. The bust of Karpoori Thakur was inaugurated by Mayawati on January 24, 2003 during her previous stint.But, unlike other memorials, which achieved the status of being 'grand enough' to attract tourists during Mayawati regime, the said park is a picture of utmost neglect. The boundary wall is broken at many places, while the wall behind Karpoori's bust has all sorts of abusive graffiti scribbled all over it, though the foundation stone speaks of Karpoori's contributions to socialist movement at length.Karpoori Thakur has also been the president of Akhil Bhartiya Sanyukt Samajwadi Dal founded in 1969. This was 23 years prior to the launch of the Samajwadi Party, which came into existence in 1992. Mulayam himself is reported to have told Akhilesh of his experience of being at the Karpooriji's house in Bihar. It was nothing but a thatched hut.LDA is also working out a proposal for renovation of Jai Prakash International Centre in Vibhuti Khand. Sources said that LDA officials have made a representation before chief minister Akhilesh and are awaiting his final approval. Sources said that a tentative design of the centre has been prepared and is likely to be put forth before the chief minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12944568", "title": "National Book Fair starts today in Ahmedabad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city is hosting a seven-day National Book Fair from Tuesday. The event is being organized jointly by the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC), National Book Trust (NBT) and Gujarati Sahitya Parishad (GSP) at Sabarmati riverfront. The venue will have 177 book stalls from all over the country, spread over an area of 4,000 square metres.The event will not be restricted to display of just books; a host of literary activities are also being planned for all seven days. There will be talk shows, book launches, kavi sammelans, a special section of folk literature and music, and meeting with authors. A young writers' club will also be formed to encourage young writers.Literary figures like Varsha Das will hold special programmes for children on how to write short stories. A lecture on translations will be given by Rita Kothari and Pradeep Khandvala. There will also be awareness seminars for book traders in Gujarat.A special emphasis is also being laid on popularizing Gujarati children's literature. Experts like Yashwant Maheta, Sraddha Trivedi and Vijay Sevak will talk on the challenges faced by authors who write for children.Among other interesting things are workshops for children where they have to enact a story and paint it too. \"There will be quiz programmes for children also,\" said a senior AMC official.Some of the leading literary figures will also talk on the legendary creators in Gujarat's fiction world. \"This will be the state's biggest book fair on the lines of the literary fests organized in Delhi or Jaipur. The main draw of the festival will be workshops that we have organized for budding writers-both in Gujarati and English,\" added the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12945341", "title": "\u2018How can an agreement upheld by high court be illegal?\u2019", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Reacting to the Supreme Court's observation, Fr Rajesh Martin, director of Quilon Service Society which handled the litigation for Valentine's family, said, \"How can an agreement upheld by the high court be illegal? The settlement was reached before an adalat comprising two high court justices. If the act was illegal as pointed out by the apex court, the HC justices should have been aware of that. Are the law and Constitution different for the state and the Centre.\"\"When the Italians approached the family with the offer of a compromise they had put forward three conditions before them. First, the government must be in the know; second, the court needs to approve and third, the money must go to the families directly. Nothing was done without the knowledge of the state and the court. Hence the families cannot be blamed for turning hostile.\"Our people are very poor and do not have much knowledge of the law. They have stomachs to feed and cannot wait forever for the judiciary to deliver,\"' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "12943104", "title": "Paddy cultivation goes up in Alappuzha", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: There is a striking increase in the area under paddy cultivation in Alappuzha district, says a report published by Alappuzha district panchayat on Sunday.As per the report, farmers in the district cultivated paddy only in 37,778 hectares of land in 2009. In 2010, paddy was cultivated in 95,106 hectares of land and it increased to 97,700 hectares in 2011.During 2010-2011 period, the total paddy production of the district was 146,589 metric tonne. Veliyanadu grama panchayat contributed a major part of it by producing 22,080 metric tonne paddy.District panchayat president Pratibha Hari told TOI that when the paddy cultivation was declining in other districts, it is on the rise in Alappuzha.\"It is a good sign that we could achieve this with sincere efforts from local bodies and farmers. The local bodies have begun to spend 30 % of their annual fund for the development of agriculture sector in the district,\" she said.There are 612 'padasekharams' in the district and 2599.172 hectares of land remain barren. Farmers in the district do 'puncha' cultivation (October to March crop season) in 549 'padasekharams' using 2,800 tonne seeds and 'virippu' cultivation (May to September) in 265 'padasekharams' using 1,000 tonne seeds.The principal agriculture officer in Alappuzha, K G Harikumar told TOI that the paddy production from this year's 'puncha' cultivation showed 10% increase compared to that of last year.\"This year, the 'puncha' cultivation has been carried out in 26, 832 hectares of land in Kuttanad producing 1, 40,000 tonne of paddy. Last year, the paddy production from 'puncha' cultivation was only 1,30,000 tonne,'' he said.\"Vegetable cultivation is on in 2,409 hectares of land in the district. Kanjikkuzhy, Cherthala, Mannancherry, Nooranadu, Chunakkara and Thazhakkara are the leading grama panchayats in the district in vegetable cultivation. Last year, we produced 26,432 metric tonne vegetables in the district,'' the district panchayat president said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "miami", "code": "12945291", "title": "Angry with Iran, US pastor burns Quran", "text": "MIAMI: Controversial US pastor Terry Jones has burned more copies of the Quran and a depiction of the prophet Mohammed to protest the imprisonment in Iran of a Christian clergyman, The Gainesville Sun reported. The newspaper said Jones and another pastor, who carried out their protest in front of their church in Gainesville , Florida on Saturday, demanded release of Christian pastor Youcef Nadarkhani from an Iranian prison.Jones said Nadarkhani faces execution.Meanwhile, Iran slammed Quran burning, calling it provocative and demanding US authorities take action to prevent any recurrence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12945822", "title": "City in grip of power crisis, peak summer makes life miserable", "text": "KANPUR: The city is grappling with poor power supply. On Monday, the people faced three hours of rostering. It began from 12 noon and continued till 3 pm. There was no power and the people had to suffer in the hot weather.The Kesco authorities stated that the rostering was done from system control in Lucknow and they had nothing to do with it. Normally, the city faces power cut from 1 pm to 3 pm each day but Monday turned out to be a different as this rostering schedule was not followed. Suddenly at 12 noon, the power was cut.Power rostering for two hours in the afternoon period gives time to the people. The night rostering is also a problem as even an hour of power cut plunges the city into darkness.The demand for power had gone up but the supply has not increased. This gap between demand and supply is sure to widen more in the coming days. Also, in the name of saving power grid from tripping, the supply to the city is stopped.Being a big city of the state, Kanpur had to bear burden of frequent power tripping. It is because of this reason that the city faces more power cuts in comparison to other cities.The demand for power had gone up but the supply has not increased. This gap between demand and supply is sure to widen more in the coming days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12944662", "title": "BJP, Left walk out of Lok Sabha over farmers\u2019 woes", "text": "NEW DELHI: Accusing the UPA government of adopting anti-farmer policies, members from the NDA and the Left parties on Monday staged a walkout in Lok Sabha.Raising the issue during zero hour, NDA convener and JD(U) leader Sharad Yadav said despite slowdown in every sector in the last three years, farmers have been able to produce a bumper crop. He said though this year too, the farmers expect a bumper crop, government has not made efforts to ensure its purchase and storage in godowns.Yadav claimed that due to lack of storage facilities, foodgrain was rotting and said that in the absence of coordination between the Centre and the state governments, sacks had not been made available to store the produce. He said the recent rains may have cooled Delhi, but it had damaged crop lying in the open.He requested finance minister Pranab Mukherjee, who was present in the House, to immediately set up a 'war room' to deal with the situation and suggested that the Union Cabinet take a call on how to deal with the situation. The JD(U) leader warned that the \"government could fall\" if the woes of the farmers were ignored.Several BJP members were on their feet demanding a reply from the government on the issue. Leader of opposition Sushma Swaraj lamented that instead of making a statement, leader of the House Pranab Mukherjee left when the issue was being raised.Protesting the stand of the government, members from NDA parties as well as MPs from the Left staged a walkout. Just before the walkout, Naranbhai Kachhadia (BJP) said cotton farmers were facing hardships as there were no buyers for their produce and blamed the Centre for the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12943832", "title": "Clear SP Mukherjee Marg of obstructions: High court tells MCD", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pulling up the MCD for non-compliance of its order, the Delhi high court on Monday directed the agency for immediate removal of obstructions from the lane marked for non-motorized vehicles(NMVs) on S P Mukherjee Marg. A special bench of justices S Ravindra Bhat and S Muralidhar, constituted to deal with traffic-related issues, told the agency to remove the obstructions, including a toilet and two trees, from the NMV lane within five days.Coming down heavily for non-compliance of its January 20 order to clear the hurdles, the bench said the MCD is \"passing the buck to the traffic police\". \"We have been challenged by your officers consciously. We will issue a contempt notice to the MCD commissioner,\" the bench warned the MCD's counsel if its directives are not implemented in time. The bench asked MCD to submit in court measures taken for parking of cycle rickshaws on the lane by May 25, the next date of hearing. The order came after petitioner organization Manushi alleged that the MCD has failed to clear obstructions despite an order from the bench four months ago and is shifting blame on police saying that no co-operation was rendered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12945120", "title": "Bodies of 6, including 5 SBI probationers, fished out", "text": "INDORE: The bodies of five young probationary officers of the State Bank of India (SBI) and a canteen boy at the SBI's regional training centre were fished out of the Narmada river from the tourist-town of Maheshwar, some 125 kms from here on Monday.The six youths who were on a weekend trip to Maheshwar drowned after their boat capsized on Sunday night. Eight of them managed to swim back safely.The deceased were identified as Jitendra Singh Yadav, 23, son of SS Yadav, resident of Kanpur, Vijay Shyam Sharma, 23, son of SB Sharma, resident of Ahmedabad, Vishal Singh, 22, son of Devi Singh, resident of Bareli, T K Premkiran, 25, son of T K Kanjuppa, resident of Ernakulam and Saurabh Mohan, 22, son of O M Mohan, resident of Pathanamthitta and Javed Khan alias Ilu, 21, son of Riyasat Ali Khan, resident of Pratapgarh in UP. Khan was working as a canteen boy with the SBI training centre.All the deceased were in their last leg of training and were supposed to join the SBI branches in their respective cities after May 5. Vijay, Shyam, Vishal and Jitendra were supposed to join SBI Ahmedabad circle, while remaining two Saurabh Mohan, and T K Prem Kiran were set to join Kerala circle of the bank after the training.The mishap occurred at around 7.15 pm on Sunday while the officers who were on the boat tried to take a photograph from the moving boat that lost its balanced and capsized. Eight people on the boat swam to safety while efforts were made to locate the others.However, the divers had to abandon rescue operations during the night hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12944293", "title": "Mamata's Rabindrasangeet enthralls crowd at Thakurbari", "text": "KOLKATA: The historic Jorasanko Thakurbari came alive with songs of Rabindranath Tagore on Monday evening to mark the inaugural event of the bard's 150th birth anniversary celebrations. Dazzling with lights of all hues, the Thakurbari was filled to capacity with people from different walks of life. Such was the mood of the soiree, organized by the state tourism department and the Rabindra Bharati University (RBU), that even Mamata Banerjee could not resist singing a few lines from one of her favourite Rabindrasangeets.Responding to a request of the gathering, the Bengal chief minister picked up the michrophone and sang, \"Mone ki dwidha rekhe gele chole, se din bhora sanjhe jete jete duyar hote.\" Even as she apologized for her bad throat, the crowd broke into a thunderous applause to appreciate her efforts.The historic Jorasanko Thakurbari came alive with Tagore songs on Monday evening. With everything around being a part of Bengal's bard, it was but impossible for guests at the Thakurbari not to get nostalgic. It was the inaugural event of Rabindranath Tagore's 150th birth anniversary celebrations. So much ignited was the gathering that the West Bengal Chief Minister also could not resist but show her passion for Rabindra Sangeet.\"Mone ki didha rekhe gele chole, shei din bhora sanjhe jete jete duwaro hote...\" Mamata Banerjee picked up the mike and sang few lines from this Tagore number responding to the demand from the gathering. Even as she apologised for a bad throat the guests appreciated her effort though a thunderous clap.Organised by the state tourism department and the Rabindra Bharati University (RBU),Mamata Banerjee promised to turn the place into a world tourist destination. Conservation work, a museum, a cultural centre and attractions like showcasing the 19th and 20th century Thakurbari culture through light and sound have been proposed to enhance the charm of this heritage site. There are also discussions of renaming the Girish Park Metro station as Jorasanko Thakurbari.\"I have visited many places of historical importance. But coming here I feel I have reached the pilgrimage that is closest to my heart. This place has to be conserved as a cultural centre so that the generation x knows and learns about Tagore. People from across the globe will also visit this place. The government is ready to extend whatever help is needed for this,\" said the CM.Various cultural activities like music, dance and theatre will mark the celebrations for Tagore's 150th birth anniversary. The celebrations which began on Monday will continue till the third week of May.As part of Tagore's 150th birth anniversary, there would be various cultural activities - music, theatre, dance - till the third week of May at the Thakurbari.\"All these years, this historic place was not getting the kind of importance it deserves. We appreciate the keen interest the government has shown to develop and conserve this place,\" said RBU vice chancellor Chinmay Guha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12945393", "title": "Left in dark, residents beat up TNEB employee", "text": "CHENNAI: Residents of Sholinganallur beat up TNEB staff after failing to get a response to their repeated complaints of defunct streetlights.TNEB staff in an area office got several calls from residents at 11.15pm on Sunday that a few street lamps on Village High Road were not working for many days. When there was no response, the residents barged into the office and attacked the staff who have now requested police protection.\"They abused us and beat us up,\" said E Ramaswamy, a TNEB employee. \"We kept telling them the problem of street lights not working should be taken up with the local body and not with us. But, they never listened to our words and kept beating us until we fell to the ground.\"Ramaswamy had received a call from a resident, Pannerselvam, about the street lights. The caller said the repair should be done immediately. This was followed by a couple of more calls of the same nature. Late in the night, a few people came to the office and picked up an argument with the staff there and thrashed them. The injured staff were given first-aid at a private hospital.On Monday, the staff, along with a few senior TNEB officials, filed a complaint at the Sholinganallur police station. In a mark of solidarity with the injured staff, TNEB staff from adjoining sub-stations at Adyar, Perungudi, Kandanchavidi, Palavakkam, Neelankarai, Velachery and Semmenchery came to the police station. They demanded that police file a complaint against those responsible for the attack. But, police did not file a complaint and instead wanted to settle the issue between the staff and the residents. \"We want them to settle the matter themselves because such issues are frequent on OMR,\" said a policeman.Sunday's incident is the third such incident in less than three months. A similar incident happened in the neighbouring Semmenchery and MCN Nagar in Thoraipakkam a couple of months ago. Earlier, the two incidents happened after residents got agitated due to frequent power cuts and low voltage at night. \"We are scared to stay in the area office at night. How do we work in fear?\" said a TNEB staff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12943855", "title": "Meghalaya chief minister wants full probe into suicide", "text": "NEW DELHI: A week after his niece Dana Sangma committed suicide, Meghalaya chief minister Mukul Sangma on Monday demanded a thorough probe into the alleged humiliation of the student that forced her to take the extreme step. At a media conference held in the city, Sangma asked for a \"stringent follow up\" of the case and also gave a call for the integration of the nation and fresh legislation to deal with \"instances of discrimination and cases of atrocities\" against students of the northeast.Dana was a student at Amity University's Gurgaon campus and had been hauled up by an invigilator for having a switched-on cellphone in her pocket during an exam. The Meghalaya CM said he intended to use the case to address the larger issues pertaining to the treatment of students from the northeastern states. For this, he called for a law that will act as a \"deterrent\" for all those with \"limited knowledge of the huge diversity of the nation\". \"I have already written to the HRD minister and will be taking up the same issue with other chief ministers,\" he said.\"The present situation demands a larger engagement of all stakeholders, or putting in place a system that will deter the tendency of discrimination and atrocities in institutions/universities by insensitive administration,\" he said in a statement.The Meghalaya CM argued that his family chose to not seek exemption from postmortem because officials from the Meghalaya House, sent by Sangma, found \"some indication that was obvious\" that there was more to the suicide story.Sangma said he made enquiries and found that his niece was \"sitting in the first row of a small examination hall with two invigilators\"-implying that cheating would have been difficult in those conditions-and added that her phone was confiscated by the authorities.Sangma also insisted that his interest in the welfare of students from the northeast is not a sudden one brought on by his niece's death. He said he was involved with student politics for long and would have reacted the same way \"if it had been any other student from (his) state\".\"The issue of safety, security and well-being of the students emerging time and again, which is relevant particularly in the case of students from northeast, who also follow a culture which others in this part of the country are less familiar with, is a matter of concern. There should be complete integration so that no group of people has the scope to feel ostracized,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12943824", "title": "Protitution racket busted in Khar disco", "text": "MUMBAI: While raiding a discotheque for functioning beyond the deadline, the social service branch of the Mumbai police discovered that it was actually running a prostitution racket.The police raided Madness discotheque of Ramee Guestline Hotel in Khar on Sunday when they arrested 10 staff members and rescued 16 girls. The hotel is located right opposite the traffic main office on S V Road in Khar \"Based on a tip-off that the hotel staffers were running a prostitution racket, we laid a trap and arrested them. We have information about more such discotheques and we are keeping an eye on them,\" said assistant commissioner of police Vasant Dhoble. An event organizer allegedly arranging for clients is also under the police scanner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12944027", "title": "Man loses control of vehicle, hurts 2", "text": "MUMBAI: Two pedestrians were injured after a Skoda car reportedly hit them on Sunday in front of the Worli police station.The incident took place around 4.30pm when Worli resident Suresh Ranjan, an executive in a private firm, lost control over the vehicle and went on to hit Janu Chougule (62) and Yadnyast Parute (10). The vehicle then rammed into the divider before it stopped. Chougule and Parute suffered injuried on arms and legs. Ranjan was arrested from the spot of accident.The injured were rushed to a nearby hospital. Doctors have said the victims are out of danger and will be discharged in a day or two.\"Ranjan owns the car. He has been booked for rash and negligent driving. He was arrested on Sunday night and was produced before a court on Monday. He has been released on bail,\" said Worli police senior inspector Dipak Pawar.Pawar said that initially they thought Ranjan was driving the car in an inebriated condition. \"However, medical examination has confirmed that Ranjan was not drunk. He confessed that he lost control over his vehicle that led to the incident,\" he added.Ranjan, in his statement, said that the incident occurred minutes after he stepped out of his Worli residence to meet his friends.Police have seized Ranjan's car to conduct technical tests in order to get details of the cause of the accident. \"The test will be carried out by regional transport office (RTO) officials. Based on the report, further steps will be taken,\" said the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12946049", "title": "Blast sets cops on trail of explosives", "text": "CHENNAI: A combing operation is on across the state to check misuse of explosive material. Operation X-ray, which began on April 23, will go on till May 3.This follows a bomb blast near an ATM at Uthangarai near Krishnagiri on March 7. Srinivasan, 23, of Singarapettai, who was working in the Army, was killed and his associates Ramamurthy, 18, Viji, 22, and Sakthivel, 22, were arrested. They planned to trigger the blast when cash was being loaded and loot the money after officials were scared away but the blast occurred prematurely, police said.As per instructions of director-general of police K Ramanujam, teams have been assigned to check if the licensed explosives dealers in the state were complying with norms under the Explosives Act and the Explosive Rules.\"We are checking warehouses and stone quarries. The operation will help detect movement of explosives across the state,\" inspector-general of police (internal security) Abash Kumar said TOI.Inquiries revealed that explosives like gelatin sticks and detonators used in quarries can only be procured and handled by those with a special government licence. \"We are checking if the procured explosives are being used for the stated purpose. Many detonators procured from licensed depots are diverted and sold illegally,\" a police officer said.As per rules, those with licences for possession, sale or use of explosives should maintain records in the prescribed form for receipt of explosives and their sale.Besides checking the sales transactions, Checks will also be done on buyers, police said.Each team, led by a deputy superintendent of police, has been instructed to initiate criminal action wherever a rule violation is noticed and forward it to the appropriate authority for suspension of licence. The consolidated report, to be submitted to DGP Ramanujam after the 10-day operation, will include number of godowns checked, number of transactions verified, criminal cases initiated and the number of proposals initiated for suspension of licence, police sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12948141", "title": "Karthi shaking legs in hot Chennai", "text": "Kathi is currently shooting for his forthcoming film Alex Pandian being directed by Suraaj. The actor is now all set to shake legs in hot summer with his lead lady Anushka in Chennai.The handsome actor is planning to release his just wrapped film Saguni that was directed by Shankar Dayal with Praneetha as his love interest. Meanwhile Karthi has started shooting for his next Alex Pandian, which has started rolling on 11-11-11. Latest on it is that, the star actor is dancing on the roads of Chennai with Anushka, for the songs composed by Devi Sri Prasad, which is being captured by Saravanan.Alex Pandian also casts Santhanam, Nikhita, Sanusha, top model Milind Sonam and Suman in the pivotal roles. K.E.Gnanavel Raja is producing Alex Pandian under his Studio Green Films that will have editing by Praveen K. L. &amp; N. B. Srikanth.Souce: way2movies.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12945515", "title": "\u2018We are paying for once being with him\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Much water has flown under the bridge since February 24, 2000. The four people convicted along with Abu Asim Azmi for a provocative speech the Samajwadi Party leader made at Mastan Talao, Nagpada, have long parted ways with him.Waqarunnissa Ansari, Lalbahadur Singh, Ehsanullah Khan and Ali M Shamsi now say they are being punished for once being with Azmi.Ansari, then a Samajwadi Party corporator, quit the party later and joined the Congress. Now, she is a corporator from ward number 222. Though a firebrand speaker, Ansari said she did not speak that day. \"I didn't speak anything at that meeting . I don't know why I have been convicted.\"She said Azmi had failed to appear at a few hearings due to his political engagements , and that may have gone against them all.Singh, an SP worker then, is now with the NCP. Khan was an SP corporator at the time, but later joined the NCP. Shamsi, a soft-spoken , social worker, was and is associated with several NGOs. He said he was never with the SP. Among the NGOs he was then associated with, is the Dongri-based Khair-e-Ummat Trust, which works for the education and medical treatment of the underprivileged. The trust has a sub-committee for Muslim parents called Tanzeem-e-Walidein . Shamsi is associated with this too. \"As a social worker, I am invited to several programmes. That day I was at Azmi's rally as a social worker,\" Shamsi said.On his part, Azmi says he was only countering the \"anti-Muslim\" steps of the then government. \"Notices were being sent to mosques by the police, who wanted to know if terrorists visited there,\" he said. \"That day I said... that communal riots might break out if sentiments of one community continued to be hurt.\" He asked rhetorically why strong action was not taken against Shiv Sena supremo Bal Thackeray and MNS leader Raj Thackeray for their provocative statements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12944704", "title": "Curbs on cotton export eased, small gains to farmers", "text": "NAGPUR: Even though government has finally opened cotton exports banned last month, traders say the resulting jump in prices may not be enough to please the farmers. Cotton farmers of the region have always been affected due the low price for the crop. The ban on exports made it worse with rates plummeting close to minimum support price (MSP).As news about the decision spread across the markets by Monday afternoon, rates of lint (processed cotton), firmed up by around Rs 1000 a candy (365 kgs), and raw cotton prices only grew by a couple of hundred trading in the range of Rs 3800 to 4000 per quintal.As there will be clarity only after the details are out by Tuesday, sources say deals have come to a standstill with both traders and cotton growers preferring to wait and watch. Sources in the trade do not expect rates for raw cotton to go beyond Rs 4200, still below what farmers say is break even point. Farmers have been demanding minimum support price of Rs 6000 a quintal so as to earn a reasonable profit.\"Opening of Indian exports will bring down international rates due to sudden rush of supply. Though domestic market will see a little firming up immediately, the bearish trend internationally will ultimately rein in the prices in India too,\" said a broker operating for a Mumbai-based export house. China is the major buyer of Indian cotton as it is priced lowest in global market. Rates of lint for China contract have seen a jump of Rs 800 to Rs 34,200 a candy. He was skeptical about the prices of raw cotton going beyond Rs 4200 or so per quintal in long term.Over 15 to 20% of farmers have held on to their stocks hoping for a higher rate. However, the current trend seems to be only benefiting traders and ginners who will profit out of the boom as farmers can only expect a marginal rise in rates, said a source engaged in cotton purchase for a textile firm.Farm activist Kishore Tiwari said that Rs 4200 a quintal will not earn a profit for the farmers. The MSP should be raised to Rs 6000 a quintal, he added. This year the production is lower in Maharashtra despite the total land under cotton cultivation having gone up. Meanwhile, Ravi Agrawal, a cotton trader from Amravati, said raw cotton prices had jumped by around Rs 400 there and around 20 to 25% farmers who had held on to their stocks would be benefited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12945006", "title": "CBI to close probe against Arun Shourie in 2G case", "text": "NEW DELHI: Almost 16 months after the Central Bureau of Investigation registered a preliminary enquiry into 2G spectrum allocation during the tenure of telecom ministers since 2001, the agency has decided to close the probe against senior BJP leader Arun Shourie as it has not found any irregularities during his tenure.Highly placed CBI sources told TOI, \"The PE against Arun Shourie will be closed in a day or two. We had examined Shourie and several documents related to his ministry but we did not find anything.\"The agency has filed two cases in connection with alleged irregularities in allocation of spectrum since 2001 - during the tenures of late BJP leader Pramod Mahajan and DMK leader Dayanidhi Maran.Investigations into the PE, which was registered in January 2011, have been completed. During its probe, CBI checked the allocation of spectrum during the NDA regime when Mahajan and Shourie were telecom ministers (from 2001 to 2003) and during UPA government when Maran was minister from 2004 to 2007.The purpose of the PE was to investigate whether the principle of \"first-come first-served\" for granting spectrum licences was followed by jailed telecom minister A Raja's predecessors or not. CBI sources said they \"scrutinized the minutes of meetings held by Shourie, observations made by Justice Shivraj V Patil Committee and examined the appropriateness of telecom policies between 2001 to 2003 and later\". However, the agency did not find anything and will inform the court soon about closing the probe against Shourie.As part of the investigations, the agency had examined Shourie, then telecom secretary Vinod Vaish and former finance minister Jaswant Singh as he was heading the group of ministers (GoM) on limited mobility and unified licensing during the NDA regime.In this PE, the CBI has registered two cases - one against Dayanidhi Maran and his brother Kalanithi Maran and the second against former telecom secretary Shyamal Ghosh and three private cellular companies for irregularities in awarding additional spectrum during late Pramod Mahajan's tenure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12943745", "title": "Duke of York to visit Mumbai tomorrow", "text": "MUMBAI: The Duke of York, Prince Andrew , will visit Mumbai on May 2 to forge stronger UK-India ties.The duke, who began his six-day visit to India on Monday, will visit the Western Naval Command and the Dhirubhai Ambani International School during his Mumbai trip. He will also meet leading members of the financial capital's business community.He will also travel to Kohima , Nagaland, to visit the Commonwealth War Graves Cemetery. The duke will visit Infosys and Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd in Bangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12944167", "title": "Township residents want meet with police", "text": "KOLKATA: Since the Bidhannagar police commissionerate was formed earlier this year, the police have been urging people to dial 100 whenever there is a crime. The police have gone around assuring that this was the best way to get help during an emergency. But when the Dablas needed help the most, in the wee hours of Monday, the helpline allegedly let them down.Surinder Singh Dabla says that he dialed 100 twice after the robbers left, around 3:25am, but it was only around 4am that the police came to his house. What's even strange, the police apparently asked if he wanted to have a van sent over to his house. Dabla's next-door neighbours Vivek and Snigdha Dey said that their son had called up police at 3:19am on seeing the robbers but the police came around 3:45am. If the Deys' version is accepted, the police response was still late.The police claim that they arrived within 10 minutes of getting the call, but the fact is that the robbers were in the house for more than 20 minutes and then walked out well before the first responders arrived.Eyewitnesses say the gang escaped through a lane towards the footbridge that connects Lake Town. It's barely 100 metres from the Dablas' house but there were no policemen on foot or a mobile patrol to intercept them. \"We are feeling very insecure. This could happen to us also,\" said Snigdha.This is not the first time that the 100 helpline was a letdown. In July last year,Last year in July, an 88-year-old woman choked on her gag and died as her daughter-in-law's calls to 100 went unanswered after a robbery at their Ultadanga flat. The calls did not go through to the Kolkata police headquarters at Lalbazar. It was later found out that even if the call had gone through, it would have been answered by a policeman in Salt Lake, informing the caller that the area was not in their jurisdiction.Salt Lake residents say that Monday's robbery in AD Block proves that nothing has changed in the township after the commissionerate was formed. It is still an open field for criminals. The Bidhannagar police have often promised to increase the number of mobile patrols at night but residents say there is no visible change.A series of robberies and burglaries had rattled the township last year - the most striking of them being an audacious dacoity in CF Block and two robberies at Purbachal. The police had nabbed an inter-state gang involved in the CF Block robbery. The spate of crime hastened the setting up of a separate police commissionerate. For a few months, things seemed to have improved but snatchers have started striking in the last few weeks.Residents say they are still feeling insecure as before. The police used to conduct some block-level interactions with residents but the system has been stopped. \"The new police commissionerate may have taken some administrative decisions but we are yet to see any change in the security arrangements. Precautionary measures are yet to be taken. The police may need some more time to adjust. There is a need for interaction between the police and residents. The block-level meetings should be revived,\" said Bidhannagar Welfare Association general secretary Kumar Shankar Sadhu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12944376", "title": "Chidambaram bats for NCTC ahead of CMs\u2019 meet", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ahead of the May 5 meeting of chief ministers, home minister P Chidambaram on Monday raised the pitch for setting up of the National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC), arguing that such a body would help deal with hostage situations in a better way.Pointing to the recent high-profile abductions in Naxal-affected areas, Chidambaram said, \"I think in the medium to long term, an NCTC would help us deal with such a situation in a better way.\"Asked about the role of such a body in hostage situations like the abduction of Sukma district collector Alex Paul Menon, Chidambaram said, \"We should have the NCTC in the first place. Then, we should allow it to build capacity and lay out its own standard operating procedures (SOPs) and gain experience.\"His remarks come at a time when the home ministry is awaiting the outcome of the chief ministers' meet on NCTC on May 5. Though the ministry has sent two draft SOPs to states clarifying all the points of the February 3 'notification' of the anti-terror body, officials here are not sure whether it would be enough to pacify the protesting chief ministers who think the powers to be vested in the body would hurt the federal structure of the country and curb states' powers.While one draft SOP is related to the working of NCTC under 'powers' given to it, the other one deals with its functioning through the mechanism of 'standing council' having representations from all the states.Sources said the ministry, after hearing chief ministers, may go for some amendments in the 'notification', but it would not dilute the powers given to NCTC for 'operational' reasons. The changes will, in fact, be in the 'wording' of the official notification so that it does not look like giving states a peripheral role in the fight against terrorism.\"Re-phrasing of sentences in the notification may be done to dispel an impression of 'unilateralism' -- the point which drew severe criticism from many states' representatives during a meeting on NCTC on March 12,\" an official said.Chidambaram on Monday said the draft of the two SOPs circulated to the states would allay apprehensions of chief ministers. \"I think if the chief ministers will read (the SOPs), I believe they will read, much of the doubts will be dissolved and at the (May 5) meeting... if they have any suggestion on the SOPs, we are willing to listen to those suggestions, incorporate as many as possible,\" he said.The home minister said the central government would make it clear that fighting terrorism was a shared responsibility of both central as well as state governments.Asked about the proposed amendment in the Border Security Force (BSF) Act, the home minister said he had written to chief ministers who did not respond earlier when he asked for comments on the proposal.\"Some chief ministers have begun to respond. I have explained to them that the bill does not touch Section 139, which confers powers. That section is intact, not a word is added to that section. All that is being done is since the Act restricts the deployment of BSF in border areas and since now we are obliged to deploy in interior districts, we added border areas and some other areas.\"That is the only change the bill seeks to make. So, we have explained to them in a detailed letter and I expect that the chief ministers will respond to that letter. Once the letters come, we will again take up the bill in the Rajya Sabha,\" he said.During the first part of the budget session, the BSF (Amendment) Bill was deferred in the Rajya Sabha after the opposition and outside supporters of UPA -- SP and BSP -- flagged 'federal issues' and insisted that the bill be brought after the chief ministers' meeting on internal security.Asked whether the Centre was considering to frame a hostage policy to deal with Maoists, Chidambaram said the government must think about this when it was not facing an actual hostage situation. \"I think the home secretary has sounded out his counterparts in the states that we should have a hostage policy but that can be taken up only when the current hostage situation (in Chhattisgarh) is resolved,\" he said.On whether anti-Naxal operations in Chhattisgarh had slowed down in the wake of recent abductions, Chidambaram said, \"At least in Odisha and Chhattisgarh, anti-Naxal operations have slowed down or put on hold pending the resolution of the hostage situation. When there is a hostage situation, certainly some things slow down.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "12943558", "title": "MLA\u2019s \u2018illegal\u2019 building to be demolished", "text": "GUNTUR: The Guntur Municipal Corporation (GMC) is getting ready to demolish parts of the palatial house constructed by Congress legislator Mastan Vali in violation of the building norms. \"Notices have been readied and would be served to him anytime now,\" confirmed a senior official at GMC.As per the notice, the legislator would be asked to demolish the illegal portions within 72 hours of receiving it from the GMC. \"The GMC workers will bulldoze the illegal portions of the structure if the owner does not relent,\" warned a town planning official. With municipal administration minister M Maheedhar Reddy expressing his inability to intervene in the matter, Mastan Vali rushed to the chief minister's office. However, he could not meet the CM as the latter had gone to Delhi to finalise the candidates for the coming byelections. \"In fact, no senior minister, including the chief minister, can do anything at this stage as it is a clear violation of building regulations,\" observed a senior official.Technically, the building plan was obtained in the name of the MLA's wife Rabia Bi for G+1 floor but the MLA went on to construct G+4 floors in an extent of 460 square yards. Since it is not possible to give exemption to the violator, the government may now amend the act to save the legislator, observed advocate A Sanjeeva Reddy.\"In such case we will file a PIL in the court. We will fight the illegality even if the GMC fails to bulldoze the structure soon after the expiry of the notice period as it would give wrong signals that some people are above the law,\" pointed out Reddy.Sources said senior officials in the MA&UD; department suggested to the minister not to intervene in the issue as it could attract the ire of the court. Under pressure from the MLA, city planner Dhanunjaya Reddy went on leave to avoid signing on the notices. Sources said the town planning officials took the file to commissioner K Sudhakar for clearance.Suspecting foul play, Sudhakar directed the officials to issue notices with the signature of the competent official (city planner) to make the notice valid. He felt that appending his signature on such notices would only give the violator to challenge the order in the court and get relief. The city planner is expected to return to duty on Tuesday and notices would be issued immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12943070", "title": "Trinamool, CPM members slug it out in House", "text": "NEW DELHI: Trinamool Congress and CPM members on Monday traded charges in Parliament over political killings, human rights violations and attacks on civil society with both blaming each other for excesses.Trinamool MPs started off by alleging human rights violations in West Bengal , and blaming rival CPM for political killings and unearthing of mass graves in the state. This sparked off heated exchanges, and gave CPM an opening to rake up issues like attacks on civil society for forwarding cartoons and keeping a scientist in jail or banning of newspapers by the Mamata Banerjee government.Raising the issue during zero hour, Kunal Kumar Ghosh (TMC) said human skeletons were found in mass graves in West Bengal. \"All these people, who were supporters of Trinamool Congress, were killed by the former government... what was the role of the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) then,\" Ghosh asked, demanding to know how many of these cases were investigated by the rights panel. He said 203 cases of human rights violations had taken place between June and December 2010 in Jungle Mahal area during the previous regime.The remarks by Ghosh, a first time Rajya Sabha member, drew angry protests from CPM MPs including Sitaram Yechury and Tapan Kumar Sen after which P J Kurien, who was in the chair, directed Ghosh not to level allegations.Amid protests from CPM members, he laid on the table of the House a photo purportedly depicting one such grave. Kurien, however, objected to it saying \"you being a first time member should adhere to discipline\" and ruled that he had not permitted Ghosh to lay a copy of the photo on the table and forced him to withdraw it. His colleague took away the photograph but displayed it in the House and demanded a probe.Outside Parliament, Sen mocked TMC saying, \"Trinamool may be involved in the mass killings and skeletons. During zero hour, only current issues can be raised. I wonder how they raise an issue 11 months old. During our 34 years of rule, we did not curb fundamental rights to express opinions... Our government has gone for 11 months now. Skeletons are sub-judice matter. A professor is put in jail for sending a cartoon, a TMC leader throws a jug at a teacher, there is rape and killing of our workers...\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12944758", "title": "State has potable water supply till June 28: Parrikar", "text": "MARGAO: Taking cognizance of complaints on water scarcity faced in several parts of South Goa, chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Monday held deliberations over the water supply situation in the district with senior officials of the PWD at the South Goa collectorate, Margao.Addressing mediapersons after the meeting, Parrikar reassured that there was no shortage of potable water in the state and that the state had enough water to last until June 28.He observed that the problems being faced by residents of certain areas in South Goa were on account of \"water thefts\" and that he has directed officials of the PWD's water supply department to rein in the culprits.Police complaints will be lodged against those who are indulging in pilferage of water, Parrikar told reporters.The chief minister also took serious note of frequent puncturing of water pipelines by the electricity dept and sewerage corporation to lay or repair cables and directed the officials to take immediate measures to put an end to it. Stating that the problem lay in lack of coordination between the two agencies, Parrikar instructed them to take prior approval from the district collector for digging of roads.Replying to a query from a mediaperson, Parrikar said that the proposed airport at Mopa was essential taking into consideration the increased tourist flow into Goa in the future, even as he assured that the Dabolim airport would be retained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12944611", "title": "Rare grey headed lapwing spotted in Amravati", "text": "NAGPUR: The grey headed lapwing, a very rare bird which appears on the list of critically endangered birds, was spotted at Malkhed reservoir near Amravati by a group of bird watchers recently.Members of Wildlife and Environment Conservation Society (WECS), Gajanan Wagh, Nandkishor Dudhe, Kiran More , Jayant Wadatkar and Alkesh Thakre sighted the single grey headed lapwing in Amravati. Grey headed lapwings mainly breed in China and Japan, and then migrate to Malaysia and Philippines through India's north-east and Bangladesh . They feed on insects found in marshy areas.The bird rarely takes such a long detour from its path to pass through Central India. \"Last time, a grey headed lapwing was sighted in the area was four years back in Gondia,\" said Nandkishor Dudhe. At that time too, it was a single bird.\"We have not found any particular reason for the bird to have come this way or for it being a single bird both the times. It must have lost its way and wandered about this lake, where it can feed,\" said Jayant Wadatkar, secretary, WECS.He also informed that when the bird was last sighted in Gondia, they had tried to find the reason behind it. \"No concrete reason was found, and we didn't find any changes in the migration pattern of the bird. For the next few years they were not sighted again. It was just a one off sighting, and I believe this sighting too is one such lucky accident,\" Wadatkar said.According to bird watchers, the Malkhed reservoir near Pohra Malkhed forest is a hot spot for bird watching. Earlier too, a number of rare birds like the sociable lapwing, another critically endangered bird have been sighted here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12944860", "title": "Quota in promotion brings Maya, Punia on same side", "text": "LUCKNOW: They accused each other of indulging in acts of corruption and traded verbal barbs during the 2012 Uttar Pradesh elections. However, on Monday, Bahujan Samaj Party chief Mayawati and Congress MP PL Punia came together on on the issue of reservation in promotions, which was recently quashed by the Supreme Court. While Mayawati argued the case in Rajya Sabha, PL Punia took up the issue in Lok Sabha.Punia, while referring to the SC judgment, asked the government to seek a clarification from the apex court by moving a writ petition. He said that the SC verdict has \"created confusion\" in regard to the grant of reservation in promotions to higher government posts.On the other hand, Mayawati, while raising a question in Rajya Sabha asked the government to bring in a constitutional amendment during the current session of the Parliament to make the SC ruling ineffective. She also argued to put the amendment under schedule 9 of the constitution, which protects the laws that are otherwise contrary to the constitutionally guaranteed fundamental rights. She also appealed to other political parties to support the cause.Political observers, however, view Mayawati's attempt as the one to push the cause of dalits in the Centre's court. \"It is now more of a political compulsion for Punia to take up the issue, otherwise wrong message will go amongst the dalits,\" said political observer, JP Shulka.This is for the first time after her defeat in the UP assembly polls that the BSP chief is trying to consolidate its vote bank, which suffered a major setback when the apex court on April 27 upheld the high court order of January 2011 that quashed Mayawati government's policy of reservation in promotions.It is also important for the Congress which has a stake in the dalit vote bank. Both would like to consolidate it before 2014 when Lok Sabha elections are due.A former bureaucrat, Punia has been close to Mayawati during her previous stints. He was in fact her principal secretary in 1995 when she became UP chief minister for the first time. The relationship between Mayawati and Punia got strained when the Supreme Court ordered a CBI inquiry into the Taj Heritage corridor case in 2002. The CBI had also raided the residence of Punia apart from other officials and BSP leaders, including Mayawati.It was only in November last year that Mayawati had reopened the enquiry against Punia on charges of fake loaning and violating the rules and regulations to favour some, when he was the managing director of PICUP. Punia had responded by saying that he was being targeted as part of a larger malicious political design of Mayawati.In January, Punia accused the BSP boss of \"cheating\" dalits. A Congress MP from Barabanki and chairman of National Commission for Scheduled Castes (NCSC), Punia, in fact, had alleged that the dalit community was facing \"maximum\" exploitation and harassment under Mayawati regime. The BSP president got to chance to attack Punia in February when a hand of a dalit worker was chopped off by an upper caste farmer in Hisar (Haryana) after the labourer took water from a water pot. Mayawati was quick to demand P L Punia's resignation from the post of chairman, NCSC, taking moral responsibility for the incident. She had then said that Punia was indulging in drama and that he has failed in controlling atrocities against dalits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12943449", "title": "CMC Colony unable to claim basic amenities", "text": "COIMBATORE: \"We are living like animals here without any basic amenities. We don't have drinking water connection and have to rely on tanker water supply that is brought to us once in 15 days,\" said R Thangamani, a resident of CMC colony in Neelikonampalayam near Singanallur in the city.As many as 300 families have been residing here for the last 30 years and have been demanding patta for their property. The district administration seemed to have woken up to their pleas after a group of residents including women barged into the district collectorate on Monday demanding the intervention of district collector M Karunagaran to solve their grievances at the earliest.\"We met the collector and he has assured that our petition will be taken for consideration and steps will be taken to improve our living conditions,\" said D Balraj, a residents.The colony located near Chettiar Thottam is devoid of basic amenities and residents are literally living right next to a huge heap of garbage as the entire area does not have proper waste disposal facility. The residents have been repeatedly submitting petitions to the district administration to grant them patta to their land which could be utilised to apply for basic amenities.The colony does not have drinking water connection and residents have to rely on tanker water which is made available once in 15 days.\"Surviving on a few pots of water for two weeks is very difficult. We have to rely on buying water from outside to meet our daily needs,\" said C Jeyakumar, another resident.Following the protest at the district collector's office, officials from the taluk office visited the colony and have started compiling the list of residents and other personal details. The local corporation councillor told TOI that a proposal has been sanctioned to install two drinking water supply points in the periphery of the colony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12944972", "title": "Court raps Delhi Police in cash-for-vote scam", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court, hearing the 2008 cash-for-vote scam case, on Monday pulled up Delhi Police for the delay in supplying the transcript of the CD of the sting operation to the accused.Special judge Sangita Dhingra Sehgal questioned the police for delay in handing over the copy of the transcript to the accused, and directed them to supply it by May 8.Former BJP MP and co-accused Faggan Singh Kulaste also accused police of flouting the directions of the Supreme Court to trace the source of money used to allegedly bribe some MPs ahead of the 2008 confidence vote in Lok Sabha. The apex court had last year directed the agency to trace the source of money, while refusing to monitor the probe.\"It is unfortunate that Delhi Police has chosen to stop further investigation to find complete trail of money or the real beneficiaries and have failed in their public duty in spite of clear directions of the Supreme Court,\" Kulaste's counsel Anil Soni said in an application moved before the court. He also alleged that the police \"has chosen not to probe or reveal the call details of S P Gupta, Aman Arora and Lovely Singh although co-accused Sohail Hindustani has categorically stated that they were instrumental in introducing/ conversing with senior leaders of the Congress (especially Ahmed Patel) to make a deal to pay BJP 'venerable' MPs to vote in favour of the UPA\".Kulaste demanded the voice identification of Congress leader Ahmed Patel to trace the source of money, saying, \"co-accused Ashok Argal has categorically stated that co-accused Amar Singh had made them talk to Patel on July 22, 2008, before the delivery of Rs 1 crore over phone\". Pointing at the man in the yellow shirt as seen in the controversial CD, he said it could be seen that he had actively used his cellphone to contact Amar Singh from Argal's house but the police has not tried to trace him.\"If he is not traceable, it can be inferred he is murdered so that trial of money could not be established and the source of money remains a secret forever,\" he alleged.He also said that the \"news channel involved in the incident ought to have been inquired into for not airing the video recording immediately\". The other aspect, he claimed, has deliberately not been investigated by the police is that according to the second chargesheet 19 MPs from various political parties cross-voted in favour of the UPA.\"In such circumstances, it could safely be presumed that trail of money of this case could lead to larger conspiracy of rampant corruption adopted by UPA government to save itself in the same manner,\" he said. The police has to file its reply on the application on May 10.On July 22, 2008, some BJP MPs had waved wads of currency notes on the floor of Lok Sabha during the trust vote faced by the UPA-I government, claiming they were given the sum to vote in favour of the Manmohan Singh government. Samajwadi Party's former general secretary Amar Singh, BJP leader L K Advani's former aide Sudheendra Kulkarni, BJP MP Argal, two ex-party MPs Kulaste and Mahabir Singh Bhagora along with Amar Singh's former aide Sanjeev Saxena and alleged BJP activist Suhail Hindustani are accused in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12945701", "title": "Bruhat Bengaluru Mahanagara Palike trips on spillover works every year", "text": "BANGALORE: If you are a resident of Rajmahal Guttahalli , have you wondered why the work on a referral hospital never started in your locality? If you live in Hongasandra , you must be wanting to know why the promised concrete roads didn't materialize.There are hundreds of such works, including construction of healthcare centres , referral hospitals, concrete roads, footpath development, storm water drains, railway over bridge ( ROB ) or railway under bridge (RUB) and rejuvenation of lakes, which the BBMP has been planning to do every year and the budgetary allocation for such works have been made in every year's budget. These are called spillover works.Every year BBMP thinks big and has an ambitious budget. But the economics of the budget are unsound: the big figures projected ride on the confidence of probable ' revenue. Since there is usually a huge gap between expectations and receipts, BBMP is forced to shelve some projects in the budget year. These projects, called spillover works, are taken up in the next budget. The full estimated cost of each such project is added in every year's budget , making the budget inflated.For example,the construction of a referral hospital in Rajmahal Guttahalli (ward number 64) is a spillover work in 2011-12 . This means that the idea to have this hospital was planned in the budget of 2010-11 but the project did not take off. It is worth Rs1 crore and has been allocated Rs1 crore again in 2011-12 . This results in inflated budget presentation in the consecutive years.It is also a part of current works, which means that the budget estimation for this project was not done properly and it is worth more. Hypothetically there could be two reasons for such a budget presentation . One being the BBMP was unable to start the project in the year it planned and so it became a spillover work for the next year and the whole amount estimated for it was allocated again in the next year. The second reason could be the cost escalation due to time overrun, which also indicates at the poor estimation of the officials and engineers for any work. BBMP seems to have not learnt any lesson. Instead of plugging revenue leaks, it takes the easy way out: halt works now and take them up next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12942963", "title": "Many hues of \u2018Indian Aussies\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: It was during his trip to New Delhi in 2009 that ace Australian photographer Michel Lawrence, intrigued by the many hues of the country, decided to capture the Indian community through his lens. After he went back, Lawrence spent a good 12 months studying and interacting with Indians who have made their home Down Under and came up with his latest series, 'Indian Aussies'. His body of work is currently on display at GVK One mall in Banjara Hills.The collection comprises 37 life-size portraits of Indians, from across ethnicities, living in different parts of Australia. The 'characters' in these frames are from varying age groups and professions -- chefs, businessmen, priests among others -- who have one thing in common, their identity. \"That's the most striking feature of this almost three-lakh member strong community here. Despite living in an alien country they continue to stay rooted to their traditions and culture,\" said the photographer speaking to TOI from Australia as he confessed that it was the Sikhs who fascinated him the most. \"They can be easily distinguished by their turbans,\" Lawrence said about the community that has a huge presence in Woolgoolga, situated on the north coast of New South Wales.His works have a Hyderabadi connection too. Among those featured in the series are two natives from the city, Shahid Syed and Ramaprasad Vemula, who moved to Australia in the late 1980s. Shahid currently runs an Indian fashion store in Melbourne while Ramaprasad is associated with the Carrum Downs Hindu Temple in the same city. So charmed is Lawrence by these `finds' that he now wants to return to India to further explore the state of Andhra Pradesh. \"I would want to go down south the next time I visit the country,\" the photographer, with a successful career spanning four decades, said.While many of the photographer's works have made it to renowned art galleries in the past, Lawrence decided to zero in on a mall this time to make his portraits more accessible to people. \"I wanted these pictures to be shown at a place where people gather in large numbers. I wanted the viewers to relate to these photographs,\" he said about his latest series, which he feels gives an `up close and personal' insight into the lives of some Indians who have blended beautifully with Australia albeit keeping their individualities intact. Apart from Indians, Lawrence has profiled several other communities (such as Africans) with his camera.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12943627", "title": "Riot-torn areas witness bandh again", "text": "HYDERABAD: Saidabad and Madannapet areas in the Old City, which witnessed communal clashes recently, remained partially closed on Monday in response to a bandh call given by the BJP as well as Muslim bodies to protest police atrocities on 'suspects.' The two areas remained peaceful amidst tight police bandobast.Kurmaguda division corporator Sahadev Yadav from the BJP and a group of twenty youths calling themselves Muslim Youth of Saidabad (MYS) had called for a bandh on the same day. A large number of shops, including pharmacies and business establishments along Saidabad main road, remained shut on account of the bandh. The Madannapet market remained closed. Citizens were alert as they feared getting caught in the crossfire between police and those who had called for the bandh.Observers noted that the bandh was called by the two groups on the same day so as to create confusion as to which group would take credit if the bandh were complete.K Satyanarayan, a bank employee and resident of Saidabad, said, \"The police deployment now reminds me of the curfew which was lifted only days ago. Though I don't think there will be any untoward incident, bandhs only disrupt normalcy.\"Corporator Sahadev Yadav said, \"The police picked up many innocent Hindu youths during and after the communal clashes. I have called for the bandh at a local level after consulting my party to protest this.\" MYS claimed that they had put up pamphlets in Madannapet market and spoken to vendors requesting them to close the market on Monday.The police took 15 people into preventive custody and released them later. Saidabad inspector Narsing Yadaiah said, \"Kurmaguda division corporator Sahadev Yadav along with fourteen others has been taken into custody. The area has remained peaceful with no acts of violence.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12945909", "title": "Mob lynches thief in Allahabad", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A 30-year-old thief identified as, Karan, a resident of Kajipur was allegedly beaten to death by an irate mob near Nayapurwa area under Kareli police circle in wee hours of Monday.Superintendent of police, city, Shailesh Kumar Yadav told TOI that a thief was caught red handed by the locals in wee hours of Monday and they thrashed him black him blue. When police came to know the incident, the police rescued the thief and hospilized him at srn hospital where he breathed his last. SP added that investigations are underway in this connection.Police said that a thief had entered the house of one Laxmi Devi with an intention of theft in the wee hours of Monday. However, when the family members noticed about the entry of the thief, they raised an alarm.Hearing sounds, the locals and neighbours assembled and caught him red handed. The locals thrashed him so severely that he became unconscious. On getting information, police rushedto the spot and hospitalized him at SRN hospital but he died during treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12943692", "title": "Indian railway catering and travel corporation offers fresh religious tour packages this summer", "text": "JAIPUR: After the success of Jaipur to Goa tour package organized by the Indian Railway Catering and Travel Corporation (IRCTC) in April, the organization is once again offering lucrative packages for those who wish to visit Shirdi, Mahakaleshwar, Omkareshwar and other pilgrim sites starting from the first week of May.The special 'Bharat Darshan' train will start from Jaipur on May 2. The package includes everything like train journey, boarding, site seeing and three times meals.About the Bharat Darshan trains departing from Jaipur, an official with the IRCTC said on Wednesday: \"The train departing on May 2 would take the passengers to Dwarka and Somnath. It is a 7-day package which costs Rs 3,591 per passenger and includes site seeing of the temples, stay in dharamshala, to and fro journey and three times meals.\"The next train will have an 11-day package and will take the passengers to Tirupati, Shirdi, Omkareshwar and Mahakaleshwar. \"This too would have the same facilities and the charges would be Rs 5,672 per passenger,\" the official added.Meanwhile, for the veterans eyeing the seven dhams of pilgrimage, there is a 12-day package by the corporation. \"It would be a trip to Omkareshwar, Mahakaleshwar, Dwarka, Somnath, Trimbakeshwar, Grishneshwar and one other,\" the official said.IRCTC had introduced a package for Jaipur to Goa in April which has been a hit and now they believe that 'pilgrimage package' would also fruitful.Meanwhile, the tour operators are giving various lucrative packages to the hill stations including Kullu Manali, Shimla and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12947712", "title": "Singers today are unlucky: Lata Mangeshkar", "text": "While the nightingale remains reticent about her unparalleled achievement, we have a heart-toheart with the voice of the nationYou had a knee surgery sometime ago. How are you coping?I am fine. My knee has stood up well to the surgery that I underwent. I keep going out. No problems as such.While you've had an illustrious career throughout, any milestone that stands out in memory?There are many but I would single out the song, Aye mere watan ke logon. Among recent endeavours, I am very pleased with the Gayatri mantra I have recorded. There is a pooja in my house once in 10-12 days. Every Hindu believes in the Gayatri mantra. It's a great feeling.Do you wish you were younger and singing more often? What is your take on the present-day music scenario?I am very happy as I am. I have no regrets. As for the music of today, is this music? There is no grief, no pain, no lullaby. I only listen to Pandit Ravi Shankar, Mehdi Hassan and Bade Gulam Ali Khan. And as for the singers, I consider them unlucky. In our time, lyricists and even directors used to guide us. There's no one to guide singers today.We hear Madhur Bhandarkar is using your Corporate song in Heroine while Sanjay Leela Bhansali wants you to sing in his next. And you are Yash Chopra's favourite.I don't have any clarity on Madhur's film yet. As for Bhansali, he has told me he has a few songs he wants me to consider. But he is clear he won't take an exception if I happen to say 'no'. However, I can't say 'no' to Yash Chopra.Is there any musician you desire to meet? On a different note, you've often praised Suresh Wadkar but he seems to have fizzled out...I would love to meet Pandit Ravi Shankar but he resides in the US. I don't know when I'll get to meet him. But we often chat on the phone. As for Suresh Wadkar, I am surprised filmmakers don't approach him much. But then he is still teaching.Who would you choose between Sunidhi Chauhan and Shreya Ghoshal?Sunidhi can sing all kinds of songs. And her voice and style have all the elements that Gen- Now hankers after. Shreya is good, but she is number two. Sunidhi is numero uno.What do you think of Sonu Nigam?He is good but he has a thin voice, which filmmakers must be matching with the actor he is lending his voice to. However that was the case in the olden days too.What do you think about Javed Akhtar championing the royalty cause?I have contracts promising royalty that were violated. Javed is not wrong. But it will be difficult to implement what he wants. People have become very smart. They don't part with money easily.Don't you want to shift to Bandra or Juhu like other celebrities?(Laughs) My house in Prabhu Kunj building has been very lucky for me. Everything has gone well for me ever since I started living there in 1960. Yes, I did lose my mother but unki umar bhi ho gayi thi. I just don't want to go beyond Worli ever. You know I did think of shifting sometime ago and bought a flat in Lower Parel. But on second thoughts, I gave it away to my sister Meena. I love Prabhu Kunj and Peddar Road.But now the government is hell bent on going ahead with the Peddar Road flyover, which you have always been against?This is just one question I don't want to answer.What about your house in London near the Lord's cricket ground?That belongs to a trust. They let me stay there whenever I go. I love to see cricket matches at Lord's. Frankly, I love to see cricket anywhere in the world. I am following IPL 5 too. I want Mumbai Indians to win but it's quite an open tournament at this stage.There must be people in your long-winding career who have hurt you but you've forgiven them?Such people must have had a reason to be upset with me. But I don't hold any grudges.Not even against those youngsters who recently vandalised your building walls with graffiti?Initially, I didn't know who had done the deed. Then my driver told me a group of youngsters, who are doing this almost everywhere, have done it. What can be the future of such people? Is this only what they do in life? Ishwar unhe maaf kare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12948367", "title": "Kamal Haasan\u2019s new film creates ripples in Hollywood", "text": "On Tuesday Kamal Haasan leaves for Los Angeles for a very special screening of his Hindi film Vishwaroop for a Hollywood denizen. Barrie M. Osborne the producer of 'The Lord Of The Rings', 'Matrix', 'Face/Off' and 'Dick Tracy' will be viewing Kamal Haasan's Hindi film 'Vishwaroop'.Says a source, \"The Hindi and Tamil bi-lingual 'Vishwaroop' and 'Vishwaroopam' had been shot extensively in LA. Much of special effects during post-production was also done in reputed Hollywood studios of LA. As news spread in and around the Hollywood studios that Kamal Haasan was working on a two-language adventure-thriller several big names from American cinema would drop in for a dekko.\"The screening for Barrie Osborne has been specially arranged for later this week. What really surprised Kamal Haasan is not so much that a big-name Hollywood producer like Osborne wanted to see his film, but the fact that Osborne seemed to know about the two different Tamil and Hindi versions of his film and asked particularly for one version to be screened.Says Kamal Haasan, \"Many experts from within the film fraternity in India seem to believe that I've shot only one version in Tamil and dubbed it into Hindi. Not true. We've shot two different versions of the film, 'Vishwaroopam' in Tamil is completely separate in language from 'Vishwaroop' in Hindi.\"Kamal Haasan confirms plans for an immediate sequel. \"We've shot some key action sequences for the sequel already. Scenes that required complicated procedures of permission for shooting at particular locations and for which the actors needed to make elaborate preparation have been done. I'd say we've got 15 percent of the sequel in place already. I'll shoot the remaining 85 percent of the sequel as soon as 'Vishwaroop' is released.\"The screening of 'Vishwaroop' in LA later this week will also be attended by one of Hollywood's top makeup artistes Michael Westmore. Oscar winning Westmore did all the styling and makeover for the 'Star Trek' series. A dear friend of Kamal Haasan he did the actor's makeup in 'Vishwaroop'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12945957", "title": "CM DV Sadananda Gowda slams Sonia Gandhi\u2019s drought visit", "text": "BANGALORE: CM DV Sadananda Gowda, who on Saturday said AICC president Sonia Gandhi's visit to a drought-affected village will help the government in getting more aid from the Centre, wanted to know how a 10-minute inspection would have helped her.\"Just by visiting a village for 10 minutes, the drought situation cannot be assessed. If Sonia was concerned about the plight of droughtaffected people, she should have announced on-the-spot assistance to the state,\" the CM and rural development and panchayat raj minister Jagadish Shettar said on Monday.He also termed her meeting with Siddaganga mutt seer Sri Shivakumara Swamiji \"politically motivated\" . On Saturday, the CM said the seer must have invited her to dispel the notion that mutts were being patronized by one party.Cabinet expansion\"The cabinet needs to be expanded as many portfolios are with me. I'll meet senior party leaders to get the green signal,\" Gowda said on the sidelines of inaugurating an underpass in Bangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12944472", "title": "Durgapur civic election date announced", "text": "KOLKATA: The state election commission on Monday issued notification for elections in the Durgapur Municipal Corporation, five other civic bodies - Dhupguri, Haldia, Panskura, Nalhati and the Coopers' Camp notified area, on June 3.There are 5,90,052 electors involving 129 wards where the civic elections will take place.The elections in Haldia, Panshkura, Nalhati are particularly interesting. Haldia municipality is for one, under the CPM - Laxman Seth's wife Tamalika Panda Seth as the chairperson of the municipality. But with Laxman Seth now in custody, the CPM is on the back foot and doubts are being raised whether the party would be able to field candidates in all seats.In Panskura, the municipality is under the Congress and Trinamool Congress, but the ties between the two parties are quite strained. Also, the local CPM MLA Amiya Shahu is also in custody, he was picked up along with Laxman Seth from Mumbai.In Nalhati, the local MLA is Abhijit Mukherjee, son of Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee. But here, the Congress and Trinamool Congress fight is very much out in the open now.The state election commission is taking tight security measures. Hence, it has appointed the reason why nine observers for 732 polling stations.With the issuing of the notification, the model code of conduct comes into effect immediately. The code of conduct is limited within the geographical area where the elections are held, and will remain into effect till the end of the election process.The last day for filing of nominations is May 7. and counting is on June 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12944892", "title": "SC terms Italy\u2019s agreement with witness and kin \u2018illegal\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: Italy's compromise deals with the families of killed fishermen and the lone eye-witness aboard the fishing vessel to bail out the arrested naval guards ran aground on Monday with the Supreme Court terming the agreement illegal and \"a direct challenge to the Indian legal process\".The Kerala government took a cue from the court's observations, which came during the hearing on a petition seeking release of Italian merchant vessel Enrica Lexie, and declared that it would challenge the legality of the Italian government's agreement with the kin of victims and the eye-witness.Marines Latorre Massimiliano and Salvatore Girone on board Enrica Lexie had on February 15 fired upon Indian fishing vessel St Anthony, killing fishermen Jelestine and Binki. On April 24, the Italian government entered into an agreement with Jelestine's wife Doramma and Binki's two sisters paying them Rs 1 crore each as compensation in return for the promise that they would not give evidence in the criminal case.Similarly, another agreement was signed between Freddy, owner of the fishing boat St Anthony and the lone eye-witness to the February 15 shooting incident. The Italian government paid Rs 17 lakh to Freddy, who has already turned hostile. Both these agreements were approved by a Kerala Lok Adalat.An apex court bench of Justices R M Lodha and H L Gokhale said it was astonished by the temerity of the agreement which went against Indian law. \"There cannot be an agreement not to give evidence in a case. Our law does not permit this and it is a prosecutable offence,\" it said.The court's remark that entering into such an agreement was a prosecutable offence could land the Italian government, the kin of the victims and the fishing boat owner in trouble. \"This (agreement) is a direct challenge to the Indian legal process. It cannot be permitted. It is an affront.\"If two parties agree to a term which is against the law, what was the legal aid authority doing? How can a court put its stamp of approval and become a party to such an illegal agreement? How can the lady (Doramma) be taken out of the case through illegal means? Can her mouth be shut by paying Rs 1 crore,\" the bench said.\"The manner in which the legal process is sought to be defeated pains us,\" the court said and wondered why the Kerala government had not challenged its legality in an appropriate forum. It said the agreement was also void under Section 20 of the Indian Contract Act.Section 20 provides that \"where both the parties to an agreement are under a mistake as to a matter of fact essential to the agreement, the agreement is void\".Attorney general G E Vahanvati said the Kerala government had jurisdiction to investigate the case as the Indian Penal Code applies to all crimes committed within 200 miles of the coast and law and order was a state subject.Former solicitor general Gopal Subramaniam, appearing for Kerala government, took over from the AG and pointed out the manner in which the Italian government was attempting to subvert the course of legal process. But when the court asked why the state has not challenged the agreement, Subramaniam said he has already advised the Oomen Chandy government which would soon take necessary steps.On the issue of release of the Italian merchant vessel, the Kerala government said it was not against it provided the ship's master and crew gave an undertaking to be present before the court or investigating agency as and when needed either for trial or for probe.The ship owner's counsel, senior advocate K K Venugopal, said the master could give guarantee for himself and other crew but not for the four other Marines. Italian government through Viplav Sharma refused to give an undertaking to produce the four Marines who were still on board Enrica Lexie.This made Venugopal threaten that the ship owner would disembark the four marines, who could then stay in Kochi under the hospitality arranged by the Italian government. \"We have already suffered a loss of Rs 200 crore worth business,\" he said.The court posted the matter for Tuesday asking the ship owner and the Italian government to sit together to find a solution to the contentious issue of securing the presence of the other four Marines as and when the trial or investigation demanded their presence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12943434", "title": "Langur dies of gastritis in Nehru zoological park", "text": "HYDERABAD: A Nilgiri Langur died at the Nehru Zoological Park on Monday. Officials said that the endangered mammal was brought from Arignar Anna Zoological Park, Chennai, about five years ago. Aged about 10 years, the female primate was found dead in the 'night house.' There were no signs of external injuries on its body.A postmortem was conducted by veterinary doctors from the zoo park and scientists from LaCONES. The examination revealed that the death could have occurred due to severe gastritis.The viscera samples were collected and sent to Veterinary Biological and Research Institute and LaCONES for further investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12942862", "title": "Haridath death case: CBI officers turn whistleblowers", "text": "KOCHI: What transpired between ASP P G Haridath and inspectors S Unnikrishnan Nair and K K Rajan of the CBI in the 11 months, from March 2011 to March 2012, which had made Haridath mention their names in the suicide note reportedly written by him?Even as Crime Branch is trying to unearth the mystery surrounding the death of Haridath, who allegedly committed suicide by hanging from the attic of his ancestral home on March 15, 2012, Times of India has accessed the confidential report prepared by Haridath, who evaluated the performance of K K Rajan as his team member in probing the Palakkad Sampath custodial death case.As per the confidential report prepared on March 3, 2011, Haridath rated \"Rajan as a very good officer who maintained integrity and sincere in his work\".Both Rajan and Unnikrishnan were part of the investigation team led by Haridath, which probed the custodial death case. Rajan and Unnikrishnan were transferred to Guwahati and Kolkata, respectively after their names figured in Haridath's suicide note.The two inspectors, in an affidavit filed before the Central Administrative Tribunal (CAT) challenging their transfers, have turned whistleblowers and revealed the \"shady deals\" that transpired in the CBI in connection with the exoneration of the two IPS officers -- the then Palakkad SP Vijay Sakhare, and the then Thrissur range IG Muhammed Yasin -- from the list of accused in the Sampath custodial death case.As per their statement, it was after the advent of two senior CBI officials from New Delhi in the first week of April 2011 that things worsened in the investigation into the custodial death case. The two officers -- O P Gathotra and S K Peshin -- were appointed as supervisors by the CBI as per the Supreme Court order.Rajan and Unnikrishnan have revealed that after these two arrived on the scene, they were slowly eased out of the investigation for not budging to pressure, and taking a consistent stand that all those involved in the murder, including the high-ranking police officers, would be brought to justice.\"It cannot be denied that Haridath was forced to toe the line of the two superior officers, and systematically demolish the investigation he had so far carried out, and finally clear the two IPS officers involved,\" they have contended.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12945866", "title": "Burglary was a passion for this lone ranger", "text": "BANGALORE: A 28-year-old youth who sought to break new ground in committing burglaries was arrested and gold jewellery worth Rs 2 crore and silver articles weighing 4kg were recovered. G Sridhar, from Bidalapura in Devanahalli taluk operated alone. Armed with aliases like Anil Kumar , Srikanth and Venkataramu, Sridhar committed burglaries nonchalantly. For, he was not bothered about getting arrested.Everytime he was nabbed, Sridhar did not even seek bail he served his term in the jail and returned to what was both the means of his livelihood and passion: burglaries.Sridhar was on Monday remanded in judicial custody and sent to Parappana Agrahara Central Prison. He was released from the same place in July 2011 after serving five-odd years for 16 burglaries. After being released last year, Sridhar committed 14 more burglaries, including at Varun Jewellers in Domlur.\"He used to identify houses and shops during the day and strike at night or when the families were away,\" assistant commissioner of police (Ulsoor) N Narasimhaiah said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12943712", "title": "32 doctors convicted for violating foeticide law", "text": "MUMBAI: Thirty-two doctors have been found guilty of violating the anti-sex determination law across the state till March 12. In all, 314 cases have been lodged in various criminal courts for violation of the Pre-Conception and Prenatal Diagnostic Techniques (Prohibition of Sex Selection) Act, 2003, or PCPNDT Act.Two doctors in Mumbai were convicted by the Dadar metropolitan magistrate for advertizing sex-selection facilities. The doctors were fined Rs 30,000 and sentenced to three years' rigorous imprisonment.In 34 cases, decoys were used to expose those who carried out sex-determination tests and 14 doctors were subsequently convicted. The doctors have appealed against the orders of the lower courts. Nearly 215 cases have been filed for non-maintenance of records.In 14 cases in Pune, doctors were fined by the Junior Magistrate First Class for non-registration of sonography machines.The 2011 census shows that the general child sex ratio has improved from 922 to 925 females for every 1,000 males. In the 0-6 age group, this has deteriorated from 913 to 883. According to the health department, sex ratio of 952 is the expected average. \"Considering this sex ratio and comparing it with the child sex ratio of 2011 census, nearly 4,68,680 female foeticides have occurred,'' said an official.Though the maximum decline is in Beed, the situation in six other districts-Buldhana, Washim, Hingoli, Parbhani, Jalna and Jalgaon-is also worrisome. The tribal district of Gadchiroli has witnessed the minimum decline.Dr Jayesh Lele, secretary of the India Medical Association (Maharashtra) said, \"Only two of the 32 doctors convicted belong to the IMA. We have been advising doctors to fill forms and maintain records properly. Sometimes doctors are not aware that forms have not been filled properly. They must be given an opportunity to improve. Such harsh measures will not help the government to catch the real culprits.\"Dr Kishore Taori said, \"Many cases are old and a majority of doctors has been convicted for clerical errors such as improper filling of forms. Doctors are now taking paperwork more seriously. The real culprits are those who do not register their machines and carry out sex-determination tests.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12944553", "title": "Malaria is commonplace in our village during the monsoon", "text": "Cleanliness appears not to be next to godliness in the village panchayat of Rumdamol-Davorlim.Of the various woes that the locals face here, their most telling, they told TOI, are sanitation and garbage disposal.\"With the monsoon around the corner, it's just a matter of time before the drains start overflowing thanks to all the plastic and other wastes dumped everywhere,\" says resident Somnath Naik.He points out that in Housing Board, dominated by people from other states who live here mostly on rent, sanitation is a major issue. \"Waste from shops and other establishments in the area are blatantly dumped in drains that have now turned into breeding grounds for mosquitoes,\" says Naik.Resident Bashu Shab Mulki adds, \"Malaria is commonplace in our village during the monsoon.\"Dr Shashi Parker, health officer, Curtorim primary health centre-the panchayat falls under its jurisdiction-stresses that unhygienic living conditions in some parts of the village are a serious concern. \"Though the PHC has released over 25 notices not to dump waste in storm water drains, there has been no compliance,\" says Parker.He adds that the panchayat's large floating population could be carriers of various diseases and could pose a threat to the residents of surrounding areas, including nearby Margao city.Panchayat officials are quick to point out that work on the Navelim sewerage network, that also covers Rumdamol-Davorlim, is under way. Once it is completed all sanitation-related problems will cease to exist, they say.President of the BJP minority cell, Sheikh Jina, whose wife was the former sarpanch, claims, \"Political rivalry has taken its toll on the village... the ruling council neglected wards ruled by the opposition.\"He alleges that recently-ousted sarpanch Avita Chodankar was not concerned about addressing the sanitation problems and had neglected the collection of garbage from his ward and that piled up garbage behind Anjuman School in his area was proof enough.Refuting the allegations, Chodankar claims she \"addressed 99% of the village's problems\" during her tenure. She claims garbage management had been her topmost priority and that the process to acquire a composting unit for the village is under way.Panch Ulhas Tuyenkar adds, \"If the government can find us an open space to take care of our garbage the problem will be solved.\" Panch Damu Naik claims there's a water shortage in Rumdamol thanks to the rising number of residents.Summing up the woes, youth leader Aiyaz Sayed says, \"Villagers are demanding a solution to the garbage issue, the development of open spaces, the improvement of electricity supply by installing new transformers, action against illegal constructions and the expansion of the sewerage network system.\" Navelim MLA Avertano Furtado, who recently held an inspection and meeting with officials of various government departments about pre-monsoon works in the panchayat area, told TOI, \"People have told me about the drainages of Housing Board, Davorlim and other areas; how they've never been cleaned. I assured them I would get them cleaned before the monsoon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12943318", "title": "Secure hi-tech numberplates from today", "text": "NEW DELHI: The capital is getting secure. The transport department is making high security registration plates (HSRPs) mandatory for new vehicles from May 1. And for those who already own a car, the process will kick off on June 15. On Monday, the regional transport office in Burari installed the first HSRP in Delhi on a Swift Dzire owned by Jaswant Rai Agarwal.However, with only two HSRP centres operational at present, the department is hoping that the wait for the plates will not get out of hand. Officials said that the company entrusted with the task of executing the HSRP scheme, Rosmerta HSRP Ventures, has been given six days to get the secure number plates affixed on each car. Failure to stick to the deadline will result in the company getting penalized. In total, Delhi will have 14 centres, one at each RTO. \"The other centres will become operational within the next fortnight,\" added UR Kapoor of Rosmerta.New vehicle owners will have to go to the local RTO to get the registration number. The MLO (motor licensing officer) will issue an authorization slip to the owner, who will then approach the HSRP centre and pay the requisite amount to get the HSRP affixed. The centre will allot a date and time for installing the secure number plate to the owner. The vehicle owner will then come back to the HSRP centre on the date and time allotted to get the number plates fixed.\"The registration plates will be prepared in advance, so that when vehicle owners come to get them affixed, they can be installed with the snap lock in a jiffy. The entire process should not take more than a few minutes,\" said a government officials. That the process may not be as simple as the department is claiming was obvious on Monday when the HSRP centre at Burari saw a traffic jam as some new vehicles lined up to get the registration plates fixed. Added a government official, \"The problem will be finding space near the RTO in crowded areas like Sheikh Sarai and Janakpuri. The centres are not located within the RTO premises but nearby where space for parking vehicles and affixing the number plates is available,\" said the official.For vehicles which already have registration plates, the transport department will start the process of allotting new number plates from June 15. Sources said that ample time will be given to the owners to get the plates fixed. \"The city will have three years to completely switch over to the tamper-proof plates,\" added the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12944886", "title": "Minister suspends medical officer", "text": "LUCKNOW: Minister for medical and health Ahmad Hasan on Monday suspended Dr Sunil Rawat, incharge medical officer of Lakhimpur Kheri for his alleged involvement in financial irregularities. Rawat had been accused of transferring funds of the employees to other accounts, says an official release.Guv, CM greet people on eve of May Day: Governor BL Joshi and chief minister Akhilesh Yadav have greeted all the working class people, especially all journalists of the state on the occasion of May Day. The governor in his greeting message while wishing them a happy and prosperous life said that the May Day may bring all happiness in our life and pave way for a better future. Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav in his message said that May Day is a symbol of sacrifice, struggle and unity of the working class. He said that the government is very much sensitive to the interests of the working class and would take every possible step for their welfare and upliftment.Janta Darbar: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav will meet people and issue directives to the officials for solving their problems at the Janta Darbar to be held at his official residence 5, Kalidas Marg here on May 2 from 9.00 am to 11.00 am. The chief minister will meet MPs and MLAs at his official residence on May 1 from 9.30 am to 11.00 am.Brain awareness programme held: A brain awareness programme was organised at Regional Science City on Monday in collaboration with Indian Institute of Toxicology Research (IITR), Lucknow and National Brain Research Centre, Manesar (Haryana) to create public awareness about the progress and benefits of brain research. Prof (Dr) Mahdi Hasan, a renowned anatomist was the chief guest while Prof (Dr) Rakesh Shukla, professor department of neurology, CSMMU, Lucknow was the guest of honour on the occasion. Delivering a lecture on 'Know your brain', Prof Hasan informed that brain is a complex organ of a body which regulates all other organs systems. He explained about various characteristics of brain like nervous system, neurons etc and said that inactive brain reduces the intelligence. Dr Rakesh Shukla informed the students about diseases of the brain like epilepsy, dementia, Alzheimer and for prevention of these diseases he suggested to keep the mind active.World Asthma Day: Asha Parivar and National Alliance of People's Movements (NAPM) organised a programme on Monday on the eve of World Asthma Day which is observed every year on May 1. Speaking on the occasion, Dr Surya Kant, head, pulmonary medicine department, CSM Medical University, Lucknow said that according to the Global Asthma Report-2011: Asthma is the most common chronic disease among children and over 23.5 crore people around the world are affected by it which accounts for one in every 250 deaths worldwide. He said that India contributes to 10% of the global burden of asthma with around 2.4 crore of its population being asthmatic. Asthma is not curable, but it can be controlled and managed with existing medicines, he informed. Dr BP Singh, a chest specialist of the city said that most people were not aware about the disease and do not have access to healthcare facilities. He said that the ideal treatment for controlling asthma is inhalation therapy.Workshop held: Department of zoology, Lucknow University in association with Wildlife Preservation Organisation organised a workshop on 'vulture conservation awareness' on Monday. The workshop aimed at creating awareness regarding vulture conservation among the forest officials through talks and discussions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12943178", "title": "Govt for eco-friendly project in Mavoor", "text": "KOZHIKODE: A decade after the Gwalior Rayons plant at Mavoor was shut down due to the ecological damages it caused, protests have now erupted in the industrial town demanding an eco-friendly project in its place.In the wake of a 10-day-long relay satyagraha by 200 members of the local committee of the Indian Union Muslim League (IUML), industries minister P K Kunhalikkutty has said that a special officer to study the industrial prospects of the closed factory will be appointed.He said the demands of the protestors will be presented before the cabinet too. According to K A Khader, chairman of the satyagraha committee, a memorandum signed by over 10,000 local people will be submitted to the chief minister before the next cabinet meeting. \"Industrial development is essential for the growth of the region. Any industry that does not adversely impact the ecology will be welcomed by the public here,\" he said.Though Birlas, the industrial house that owns the closed factory, had earlier mooted the idea of an education city at the 316 acres of land, the government denied permission as it wanted the company to create more job opportunities. The special officer to be appointed is likely to suggest the Birlas to make changes in their proposal to suit the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12945320", "title": "Election commission asks ministers to mind their act during byelection", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Election Commission of India has urged the state ministers not to attend public functions en masse in the constituencies where bypoll has been declared.The commission has come out with this clarification as the model-code-of-conduct has been limited to just the constituencies and not to the entire district.The commission has also asked the ministers not to camp in circuit houses and guest houses for any official purpose. The commission said election observers are having a close look on the developments in constituencies and has warned that the model-code-of-conduct would be brought back to old shape.The commission had earlier amended the regulations and had made it clear that there will be regulation in the implementation of the schemes of MNREGA, extending relief and starting works in case of natural calamities, drought, flood, drinking water, digging of bore-wells, fodder, agricultural inputs and input subsidies to farmers, new developmental work including work under MPLAD, MLA and MLC LAD scheme, announcement and commencement of new projects, programme, concessions, financial grants, defacement of property, use of government property for campaign purpose, etc. shall be applicable only in respect of the areas falling in the assembly constituency going for bye-election and not to the entire district in which such constituency is situated.However, all other existing instructions of the commission on model-code-of-conduct on matters like tours of ministers, vehicles, advertisements, use of government guest houses shall continue to remain applicable to the entire district in which the constituency having the bye-election is situated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12945158", "title": "Museum on Shastri\u2019s life awaits government nod", "text": "VARANASI: The renovation work at the parental house (in Ramnagar) of former Prime Minister Lal Bahadur Shastri was completed in 2011 and it was thrown open for public. However, the construction of a museum in a building adjacent to the house is still awaited. The museum is meant to showcase the life and times of Shastri and would be promoted as a cultural and tourism site.Luv Kush Dwivedi, regional cultural officer and supervisor of the museum work (before he was transferred to Faizabad recently) said, \"The estimated cost of the project was about Rs 1.20 crore. An amount of about Rs. 1 crore was released for the purpose. However, since the government wanted to bring some modification in the project, it was delayed and the money meant for the museum was surrendered to the government in 2008.\"Since then the project has been pending at the government level, Dwivedi said, adding that the matter was pursued but the department was yet to get any nod from the government.The museum is to be constructed in the house where Shastri's uncle and his family used to reside. According to the officials, the collection of the articles related to Shastri, which will be kept in the museum, like original letters, articles and photographs through public advertisement, purchasing and from neighbours, relatives and friends is still to be done. According to newly appointed regional cultural officer, Dr Ratnesh Verma, these tasks would be tackled soon to ensure completion of the museum.At the same time, the promotion of Shastri's house as a tourist attraction is still awaited. In a day, only 5-6 people visit the parental house of Shastri, which lies in the vicinity of Ramnagar Fort, where hundreds of visitors arrive per day. This is an indication in itself of how poorly the destination has been promoted.\"Not many tourists know about its existence. Despite repeated efforts, the tourism department is yet to mention Shastri's house in the tourists' itinerary,\" said Luv Kush Dwivedi, regional cultural officer.In this connection, the regional tourism officer could not be contacted by the TOI despite several efforts.To note, Shastri's house was renovated by the cultural department at a cost of Rs 25.57 lakh. Fund worth Rs 15 crore was sanctioned in 2005 for renovation of the house and construction of the museum, apart from construction of Shastri Gate, Shastri Ghat, buying the ownership of the house, development of a park near Shastri house and various other works. The renovation work at Shastri's house was finally started on May 20, 2010, with the help of archaeological department. The house was opened for the general public on January 11, 2011.However, Shastri Ghat, along the Ganga, could not be developed due to the existence of a tortoise sanctuary in the 7km stretch of Ganga, between Ramnagar Fort and Rajghat, Dwivedi said.According to regional archaeological office, Subhash Yadav, \"A map of the house was created after researching about its original form from neighbours, relatives and studying old photographs of Shastri and his family at the house. The house has been built just like it was some 100 years ago. The cemented walls of the house have been plastered with cow dung, clay, husk and other materials to give it the original look.\"\"The house will soon be handed over to the archaeological department, UP , which will handle maintenance and conservation of the house. However, the plan is still in the pipeline and would be finalised by the ministry of Culture, UP,\" said Subhash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12944271", "title": "Airport Metro gets mobile connectivity", "text": "NEW DELHI: More than a year after the Airport Metro Express was launched by Reliance Infrastructure , the high-speed Metro service is now providing uninterrupted mobile connectivity. On Monday, the concessionaire said it would now offer full mobile coverage on the Airport line with major telecom companies planning to start services.Till now, only Reliance customers were able to use their phones on the 23-km corridor. Commuters using services of other service providers had, however, complained of connectivity issues, especially in the underground sections of the Airport Metro Express. Now, Vodafone, Airtel , Aircel and Idea will launch their services to provide uninterrupted mobile connectivity throughout the Airport Express line and its stations, an R-Infra spokesman said.The telecom infrastructure at Airport Metro Express stations and the corridor has been readied by Reliance, unlike other Metro operations where telecom service providers had to create the passive infrastructure, said the spokesman. \"A complete bouquet of RCom , Vodafone, Airtel, Idea and Aircel services will now be available at our stations and inside the train for the benefit of commuters,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12944501", "title": "Water meter plan deferred yet again", "text": "PUNE: The General Body (GB) of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) on Monday once again deferred the decision to introduce metered water supply for household consumers, even as municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak urged elected members not to further delay the initiative, which is pending since 2007.Earlier this month, deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar had asked mayor Vaishali Bankar and Pathak to initiate steps to introduce metered water supply for household consumers.Accordingly, the civic administration had tabled the proposal to introduce water meters before the GB for approval. However, all party corporators, except the ruling NCP, said they wanted to \"study\" the proposal. MNS corporator Kishor Shinde said, \"Defer the proposal as we want to study it\".A visibly agitated Mahesh Pathak asked, \"How long will you take to study it? This proposal is pending since 2009. Please understand the urgency.\"The civic chief also reminded the GB that the water meter initiative was started in 2007 and the concrete proposal was tabled in 2009 and since then, the GB has deferred it several times. \"You should have studied it since 2009,\" Pathak said.The corporators fired back at Pathak and said he should not cast aspersions on their intension. \"You are hurting us.We are sincere and want to study the proposal,\" said Kishor Shinde.The GB unanimously deferred the proposal for a month.Earlier, Pathak said the city needs water meters and it should be compulsory as per the JNNURM reforms. He said once the GB approves the proposal, the civic administration would launch a pilot project in four parts of the city and then move ahead with the execution of the plan for entire city.The civic administration has repeatedly attempted to introduce metered water billing system to calculate water tax, but the general body had scrapped it for domestic users from April 1, 2000, and had instead been billing users on a system based on the annual rateable value of their property.As per the original proposal tabled by the civic administration, 150 litres of water will be provided per head and a five-member family will be considered a unit. If a family uses 150 litres water per head (750 litres in total) no extra charges will be imposed and the existing water rates will be charged. About Rs 33 will be charged for every additional 1,000 litres. The proposal said modified water meters will be used for the purpose and consumers will have to pay for the meter in five installments while paying property tax.Experts in water management have backed a metered water system in Pune, which will help equitable distribution of water and ensure that people pay for the actual amount of water they use.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12949875", "title": "Suhasi Dhami as Paro?", "text": "You have seen her as the demure salwar kameez clad working professional as the perfect bahu in crisp saris, as a Kaalbeliya dancer draped in colourful ghagra cholis , as a pony-tailed casually attired mentally challenged girl... the list goes on and on and on... Yes we are talking about television's favourite Bahu, Suhasi Dhami of \"Yahaan Main Ghar Ghar Kheli\".The time has come when you will see Abha (Suhasi) in yet another new look. This time she has decided to go Far East and take references from Sanjay Leela Bhansali's epic movie \"Devdas\". She will be the contemporary Bengali woman who loves her jewellery and silk.Suhasi says, \"I am so excited to be in this Bong avatar. Yes, the makeup takes more time and I have to be extra careful with the loosely kept flowing hair, but I am loving every part of this new look. I have experimented with so many looks and characters in the show that any deviance from normalcy is welcomed with open arms.\"Don't confuse her for Aishwarya Rai , attire being the only similarity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12944326", "title": "Over 11 lakh reeling under water crisis", "text": "PUNE: More than 11.39 lakh people from 52 villages and 3,440 hamlets in the five districts of Pune division are suffering from severe water crisis and they depend on tankers to meet their daily drinking water demand, divisional commissioner Prabhakar Deshmukh said on Monday.Nearly 600 tankers supply water to these villages in Pune, Kolhapur, Satara, Sangli and Solapur districtsDeshmukh said that various steps are being taken to streamline water supply to these villages and hamlets. Fourteen regional water supply schemes have been approved recently in Sangli, Satara and Soplaur districts. Of these, four have already started functioning and 113 villages are receiving water from these schemes.Deshmukh said that 22 talukas have been hit hard by the water shortage. Less rains during the withdrawal phase of the monsoon last year resulted in lesser groundwater recharge in many areas.The water level in these areas has dropped by 2 to 3.75 metres. At many places the water sources have dried up.The administration has initiated steps to tackle the situation. As many as 4,244 scarcity works have been taken up in the five districts, with a total spending of Rs 14.4 crore. Close monitoring is being undertaken on supply of water through tankers. The administration expects the demand for tankers to go up in May.Deshmukh said that the administration has submitted a proposal of Rs 750 crore to the Union government to implement various water supply schemes in the Pune division.Eom/sarang", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12944874", "title": "Ralamandal to get 2 tourist jeeps", "text": "INDORE: Indore forest department has got approval for introducing two jeeps in Ralamandal Wildlife Sanctuary, which would help tourists take a ride inside the sanctuary. Located at a distance of 20 km from Indore, Ralamandal sanctuary receives at least 300 tourists per day, who have to trek five square km hilly terrain.Chief conservator of forest (CCF) P C Dubey said, \"The department has got approval for the vehicles costing Rs 10 lakh. We would have two jeeps within a couple of months to take tourists inside the sanctuary.\" After introducing two jeeps in the sanctuary, the forest department said they can expect jump in the number of tourists as they would be able to explore tirelessly deep in the sanctuary.Many tourists found it somewhat difficult reaching one of the major attractions, 'Shikargaha', on top of the hill. Now, jeeps would take tourists to all parts of the sanctuary. \"We are streamlining the areas where the vehicles would move inside the sanctuary, round of trips they would take and number of passengers they would carry at a time,\" said Dubey.Efforts are being made to develop Ralamandal as one of the main eco-tourism spot around Indore. In his recent visit, principal chief conservator of forest (PCCF) R K Dave had said ropeway would be made operational in the sanctuary in next six months following the Supreme Court empowered committee on wildlife's permission for its installation. Now, the detail project report (DPR) is being prepared for the 180 m long ropeway, which would start and end at Devguraria after taking rounds of the sanctuary.P C Dubey said that installation of ropeway requires less than one hectare of land. However, as per the Wildlife Act, this wildlife land needs to be converted to non-wild life. \"We will need approval from the union ministry of environment and forest for converting wildlife land into non-wildlife,\" said Dubey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12943212", "title": "Citizens\u2019 group moves SC challenging fresh Jharkhand RS polls", "text": "NEW DELHI: Expressing concern over the likelihood of a vitiated poll, a group of citizens have challenged the fresh Rajya Sabha elections in Jharkhand to be held on May 3 in the Supreme Court.\"Any election, with same tainted candidates and electors cannot be called fair by any stretch of imagination till CBI clears them of alleged criminality,\" the petitioners, who include ex-MP Salkhan Murmu and B K Mishra from Jamshepur, have said.A writ has been filed under Article 32 of the Constitution and the petitioners have that at the instance of the Jharkhand high court CBI is currently investigating alleged horse-trading that took place during the Rajya Sabha polls held on March 30.\"This was highlighted and brought before the nation by print and electronic media and strongly criticized by leaders of various political parties in Parliament,\" they said, praying for postponement of the Rajya Sabha elections in the interest of fair play and justice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12943517", "title": "More showers likely in Andhra Pradesh", "text": "HYDERABAD: After heavy rains and lightning that struck various parts of the state, killing 16 people on Sunday, Met officials have predicted more showers over the next two days.Weathermen said the prevailing weather conditions are unusual this time of the year.\"Normally, the temperatures are high during day time, followed by thunder showers in the evenings,\" said R V Subba Rao, assistant meteorologist, Met department.He said the western disturbance over north India coupled with an induced trough over Telangana have led to abundant moisture feed to the coastal Andhra districts leading to rainfall.In the state capital, from a maximum of 40.5 degrees Celsius on Sunday, the temperature dropped by a degree to 39.5 degrees Celsius on Monday. The second half of the day remained overcast bringing down the temperature considerably.Met forecast shows that parts of coastal AP and Rayalaseema are most likely to get moderate showers while some places in Telangana will get light showers. However, the rainfall is likely to decrease after 48 hours.Chittoor, Kadapa, Khammam, Guntur and Prakasam districts recorded a rainfall ranging from 2 to 6 cm on Sunday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12950244", "title": "First look of Mapillai Vinayagar", "text": "The first-look images and publicity designs of director Sriram Padmanabhan's second venture, titled Mapillai Vinayagar, is out.The film stars Jeeva in the lead, and has Santhanam, K Bhagyaraj, Urvasi, Pandiyarajan, Manobala, Mayilsamy, Vatsan, Singamuthu, Shanmugarajan, FM Balaji and Srinath in important roles. While Abishek and Lawrence, who scored music for Sriram's debut venture Doo, have been roped in this time as well, C R Mara will handle the cinematography. \"The film is a humorous take on the life of a guy who fears he won't get married at all. It's set in Karaikudi, and we will go on floors in June,\" says the director.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12943917", "title": "Smart move: Central Railway will install 675 new automatic ticket vending machines", "text": "MUMBAI: Central Railway has planned a major infusion of the smart-card operated Automatic Ticket Vending Machines (ATVMs) to reduce queues at booking offices and also to prevent inconvenience to commuters after the phasing out of the Coupon Validating Machines (CVMs).Central Railway will instal as many as 675 ATVMs in the near future. The plan includes replacing the old CVMs and the surplus can be installed at locations where there is more demand. As of now, there are 250 ATVMs on CR's suburban network.VA Malegaonkar, chief public relations officer (CPRO), CR, said, \"We are planning a very big infusion of new ATVMs into the system to not only replace the CVMs but also to achieve the goal of making the purchase of tickets a convenient experience.\"ATVMs are still not popular among commuters, who prefer to make bookings either through the Unreserved Ticketing System (UTS) or by buying coupons. In January 2012 alone, UTS accounted for 57.5% of the total bookings, while CVMs registered 29.2% of the ticket sales. A mere 11% were keen to buy ticket through ATVMs.On an average, a commuter spends around 15 minutes in the queue at booking windows. The time spent is even more at busy stations like Thane, Dadar, Kurla, Ghatkopar and Kalyan. Hence, a multi-pronged strategy that also includes expanding the network of Jansadharan Ticketing Booking Sevaks (JTBS), apart from more ATVMs is being worked out. CR has till date appointed 178 centres/shops across Mumbai under the JTBS. Under the scheme, the railways allows unemployed youth to sell unreserved tickets and monthly season passes at shops, telephone booths, etc. JTBS are allowed to levy service charge of Re 1 per passenger instead of Re 1 per ticket.There are around 428 booking windows across the suburban CR network. Around 10 lakh tickets are sold per day on CR's suburban network. Of these, 5.7 lakh are sold through the UTS, 2.91 lakh through CVMs and 1.1 lakh through ATVMs.The CVMs are set to be phased out by March 2013. A senior official said, \"We need to have a strategy in place to ensure that ATVMs become more popular so that migration from CVMs is quicker and smoother.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12944403", "title": "Arvind sells mill land to realty group B Safal for 90 crore", "text": "AHMEDABAD: This is one deal which is likely to fire up Ahmedabad's real estate market. Textile major Arvind Ltd has sold a 33,000 sq yard plot to realty group B Safal for Rs 90 crore. B Safal plans to develop a commercial park on the land that was once part of Rohit Mills, which Arvind acquired in 1996 and renamed it as Ashoka Cotsyn.In 2010, Arvind and B Safal entered into a joint venture to develop around one million sq feet of residential space on one-third area of the 99,000 square yard mill land. Months later, B Safal acquired second parcel of 33,000 sq yard in the same campus from Arvind for Rs 40 crore to float residential and commercial units.\"Earlier, we went for joint development with B Safal. But with land prices soaring, we preferred selling off the third parcel of 33,000 sq yards to them,\" said Jayesh Shah, chief financial officer, Arvind Ltd.Arvind aims to monetize its 600-acre of land-bank in and around Ahmedabad. \"We have aggressive plans on our realty business. Apart from unlocking value of our land bank in Ahmedabad, we are also exploring possibilities in Surat and Vadodara,\" said Kamal Singhal, CEO Arvind Real Estate, a subsidiary of Arvind Limited.The deal has once again spruced up property market in east Ahmedabad, where demand for affordable housing and commercial space has bucked the slow-down.\"Situated next to Maninagar, Khokra remains attractive with comparatively low prices. The business park on the newly-acquired land will come up in another two years,\" said Rajesh Brahmbhatt, promoter of B Safal group. Brahmbhatt plans to build a modern replica of city's most famous textile hub, New Cloth Market in Khokhra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12943984", "title": "\u2018Global marketing of products will open new vistas\u2019", "text": "JAIPUR: One-day seminar on hand block printing of Rajasthan was organized on Monday by the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce &amp; Industry (FICCI) along with Rural Non-Farm Development Agency (RUDA) and Development Commissioner (Handicrafts), GoI.In the inaugural session, Nilima Jauhari, chairman and managing director of RUDA said, \"For hand-made products there are a number of opportunities available in the international and domestic markets. Hand block printing is famous for its environment friendliness and quality.\"Stressing on the international marketing of products, she said it will help in creating new markets, trends and avenues for the sector. Jauhari informed that Bagru, Sanganer, Kota, Barmer, Jairampura and Kaladera are the main centers of such units and most of the artisans are females.In the welcome address, Gyan Prakash said that Rajasthan has an important position in the field of hand block printing due to its designs, cost-effectiveness and quality. He further informed that more than hundred artisans and hand block printing unit owners from Bagru, Sanganer, Kota, Barmer, Jairampura and Kaladera participated in the seminar, some of them being state and national award winners. An exhibition of hand block printing products was also organized by RUDA.Besides Nilima Jauhari, the director of Rajasthan State Council FICCI Gyan Prakash; Director (Addl. Charge) of NCTD ( National Centre for Textile Design), B B Paul and Addl. Director, Development Commissioner Office (Handicraft), L S Meena were also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12944706", "title": "Sanitary works to be privatised in Trichy", "text": "TRICHY: The decision by the Trichy corporation to privatise sanitary works in the wards coming under the civic body limits received a flak from councillors belonging to the opposition parties. However, the council passed a resolution with support from the ruling AIADMK councillors here on Monday.In the wake of the growing number of complaints about the unhygienic conditions in the wards due to dearth of sanitary workers, the Trichy corporation tabled an agenda seeking approval from the council to privatise sanitary work under the solid waste management programme in 21 out of the 65 wards of the corporation, initially. But the DMK councillors raised strong objections to the move saying that it would not bring a solution to the problem but would only worsen the situation. M Anbazhagan, floor leader of DMK said that the councillors cannot control the sanitary workers of the private concerns. They may collect money from the public for their work, he said. S Kavitha, 41st ward DMK councillor said the corporation should provide adequate number of sanitary workers instead of privatising the work.According to the agenda, the corporation found it hard to manage the 65 wards with 1,655 sanitary workers against the sanctioned strength of 3,636 workers. Due to this, the work under the solid waste management came to a standstill. Also, the recruitment of sanitary workers to fill up 1,981 vacancies could not be taken up as the establishment expenditure should not exceed 49%. Hence, the corporation administration was forced to adopt the resolution to privatise the part of the work under the solid waste management in 21 wards in the four zones of Srirangam, Ariyamangalam, Ponmalai and K Abishekapuram.Despite the opposition, the council finally passed the resolution with the majority support from the AIADMK councillors. The council hall also witnessed some tense moments after the opposition parties sought for a special meeting to discuss the water scarcity in the corporation. Later, the corporation mayor A Jaya accepted their demand to convene a meeting and the meeting resumed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12943767", "title": "Jaipur Municipal Corporation drive ends on a whimper on day one", "text": "JAIPUR: In the absence of a proper rehabilitation plan for the vendors, the Jaipur Municipal Corporation's (JMC) anti-encroachment drive in the Walled City area on Monday proved ineffective.Acting on the directions of the Supreme Court's empowered committee, the JMC teams began to remove temporary encroachments by vendors, makeshift carts and kiosk-owners who were illegally occupying verandas in front of the shops from Chandpole Gate to Bari Chaupad. The encroachers along the roadsides were also removed to provide a clear passage for the vehicles moving in the Walled City.However, the drive turned out to be eyewash since the encroachers were back at their places as soon as the JMC officials left.Moreover, the drive witnessed a protest from the Footpath Association of Vendors who demanded rehabilitation. JMC's chief executive officer Loknath Soni later said, \"The vendors will be rehabilitated under the urban street vendor policy. The JMC will identify an appropriate place for their rehabilitation after a meeting with their representatives on Wednesday.\" Soni added that rehabilitation was a long process but the drive against encroachments would continue.On vendors reoccupying the market places from where they were removed in the morning, the JMC CEO said, \"Since it was the first day of our drive we did not take strict action against the encroachers. We sent the teams to these places in the evening also to warn the encroachers that their belongings will be confiscated and contempt of court proceedings would be initiated against them if they continue to occupy public places.\"According to the JMC officials, strict action against the encroachers will begin from third day. Many officials in the teams were in favour of strict action from day one itself since the JMC has been warning the encroachers for a week now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12944588", "title": "\u2018Hand over control of Orchid Petals to Resident Welfare Association\u2019", "text": "GURGAON: The Gurgaon senior town planner (STP) has asked the developers of Orchid Petals to declare RWA elections by May 4. The issue has been pending for over a year. The STP has also directed the developer - Orchid Infrastructure Developers Pvt. Ltd (OIDPL) - to hand over the management of the said complex to the apartment owners.The order was passed in a joint meeting of the developer and residents and the STP on April 24. Residents also alleged that the developer has not obtained the mandatory Occupation Certificate for all the 24 towers in the complex.Residents of this highrise condominium have been pushing for the formation of a legal RWA since last year.According to Vinay Mitra, president, flat owners' association of Orchid Petals, \"We met the STP in March last year and a similar meeting was organized then. The developer at that time had not even filed the mandatory documents with authorities. The STP had ordered the developer to file the declaration as per The Haryana Apartment Ownership Act. The developer was also asked to initiate the formation of a legal RWA and handing over of the complex to the residents. Though the developer filed the declaration immediately afterthe meeting, it completely ignored the order from the STP on RWA. There was no proper response from the developer to the residents in the past one year.\"As per The Haryana Apartments Ownership Act, a builder has to hand over the complex to the elected RWA within 90 days of obtaining the Occupation Certificate and handing over of flats to the apartment buyers, added Mitra.According to the minutes of the meeting held on April 24, the residents had also highlighted the issue that of the total 24 towers in the group housing complex, the developer had obtained the Occupation Certificates of 20 while they had handed over possession to the remaining four towers without the OC.However, residents alleged that the developer did not execute and get registered the Deed of Declaration as required under Section 2 of the Haryana Apartment Ownership Act, 1983, which is causing delay in the transfer of ownership of individual buyers and execution of deed of apartment as well as in the constitution of the board of managers for running the affairs of the condominium.Nevertheless, at the meeting, the developer represented by Ajay Goel, director, OIDPL, claimed that the deed of declaration has been executed and was registered in the office of the registrar, Gurgaon, recently and the OCs of four towers were under the consideration of the DG, TCP.However, observing the severe violations, the STP has asked for a site report from the district town planner and also informed the DG, TCP, of the latest status of occupancy apart from setting a deadline of 10 days to declare RWA election dates.Efforts to obtain a response from OIDPL proved futile as officials were unavailable for comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12932826", "title": "Tere Bin Laden's sequel to take off", "text": "While it's raining sequels in B-town, here comes one with a difference. Version 2.0 of the 2010 satire Tere Bin Laden will interestingly be titled Tere Bin Laden 3.Produced by Walkwater Media and written and directed by Abhishek Sharma, the original, a parody on the world's most wanted terrorist Osama Bin Laden , America's war against terror and the realities of a post-9/11 world, drew rave reviews and critical appreciation alike.What's more, producer Pooja Shetty and Sharma will kick-start official pre-production on the project on May 2, to coincide with the first death anniversary of the dreaded terrorist.Confirming the news, Sharma said, \"I cannot reveal the story of the sequel now. You guys have caught me too early. All I can say is that Tere Bin Laden 3 will be one of the most original sequels.\"But why call it Tere Bin Laden 3? \"We will have to name it such because Osama is dead and we are taking the story forward, that is, post Osama's death,\" said Sharma.Sharma revealed that both Pradhuman Singh and Ali Zafar will be a part of the sequel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12947966", "title": "Ajith celebrating his 41st birthday", "text": "May 1st is an important day for all the workers worldwide and also the most important day for a group of movie lovers in Tamil Nadu. Thala Ajith, the heartthrob of many Tamil film lovers is celebrating his birthday today [May 1st]Ajith Kumar , one of the hot and happening stars in Kollywood is celebrating his 41st birthday today. Thala is the star who was born on International Workers Day and stand as a living example of hard work and self confidence. Ajith started his industry journey 20 years ago and still positioned as an icon in Tamil cinema.Thala has debuted into films in 1992 through Telugu film Prema Pustakam and never looked back in his career so far till latest Mankatha, which has re-set the box-office records. Ajith is now gearing up to release his upcoming action thriller Billa 2 being directed by Chakri Toleti. Yuvan composed Billa 2 music album that is being aired by Sony Music is available in stores from today, while the teasers already released are making vibes online.Ajith will soon join with his Billa director Vishnuvardhan along with stars Nayantara and Arya. Next to this Ajith will be doing a movie under RS Infotainment banner after which Thala will join ace director Venkat Prabhu for their next.Source: Way2movies.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12943828", "title": "Professor ends life over fight with wife", "text": "NAGPUR: A 40-year-old professor committed suicide after his wife left him over an argument between them. Raju Bhattacharya wrote in his suicide note that his wife and his parents were responsible for his extreme step.A resident of Gokulpeth, Bhattacharya was a professor in MBA department of Punjabrao Deshmukh Institute of Management and Research. Police said that since last few months Bhattacharya and his wife Preeti were having regular clashes.On Saturday evening, the couple had a heated argument and Preeti left the house. The family members told cops that Bhattacharya was mentally disturbed and undergoing treatment at a hospital.Bhattacharya left home on Sunday and did not return. His family lodged a missing police complaint at Ambazari police station. On Tuesday afternoon, Bhattacharya's body was found floating at Futala lake. Cops have registered accidental death case.Engg student hangs selfNagpur: A 22-year-old third year engineering student committed suicide by hanging himself with the cord of an iron at his Pachgaon residence on Monday morning.Ketan Yetuley, elder of two brothers, was found hanging in drawing room. Ketan was alone at home while his father Jajman, a mason, mother and younger brother had gone to Bhandara. Neighbours spotted the body and informed Wadi police. No suicide note was found.Devastating fire in industryAkola: Property and machinery worth cores of rupees were reduced to ashes following a devastating fire that broke out at Shri Shiv Industries in the MIDC area along Murtizapur road, near Akola, on Sunday night.Cotton seeds, cotton cakes soyabean oil, bardana (gunny bags) raw material boxes of plastics and tin were reduced to ashes.The fire is suspected to be cause by a short circuit as the DP has also been in the vicinity of Shri Shiv Industry in phase No. 4 in the MIDC area. The fire spread due to wind.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12944765", "title": "Love for pets on the rise", "text": "INDORE: City residents are soon taking to love pets. While the top breeds are much in demand, people are not sparing the stray dogs, as well. Forget security, having a pet is now a status symbol for Indoreans.In some cases, people have got fancy for cats, turtles and even birds.Deepa Vanjani, a pet lover, has two dogs of foreign breed - a German Shepherd and Dash Hound. Interestingly, she has also got a stray dog as her pet.\"I don't mind if I have to spend Rs 3,500 per month on the maintenance of my pets,\" says Vanjani.The price for getting a good breed puppy ranges between Rs 3,000 and Rs 10,000. However, in case if one needs a pure breed, then he or she must be ready to shell out somewhere between Rs 10,000 and Rs 12,000, says Lekha Kunte, a government veterinary surgeon.Talking about the maintenance cost of pets, Kunte said that for Pedigree, which provides packaged food for dogs, the price ranges between Rs 2,000 and Rs 5,000 per pack. People, who are having birds as pets, should go for Key tee, which has a price range between Rs 2,000 and Rs 5,000 per pack, to feed them for a simple reason that the birds are more allergic to some kinds of grains and fruits, says Kunte.Sudhir Khetawat, chairman, MP region, Karuna International, which takes care of distribution of stray dogs for free to anyone willing to adopt them, says that after picking up them from roadside, he keeps them at his place for two days and distribute them for free of cost to the willing.Though Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) does issue licence for pet dogs on payment of a certain amount, as per its record, merely 300-400 pet dogs are registered by their owners with the civic body every year. However, in reality, the number of pet animals are in far more in numbers.Uttam Vyas, health officer at IMC, told ToI, \"We have to keep the records of pet dogs to check if they have been vaccinated in a proper way to avoid diseases like rabies or dermatitis. Also, we have to conduct sterilization of stray dogs to check their further breeding.\"When it comes to bird, Indoreans have got penchant for birds like Macau, Cockatoos, Love Birds, and even parrot. Saba Khan, who has kept a Macau at her house as pet, said that I don't mind if I have to spend Rs 2000-3000 per month extra for my pet bird Macau, which is having a colour mix of blue and golden.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12949665", "title": "Supreme Court grants time to Italian government to specify stand", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court today asked the Italian government to tell it by tomorrow if it would ensure the presence of four naval guards of its merchant navy ship Enrica Lexie in India during criminal proceedings against their two colleagues, accused of killing two fishermen off Kerala cost.A bench of Justices R M Lodha and H L Gokhale put the matter for tomorrow after the Italian government's counsel and senior advocate Harish Salve said he needs time for a specific instruction from his client on the issue.Salve said he wants to be very clear before making any submission about the Italian authorities' stand on if they are willing to accept the jurisdiction of the Indian courts as there is also a question of sovereign immunity involved in it.Appearing for Kerala, former solicitor general Gopal Subramanium had yesterday sought imposition of stringent conditions for release of the ship and compel the presence of the crew and marine officers during the proceeding against their two colleagues.The court reiterated its concerns that the criminal proceedings here should not be defeated.The apex court on Monday had termed Italy's compromise with the kin of two Indian fishermen shot dead by its naval guards, as \"illegal\" and \"astonishing\" and had said that they were \"playing\" with the Indian process of law and felt Kerala should have filed an objection.The bench said the mouths of the families of the two victims - Jalastine and Binki - have been \"locked\" by the Italian government by paying each an amount of Rs 1 crore, defeating the Indian legal system.The apex court had also sought the Italian government's stand on the question of releasing the impounded ship with certain conditions after the owner of the vessel claimed that their detention had cost the company Rs 200 crore.Subramanium had, however, told the court that Kerala was not a party to the compromise and had reserved the right to challenge it before higher forum.Kerala yesterday had sought imposition of stringent conditions for release of the ship and wanted the court to ensure the presence of the crew and marine officers during trial of their two colleagues for allegedly killing the fishermen in February this year.Counsel for Kerala government had said it would not oppose release of the ship provided stringent conditions, including bank guarantee, adequate bond and security were imposed on the marines to secure their presence during trial as charge sheet would be filed in another 15 days.Attorney general G E Vahanvati had yesterday sought to distance himself from the controversial stand taken by additional solicitor General Harin Raval that the Kerala government had no jurisdiction to deal with the issue.\"I don't stand by the statement that the Kerala government had no jurisdiction. Even the ASG had clarified it on the other day. It was his personal view. That statement was also not an issue before this court,\" he had told the bench.Earlier on April 23, another bench of the apex court had sought replies of the the Centre and the Kerala government on Italian government's plea to quash the criminal cases against its two merchant navy personnel.In its petition filed under Article 32, the Italian government had asserted that the Kerala government has no locus standi to register any criminal case as the alleged offence ought to be treated under international law and covenants as India is a signatory to the UN charter.(Inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12946083", "title": "Less resistance in body triggers asthma: Experts", "text": "KANPUR: The rising cases of Asthma is not a new thing for the city, which is among the most polluted cities in the country. But if the health experts are to be believed, asthma has nothing to do with the rise in pollution. However, unbalanced lifestyle and less resistance in the human body are the major causes asthma.Dr SK Katiyar, chest specialist and former principal of Ganesh Shanker Vidyarthi Memorial Medical College, said that asthma is an allergic disease which has nothing to do with the rising pollution. However, allergy from dust consists a large number of asthma patients but diet and lifestyle is a bigger reason which is ruining the lungs of the people.\"Processed, adulterated and junk food which contain a lot of chemicals are a greater source of allergens which cause asthma. Also, the fertilizers used in cropping and agricultural process and toxic injections used in artificial ripening of vegetable and fruits is a major source of asthmatic allergies,\" Dr Katiyar added.Most of the asthmatic allergies are caused due to pollen emitted from plants. Each patient is allergic to different kind of pollens which gave him/her asthmatic attacks. As pollen is emitted at the time of year when seasonal changes take place, this why the chances of asthma attacks increased with the change in season.\"Dust is also a big reason for asthma as wind carries maximum pollens in it. Apart from dust, people also get respiratory ailments due to vehicular pollution which is on rise in the city,\" Dr Katiyar said.Aping of the western lifestyle by the youngsters is taking them away from healthy lifestyle. Natural and healthy foods like milk, curd, ghee, fruits and vegetables are totally out of menu. Children are addicted to play computer games and chat on Internet, rather than go out for physical activities.Child specialist Dr S Tripathi pointed out that just few years ago, the children were found playing in the parks, while these spots are now remain for morning walkers only. Also, the physical training classes in the schools has now been replaced by computer or other activities. This has lowered the resistance in the body and the children are getting prone to allergic infections.Urging for awareness among people which can reduce asthma, Dr Anil Nigam, chest specialist at Ursula Horsman Hospital said that nearly 80 patients visit the OPD of UHM with chest blockage and 30% of them suffer from asthma.The air pollution not only refers to the dust level in the city but even vehicular and industrial pollution.Even ultraviolet rays from ozone which contains chlorofluorocarbons is a major cause of producing allergens in air. Doctors believe that inhalers are the best way to treat asthma.Balanced lifestyle, adopting an exercise schedule and avoiding junk food can help in keeping the ailment of asthma at bay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12942982", "title": "Residents irked over slow progress of drainage works", "text": "COIMBATORE: The ongoing storm water drain work by the city corporation on Nethaji Street near PN Pudur has become a serious problem for residents and shopkeepers on this stretch as the drain channels are clogged with dug up soil and construction debris. The entire stretch is stinking because of stagnant sewage and rotten garbage piled on the street. The workers have also removed a huge portion of a culvert and dumped it blocking the entrance of a residential apartment. The authorities say it is too heavy to be removed from the spot.\"Initially, the roads were dug up for laying the underground drainage channel. Simultaneously, they started storm water drain works. Now both projects are incomplete and we are having a difficult time,\" said TV Kalyana Krishnan, a resident on the stretch. The residents claimed that the corporation dug the trenches to construct storm water drains a month ago, doing the work in a haphazard manner. The stench emanating from stagnant water was becoming unbearable. Some of the inner bylanes are inaccessible as open pits are yet to be covered, they said.\"The open drains have become a breeding ground for mosquitoes and we have been complaining to the councillor and the contractor. But they have not taken it seriously,\" said S Dasarathan, another resident.Nethaji Road connects PN Pudur to Seeranaickenpalayam and is a busy stretch used by motorists, especially during peak hours. Traffic congestion has become a regular sight on the street.\"It is dangerous for motorists and pedestrians to take this stretch. Due to rains the situation has become even worse. We hope corporation authorities will take necessary action soon,\" said R Purushothaman, another resident.A portion of Nethaji Road comes under ward 15 and another portion comes under ward 20. When contacted, corporation councillor for ward 20, G Jeyanthi said she has already taken up the matter with corporation officials and had asked for trucks to pump out stagnant water.\"The storm water drain works will be completed at the earliest and we are taking all possible measures to ensure that people in the locality are not affected because of ongoing works,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12942846", "title": "'Will ask Centre for more funds for Kochi Metro'", "text": "KOCHI: The Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) will soon approach the Centre for more funds. DMRC principal advisor E Sreedharan told mediapersons on Monday that the state government would be asked to write a letter to the Union government in that regard.\"The project cost for Kochi Metro is estimated at Rs 5,146 crore. As per the sanction of the Public Investment Board (PIB) the Centre will make a contribution of Rs 1,002.23 crore, and Rs 2,170 crore will be raised as loan from Japan International Corporation Agency (Jica).The remaining amount will have to be raised by the state government. In the 2012-13 budget, the Centre has allocated Rs 60 crore for Kochi Metro, and a provision of Rs 150 crore has been made in the state budget,'' he said.According to Sreedharan, it will take about a year to get the loans sanctioned from the Japanese agency. \"The funds allocated in the budgets are enough to carry out land acquisition and other works undertaken in the current year,\" he said.Approval for the project from the Cabinet Committee for Economic Affairs is also expected soon. \"However, the Metro authorities will not wait for the approval, and instead will continue working on various aspects related to the project. We have prepared tender documents for actual work, and once the project is sanctioned we will float the global tenders,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12945803", "title": "Tax rebate for another month", "text": "BANGALORE: You have one more month to get that 5% rebate on your property tax . The BBMP on Monday decided to extend the deadline to May 30.As on April 28, the Palike collected Rs 410 crore , as against the Rs 290 crore on the same date last year . In all , 4.75 lakh property owners have paid tax.BBMP commissioner MK Shankarlinge Gowda warned private telecom companies against laying optical fibre cables (OFC) near Bescom and BSNL lines.Corporators raised the issue at the council meeting : \"Following levy of road-cutting charges pending before the high court for orders, the council passed a resolution in February to authorizeonly government agencies like BSNL and Bescom for road cutting.Despite this, two private companies have sought permission from BBMP through BSNL and Bescom contractors. Palike engineer-in-chief BT Ramesh has given approval for laying OFCs for 2,500 km without consulting the OFCcell.It'ssheer violation ofthe council resolution.\"BBMP commissioner MK Shankarlinge Gowda expressed shock at this: \"None other than the OFC chief engineer will be authorized to get approval for lying cables .\"Ivory City soon?Gowda said all BBMP properties will be painted in ivory colour to maintain uniformity and to differentiate them from other buildings. \"All Palike properties will have the BBMP logo along with uniform paintings. It's like Jaipur's buildings painted in pink,\" said the commissioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "12944402", "title": "Director Of Municipal Administration asked to seek legal advice", "text": "VASCO: The Mormugao municipal council (MMC) has asked the director of municipal administration (DMA) to seek legal advice from the law department of government of Goa with regard to the ownership of a premises occupied by the post office on the ground floor of the Mormugao municipal building.According to sources, \"the matter was proceeding in the district court of Margao and the court quashed the eviction order of the municipality, setting the case aside.\"All the other offices in the building paid rent to the council except the post office authorities who refused to pay the rent demanded by the council claiming to be the rightful owners of the property. They further said that they will not entertain any correspondence from the council in this regard. The post office is now supposed to pay 11.50 lakh to the municipality as arrears on the monthly rent of 5,500 per month.According to the municipal records, the Goa government transferred the ownership right of the municipal building to the council some years ago. At the time of transfer of the building there were 12 government offices functioning in the said municipal building. Out of 12 offices, there were 9 offices run by the state government and remaining three by the central government.Officials said, \"in order to recover the Rs 11.50 lakh arrears, the council is seeking legal advice.\" The office of DMA has been requested to obtain advice from the law department of government of Goa in order to ascertain the ownership. \"The state government records will also throw lig ht on the ownership of the state government on the property which was thereafter transferred to the municipal council,\" officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12944938", "title": "Govt bows to pressure, allows fresh cotton exports", "text": "NEW DELHI: Bowing to pressure from the Congress party and some of its allies, the government on Monday allowed fresh cotton exports and a panel of ministers will meet in three weeks to review the situation again.The government had been under pressure from the Congress and the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) to ease the ban on cotton exports. The directorate general of foreign trade (DGFT) had banned exports on March 5, but it was forced to partially permit registered consignments.The decision to allow fresh cotton exports comes after Congress leaders from Gujarat led by Ahmed Patel, political secretary to party president Sonia Gandhi , and agriculture minister and NCP supremo Sharad Pawar urged the government to rethink the decision to ban exports. In fact, commerce minister Anand Sharma spoke about the role of Patel and other Congress leaders in forcing a re-think.The informal group of ministers met under the chairmanship of finance minister Pranab Mukherjee on Monday to review the cotton export situation. The panel considered the estimates of the Cotton Advisory Board and the third estimate of the agriculture ministry. \"After a comprehensive review, it was decided that suspension of new registrations for cotton exports be revoked and exports be permitted,\" a government statement said.The Cotton Corporation of India has been asked to build a buffer stock of 10 lakh bales to meet any emergency during June, July and August. \"It is true that some members of Parliament from Gujarat including Ahmed Patel and Congress leaders from the state including CLP leader Shakti Singh Gohil and PCC chief Arjun Modvadia had given their views that some cotton was still available. So we have lifted the suspension of fresh registrations for exports and accordingly, the DGFT will take the necessary steps,\" commerce, industry and textiles minister Anand Sharma told reporters.He said efforts will be made to ensure that domestic industry needs are met. The textile sector directly or indirectly provides employment to 105 million people and the handloom sector also employs a large number of people. \"Therefore, a balanced view had to be taken, the GoM will make a fresh assessment in three weeks,\" Sharma said. The meeting was attended by Pawar, Sharma and chairman of the Prime Minister's Economic Advisory Council C Rangarajan.Earlier, Pawar had slammed the curb on cotton exports and had shot off a letter to the Prime Minister saying, \"Indian cotton farmers should not be asked to bear the burden of subsidizing the textile mills\". The Cotton Advisory Board has revised cotton production estimates to 3.47 crore bales from 3.45 crore bales for the current season that ends in September. Domestic consumption has been estimated downwards at 2.5 crore bales from 2.6 crore bales. The agriculture ministry had also revised upwards the estimate for cotton in the third advance estimates of crop production.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "12944283", "title": "Akola digest: Property worth cores of rupees gutted in fire", "text": "AKOLA: Property and machinery worth cores of rupees were reduced to ashes following a devastating fire that broke out at Shri Shiv Industries in the MIDC area along the Murtizapur road on Sunday night.Cotton seeds, cotton cakes soyabean oil, bardana (gunny bags) raw material boxes of plastics and tin were reduced to ashes.The fire is suspected to be cause by a short circuit as the DP has also been in the vicinity of Shri Shiv Industry in phase No. 4 in the MIDC area. The fire spread due to wind.Property worth several crores of rupees has been gutted. Fire fighters from Akola, Karanja Lad, Khamgaon, Amravati were pressed into service in addition to private water tankers to extinguish the fire. The industry is owned by Kailas Agrawal of Murtizapur tahsil town in Akola district.Ex-municipal councilor Shah dead: Surendrakumar Shah, former municipal councilor and popular crusader of corruption in the then municipal council and now Akola Municipal Corporation passed away after short illness at a Mumbai hospital on Sunday noon, according to family sources. He was 60. His body was brought here on Monday morning and later cremated at Mohta Mill Mokshdham in the presence of hundreds of mourners. He leaves behind wife, two sons and a daughter.Cong MLA's car damaged: Miscreants damaged the vehicle of Congress MLA Bertrand Muller as it was parked in the premises of Laxmi Vyankatesh apartment on Sunday. The glasses of the car were broken by the miscreants.The MLA and his family were out of station when the incident occurred. Satish Chavan, son-in-law of the MLA filed a complaint with the police.One held for trying to steal: One person has been caught red-handed while stealing various materials including mobile phones, wrist watches and cosmetics from the hostel room of Government Medical College here on Sunday. The thief, Ranjit Baban Dolare was badly beaten and was later handed over to the police. A two wheeler without documents was found at his house at Mazod after a search. He has been remanded to police custody for two days when he was produced before local magistrate on Sunday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12944862", "title": "Mayoral polls expose divide in Congress", "text": "MYSORE: The Congress on Monday succeeded in retaining power in the Mysore City Corporation (MCC), but emerged as a house divided with MLA Tanveer Sait almost revolting.M C Rajeshwari, the official candidate, defeated Mahadevamma, propped up by Sait, by 48 votes. Sait didn't take part in the voting and staged a walkout after it became clear that his supporter stood little chance of becoming mayor.Sait, a former minister, however, argued that he didn't revolt against the party but is upset with leaders. \"The party observers and leaders didn't take me into confidence when they decided the official candidate,\" he told TOI. The leaders also didn't consult Mysore MP Adagooru H Vishwanath, who also didn't attend the meeting. Vishwanath didn't respond to calls from TOI.With Mysore Congress chief C Dase Gowda complaining to observer Ramalinga Reddy, Sait faces punitive action. \"I spoke to the observer after the election of our candidate. Reddy said he would speak to KPCC chief G Parameshwara and decide. I'll also speak to opposition leader Siddaramaiah and senior leader V Srinivasa Prasad,\" he said.\"I asked Sait to withdraw Mahadevamma's candidature, but he didn't budge,\" Dase Gowda said.In the run-up to the assembly elections scheduled in May 2013, the mayoral polls had assumed significance with the Congress trying to make the most of it but ended up exposing its divisions. Luckily for the Congress, the JD(S) went with it without seeking to fish in troubled waters; it voted for the official candidate. The Congress backed JD(S) candidate Mahadevappa for the deputy mayor's post. Five independents voted for the Congress nominee.Mysore regional commissioner M V Jayanthi, who was the returning officer, declared Rajeshwari elected. The first woman mayor from an SC community, Rajeshwari will have a tenure of a little over nine months. The term of the House expires on February 17, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12945807", "title": "Harcourt Butler Technological Institute strict action against its 4 students for sitting in AIEEE", "text": "KANPUR: The authorities of Harcourt Butler Technological Institute (HBTI) have decided to suspend its four students who were caught by the STF, on Sunday, for appearing as solvers in the All India Engineering Entrance Exam (AIEEE) from different examination centres in Agra. The institute administration has also decided to debar these students from attending the classes till the next decision is taken. Also, these students would not be allowed to sit in the semester exams to be conducted by the institute in the month of May.The proctorial board of HBTI, which is looking into the matter, met on Monday where the decision was taken that the four students should be suspended due to their involvement in a highly unlawful act. The orders in regard to suspension of the four students would be released on Tuesday.J S P Rai, director, HBTI, confirmed that the students involved in solving AIEEE paper as 'Munnabhais' will be suspended from the institute as a decision in this regard has been taken by the proctorial board.Director, HBTI, further said that among the four accused students, Apaar Bhatnagar, Gajendra Singh and Vikrant Gangwar, are day scholars, while Baijnath Agrahari stays in the hostel on the institute campus. When asked what would be the next course of action, director, HBTI said that the all the four students are yet to come back to the institute. Once they would be back, they would be questioned and accordingly, the next line of action would be decided.To note, the four HBTI students - Apaar Bhatnagar, (B Tech II year, Electronics branch), Gajendra Singh, (B Tech II year, Electronics branch), Vikrant Gangwar (B Tech II year, Electronics branch) and Baijnath (B Tech II year, Plastic Technology branch) - were caught writing AIEEE paper in place of four other students during the first shift of the exam from 9.30am to 12.30pm. Acting on a tip-off, the STF nabbed all the four, but Brijesh Verma, the mastermind, remains untraced. The cops are now on the lookout for the kingpin of the racket who had lured the HBTI students into committing this act. The four students were to get Rs 70,000 each for solving the paper.Interestingly, all the four hail from good families and the incident has left their families shocked. The career of these students is now at stake.The police said that the students have admitted that they accepted the deal in order to afford costly items like cellphones.The HBTI students told police that Brijesh Verma was an ex-student of the institute and he was the one who wanted them to appear in exam in place of the actual AIEEE aspirants at different examination centres in Agra.J S P Rai, director, HBTI, confirmed that the students involved in solving AIEEE paper as 'Munnabhais' will be suspended from the institute as a decision in this regard has been taken by the proctorial board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12947313", "title": "Telenor writes off Rs 3,500 crore India assets", "text": "NEW DELHI: Norwegian telecom major Telenor on Monday wrote off its remaining fixed and intangible assets in India worth Norwegian Krone 3.9 billion (over $680 million or Rs 3,500 crore) saying \"the uncertainty has increased significantly\" following the Supreme Court's ruling in February to cancel Unitech Wireless's 22 licences and the recent Trai recommendations on the re-auction of 2G licences and spectrum.The statement from the company came a day after the company's Asia head Siggve Brekke told TOI that Telenor was considering exiting India if the regulator's recommendations were accepted by the government in their current form.It joins Sistema and Etisalat in taking a hit on their balance sheets due to their exposure to India. All these companies have been affected by the Supreme Court order. Etisalat had written off around $820 million of its investment, while Sistema, which like Telenor is still to announce a pullout, took a $700 million hit. So, the three companies between them have written off close to Rs 15,600 crore due to their India exposure. Telenor and Sistema have also threatened to initiate international arbitration and seek damages from the government.The Norwegian firm holds 67% stake in Unitech Wireless which was controversially awarded licences and spectrum by former telecom minister A Raja, who is facing charges of criminal conspiracy and corruption. In February, the company had announced a write down of around $730 million, taking the total to over $1.4 billion (around Rs 7,200 crore at the current exchange rate).\"Telenor is working actively towards Indian authorities to bring forward an acceptable framework for continued operations. As a precautionary measure, Telenor ASA has decided to write down the remaining fixed and intangible assets in India amounting to NOK 3.9 billion. The write down will be included in Telenor's results for the first quarter 2012, to be presented on 8 May 2012. After the write down, Telenor has no further accounting exposure related to India as of 31 March 2012,\" the company said in a statement on Monday.In a separate development a few hours later, the Telecom Commission decided to seek certain clarifications from Trai. \"We wanted to understand the basis on which this reserve price has been arrived at... what is the likely impact on tariff,\" telecom secretary R Chandrashekhar said. A ministerial panel is also due to meet on Tuesday to discuss spectrum auction although a final view is expected around mid-May.On Sunday, Brekke had cited various problems with Trai recommendations, including the rural rollout obligations. \"In totality, if this is becoming policy, then the government is forcing us to leave. It's quite clear that it will not work for us... We are willing to write off the Rs 14,000 crore that we have invested,\" he had said.Brekke's outburst coincided with petitioning done by the telecom companies to get the government to dilute the proposals. But given the controversy around allocation of scarce natural resources, such as spectrum and coal, below the market price, it is unlikely that the government will risk reducing the floor recommended by Trai.The telecom regulator has suggested that the government start the auction with a base price of Rs 3,600 crore per megahertz, which translates into over Rs 18,000 crore for 5 Mhz, nearly 10 times higher than what Raja had charged for licence and spectrum.Brekke was also critical of the move to auction only 5 Mhz spectrum and termed it as a \"trial balloon\" to set the price level for future rounds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12944506", "title": "Teenagers held in connection with burglaries", "text": "PUNE: The Faraskhana police claimed to have solved six burglary cases in and around the city following the arrests of two criminals on police records on Monday. The arrests have also resulted in solving a murder case in Shikrapur. The police have also recovered cash and gold ornaments worth Rs 15,000 from the suspects.The suspects, Chandrakant Ghadge (19) and Pratap alias Bablya Prakash Pawar (19), currently residing at Saswad, hail from the Akkalkot taluka in Solapur district. The Faraskhana police team, led by sub-inspector Gita Bagwade, made the arrests.Bagwade told TOI that constable Santosh Patil received a tip-off that two suspects involved in several burglaries in the city would be near a restaurant in Kasba Peth on Sunday afternoon. \"We laid a trap and nabbed the duo around noon,\" Bagwade said.She said initially the duo refused to admit their involvement in the crimes. Later however, they confessed to burglaries in the jurisdiction of the Faraskhana and Bharati Vidyapeeth police stations. They were also involved in burglaries in the jurisdiction of Chakan and Shikrapur police stations and also in Satara district. \"We have solved six cases of burglaries committed by the suspects,\" Bagwade said.She added that during interrogation, one of the suspects, Pratap Pawar, revealed his involvement in a murder at Shikrapur on April 6.\"Pawar and his accomplices had broken into a grocery shop in Shikrapur, where a shop worker, Mangilal Memaji Chaudhari (42), was asleep. \"Pawar has confessed that he bludgeoned Chaudhari to death with a big stone before committing burglary in the shop,\" Bagwade said.Bagwade said Pawar also confessed to his involvement in a burglary at a grocery shop in Katraj in 2011. \"Pawar said that he thrashed the shop owner and his wife,\" Bagwade said. \"Pawar also has four cases registered against him with the Satara police.\"Senior inspector of the Faraskhana police station, Anant Rajeshirke, said, \"We expect to solve more cases involving the duo.\"The investigating team comprised constables Datta Bamble, Yashwant Ombase, Ramesh Garud, Kisan Wadekar, Dileep Pinjan and Naresh Balsane.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12944833", "title": "University employees postpone boycott", "text": "LUCKNOW: The ongoing annual examinations at Lucknow University were slightly affected as employees boycotted work on Monday. Many departments were closed and there was delay in sending the question papers to the examination centres. However, the exams are expected to go smooth, as the employees, late on Monday night decided to postpone their boycott.President of Lucknow University Employees Union (LUEU), Rinku Rai said, \"After two rounds of talks with the additional district magistrate and university administration, we have decided to postpone the boycott for few days. We have been assured that our demand will be met.\"The university also issued a notice to the employees asking them to maintain the sanctity of UP Essential Services and Maintenance Act (UPESMA) that has been applied in the university for the next three months by the state government.The employees resorted to boycott after they accused university vice-chancellor, Prof MK Mishra of misbehaving with a women employee belonging to reserved class. The employees had alleged that Prof Mishra had used derogatory remarks and asked the female employee to get out of his room. On Saturday, when two university employees, Virendra Srivastava and Radha Rani met the V-C regarding non-fulfilment of their long pending demand, they accused the V-C of misbehaving with them.Vexed with the V-Cs behaviour, the employees had sought his removal and have demanded a CBI inquiry to be set up against him. The employees had even approached the police station to lodge an FIR which has not been accepted yet.Meanwhile, the dalit woman had approached National Commission for Scheduled Castes seeking justice. On Monday, she was given a format in which the commission accepts a complaint. \"The commission's chairman has asked her to fill up the application form in the correct format. He has assured of an immediate action,\" said Sanjay Shukla, union's secretary.However, university spokesperson, Prof Rajesh Mishra clarified, \"The university exams are going on peacefully and smoothly. Some officials of LUEU illegally have given a call for examination boycott. This, in fact, is not only against the interests of students, but also in opposition to the ESMA provisions. We appeal to the employees to help the university in conducting exams peacefully further also.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12945827", "title": "Junior doctors\u2019 strike paralyses medical services in Lala Lajpat Rai Hospital", "text": "KANPUR: The medical services were badly hit for few hours at Lala Lajpat Rai Hospital here on Monday after junior doctors boycott the emergency services. The strike was due to delay in payment of salaries.However, the strike was called off on Monday evening when the authorities of LLR and Ganesh Shanker Vidyarthi Memorial Medical College (GSVM) assured for payment within 24 hours.\"No harm was done to any patient as the matter was sorted out within two hours. The emergency services were run by senior doctors,\" GSVM principal Anand Swaroop said.According to the sources, more than 200 junior doctors went on strike for more than five hours due to which the emergency services were badly hit.The absence junior doctors gave a tough time to poor patients. Those who were rushed to the emergency wards failed to get immediate treatment. Nurses and wardboys performed the tasks, usually handled by junior doctors.The striking medicos held the state government responsible for the mess. \"We are not going to give up unless our demands are met. This hospital is run by junior doctors as the number of senior doctors is less. Even after giving more than 12 hours a day, we get very less stipend and even that is not paid timely,\" said a junior doctor.The payment of the junior doctors at LLR was due since the last four months. The government also refused the proposal of increasing the stipend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12944960", "title": "Intelligence agencies detain 40 persons at Indo-Nepal border", "text": "LUCKNOW: Acting on a tip-off from central intelligence agencies, the Sashastra Seema Bal (SSB) and the Uttar Pradesh Police intercepted and detained 40 persons including 11 males, 7 females and 22 children while entering into India from Nepal at the Sonauli border in Maharajganj district early on Monday morning. None of them were found with any documents that could help in verification of their identity.Though senior police officials were tight-lipped on the issue, UP police sources said that credentials of nine of the adult males have been verified as natives of Jammu and Kashmir.However surfacing of a Pakistani angle has put a question mark on the very movement of the group, which actually comprises seven families and two others.Sources said that sustained quizzing of the suspects have revealed that some of adult Kashmiri males had crossed over to Pakistan several years ago and got married their. Doing odd jobs, they brought up their families in Pakistan itself before they decided to return to their native places in the Kashmir valley. Investigating agencies suspect that some of them had probably undergone arms training in Pakistan and were now shifting with their families to Kashmir possibly as a part of a major terror design.Reports reaching the director general of police headquarters here said that all the 11 adult males were subjected to several rounds of questioning separately by the central and state intelligence agencies apart from the Uttar Pradesh Police and the SSB teams.After they claimed to be natives of Jammu and Kashmir , their specifics were faxed to the J&K; police for individual verification. While, some of them were either established as true, others are yet to be confirmed.The heads of the seven families have been identified as natives of Kashmir. These include Dawood Ahmed Lone (37) of Naakhal area in Magaama police circle of Badgam district, Farooq Ahmed Baani (29) of Kulgam, Abdul Rasheed (38) of Pulgama, Bashir Ahmed (32) of Kalaarus locality and Gulam Mohiuddin (45) of Kachruqazipura in Lagaat police circle - all situated in Kupwara district, Bashir Ahmed (42) of Goolar locality under Pahalgam in Anantnag, Sheikh Mustafa (42) of Lalpura in Budgam district, Mohammed Ashraf Thokar (35) of Raakhiteer loclaity in Pulwama district and Shabbeer Ahmed (32) of Shopian district in Kashmir.Investigating agencies confirmed that though nothing objectionable had been found from any of the 40 persons detained and all of them were carrying household items with them, further verification of some of them is underway.\"A clear picture will emerge possibly by Tuesday evening,\" said a senior IPS officer posted with a central intelligence agency .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12945323", "title": "Samson had Centre\u2019s backing to continue", "text": "CHENNAI: Leela Samson's sudden exit as director of Kalakshetra Foundation came despite the fact that she had the backing of the government to continue in the post.While Samson stated in her resignation that the Union government and the foundation's governing board did not want her to continue in the post after the age of 60, the Union government had, in fact, defended her in court over the past year, even disregarding advice from the additional solicitor-general in the matter and filing a counter affidavit to protect her post.In June 2011, C S Thomas, a retired teacher at Kalakshetra, had filed a writ petition in the Madras high court challenging the legality of Samson remaining director of the foundation after the age of 60, the statutory retirement age for Central government employees. After she resigned on April 12, Samson said the issue had come up in a board meeting on April 10 and she saw no reason to stay on in the post if she did not have the support of the ministry, the chairman and the board.Following a counter affidavit by the Union ministry of culture, the high court instructed the additional solicitor-general of India to seek instruction in the matter and inform the court whether the retirement age of 60 applied to the post of the director of Kalakshetra Foundation. In response, the undersecretary to the government of India had informed him that \" Leela Samson, director, Kalakshetra Foundation should have retired at the age of 60 years even though the age of retirement is not mentioned in the Kalakshetra Foundation Act, or in the recruitment rules for the post of director nor in the order of appointment (notification) dated February 28, 2005\".However, in a show of support to Samson, the Centre disregarded this instruction and filed a counter affidavit in the high court in August 2011 stating that the post of director of Kalakshetra had to be treated differently from that of a government employee. \"Leela Samson was appointed to the post of director through a search committee after the government took over the institute and her appointment was different from that of the other employees. So the Central government rules did not apply to her,\" said a source in the culture ministry.Samson filed a counter in the HC in July 2011, stating that she had been \"appointed to the post of the director of Kalakshetra Foundation on the basis that she was a former student of the school and had been taught by Rukmini Devi, the founder\".According to the Kalakshetra Act, appointments to the post of director are governed by the Ministry of Tourism and Culture, Department of Culture, Kalakshetra Foundation, Chennai, (Director) Recruitment Rules, 2002. Although the rules specify 55 as the upper age limit for a person to assume the post of director, they do not mention a retirement age.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12944783", "title": "Vrikshpal scheme on the cards", "text": "PATNA: The state government is considering a proposal to launch Vrikshpal scheme in rural areas under which a Vrikshpal would be given maintenance rights for 30 years over a unit of 50 trees planted on government land in the vicinity of villages.Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi said on Monday the scheme would be helpful in protection and maintenance of trees planted on government land. If a Vrikshpal remains steady and sincere and his/her work is found to be satisfactory, then the maintenance rights would be extended for another 30 years.He added that Vrikshpal would have ownership rights over fruits, fuel wood, fodder, flowers and other produce of his trees. Besides, if the trees fall or dry up due to any calamity, then the money obtained from their sale too would go to Vrikshpal, Modi said.The deputy CM said that people belonging to BPL families or Mahadalit, scheduled castes and scheduled tribes as well as extremely backward castes would be selected as Vrikshpal. The aim is to empower them, Modi added. tnnThe trees planted or standing along the flanks of village roads, along the rivers, canals, embankments, on government land and around public places would come under the purview of the scheme, Modi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12942361", "title": "Uddhav pushes leaders to get Shiv Sena candidate elected", "text": "NASHIK: At the meeting of Shiv Sena office-bearers and leaders from north Maharashtra called by executive president Uddhav Thackeray on Monday in Mumbai the main topics of discussion were the forthcoming elections to the legislative council, with Uddhav exhorting the party's leaders to take joint efforts to get Sena candidates elected.The meet, which was held at Matoshree, residence of party supremo Bal Thackeray and the Sena's headquarters in Mumbai, was attended by office-bearers and leaders from Nashik, Dhule, Jalgaon, Nandurbar and Ahmednagar districts. Sena leader Uddhav Thackeray asked all office-bearers and leaders to take joint efforts to get the party candidate elected as MLC from the teachers' constituency and instructed them to start registration of voters. Sanjay Chavan, an office-bearer of the Nashik division of Shiv Sena's outfit Maharashtra Rajya Shikshak Sena, has been nominated as the party candidate for elections to for the post of MLC from the teachers' constituency from Nashik division. The name of the candidate for the elections from the local self-governing bodies constituency from Nashik is to be announced in next two-three days.When contacted, a senior party leader said, \"Our leader Uddhav Thackeray had called a meeting of office-bearers and leaders from all five districts of north Maharashtra. Discussions were held about the forthcoming elections to the Maharashtra legislative council from the teachers' constituency of Nashik division. We were asked to take joint efforts to get the party candidate elected in the elections to legislative council.\"\"Uddhav declined to discuss the selection of new Nashik city and district working committees, which were dissolved on February 29 following the party's debacle in the elections to the Nashik Municipal Corporation ( NMC). A decision in this connection is likely to be taken in the next two weeks,\" he said.The meet was attended by the Nashik chief for party affairs Arvind Sawant, Nashik district rural chief Jayant Dinde, Shiv Sena group leader in the Nashik Municipal Corporation Sudhakar Badgujar, Ajay Boraste and other district chiefs, office-bearers and leaders from the north Maharashtra region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12944519", "title": "Anushree Kundra files bail plea, hearing on May 5", "text": "PUNE: Anushree Kundra (39), who was arrested for allegedly burning alive the fiancee of her former lover, filed a bail plea before sessions judge Anant Badar, when the case came up for framing charges against her on Monday. The plea will come up for hearing on May 5.Arguing that the trial will take considerable time, lawyer Vaibhav Jathar prayed for bail for his client as the prosecution had not made out a murder or attempted murder case under section 302 or 307 of the Indian Penal Code.The plea reads that the case is based on the victim Juhi Prasad's dying declaration and that Kundra's former lover Nimesh Sinha is the real culprit in the murder. Prasad's father has filed an application before a magisterial court for impleading Sinha as an accused in the case, the plea adds.Jathar has cited the Supreme Court ruling in the 2G spectrum case, which says that if the chargesheet is filed and investigations are completed, the accused cannot be detained in jail by way of punishment.Stating that Kundra was suffering from medical ailments, Jathar prayed for release of his client on bail for obtaining treatment. He added that Kundra is a woman and would not tamper with the prosecution's evidence if she was released on bail.The Pune cantonment court had rejected Kundra's bail plea on technical grounds on January 1, 2012, following which she challenged the said order in the Bombay high court. The court has directed the crime branch, Pune, to submit a report on the alleged involvement of Nimesh Sinha in the crime by May 7.Public prosecutor Ujjwala Pawar has submitted draft charges against Kundra under relevant sections of the Indian Penal Code.She has been accused of murdering Juhi, a Delhi-based lawyer and a family friend of BJP leader Rajiv Pratap Rudy, on October 13, 2011 at her fiance's rented flat at Wanowrie. Kundra was allegedly angry after hearing about Sinha's engagement to Juhi. She went to Sinha's residence and entered into a verbal duel with Juhi and Sinha. Later, she set the couple on fire when they were asleep. Juhi suffered more than 90% burns and succumbed to her injuries in a hospital. Nimesh Sinha survived with minor burn injuries. Kundra, manager of a private company in Bangalore, was arrested after she surrendered before the court on November 15, 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "srinivasapur (kolar)", "code": "12945905", "title": "Forest department recovers encroached land", "text": "SRINIVASAPUR (KOLAR): The forest department on Monday began the process of recovering its land allegedly encroached by former legislative assembly speaker KR Ramesh Kumar.Ramesh Kumar has been accused of encroaching 64.30 acres of forest land along with former ZP member KS Reddappa who has reportedly encroached 34.33 acres of forest land on survey numbers 1 and 2 of Hosahudya and survey number 13 of Hirekothur village, Srinivasapur. Apart from the two 'bigwigs' , supporters of Kumar, too, have encroached upon forest land and turned them into farms.While Kumar and Reddappa have mango groves on the encroached lands, others have built farmhouses.A team of forest officials arrived at the site on Monday afternoon and began surveying the area. Officials told TOI that they won't destroy the crop or any infrastructure that have come up on the forest land, but will demarcate boundaries and put up a board stating that the land belongs to the forest department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "12943325", "title": "Heavy rains pose threat to Ooty flower show", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: Horticultural department officials are concerned about the frequent heavy showers that have drenched Ooty town because if the downpour continues it could spoil the flowers already bloomed in the Ooty garden, negatively impacting the annual flower carnival.\"These are not the usual summer showers. They resemble monsoon showers that are unusual for this season. The flowers in the open mud beds are more vulnerable to the heavy showers than the potted flowers,\" said V Ramsundar, assistant director of horticulture, Government Botanical Garden.Around 159 varieties of flower seeds including 66 new varieties of about 95 species have been sown in the garden. Favoured by the hilly terrain and the weather conditions in the Nilgiris, species like French Marigold, Ageratum and Aster are grown in the botanical garden as regular features besides 66 new varieties of flower seedlings including special species like Acroclinum, Angelonia and Browalia have been introduced this year. Over 15,000 flower pots of various varieties are ready for display in the annual summer show.\"The heavy shower might favour farmers but not the bloomed flowers. The flowers hav not received any sunshine during the past few days. If the showers continue for another two days, the bloomed flowers will rot soon, making for a poor show this year,\" said Ramsundar. About 70 percent of the flowers have bloomed and within a few days all flowers would have bloomed.The sprawling lawn has been cordoned off for the past 10 days for rejuvenation. \"The green lawn has become dry. We are irrigating the lawn artificially along with organic boosters to restore its lush green quality,\" said Ramsundar.The garden houses around 3000, mostly rare trees which are being labeled to inform tourists. The garden serves as a living encyclopedia to researchers as well as to students of plant science in the country as well abroad.According to the 'Summer Festival- 2012 Committee', the 116th floral carnival will be held at the famous GBG in Ooty, tentatively, on May 18, 19 and 20. While the 'Rose Show' will be conducted at the Government Rose Park in Ooty on May 12 and 13, the '54th Fruit Show' will take place at Sim's Park in Coonoor on May 26 and 27.The 'Vegetable Show' will be held at Kotagiri on May 5 and 6 and the 'Spice Show' in Gudalur on May 6.Mudumalai Tiger Reserve to be opened for public soonUDHAGAMANDALAM: The Mudumalai Tiger Reserve (MTR) in the Nilgiris will be open for visitors within a week. \"The dry condition that prevailed in the reserve has disappeared. The tiger reserve area received a few good showers during the past week,\" said A Ameer Haja, deputy director, MTR and Mukurthi National Park.A report has been sent to the principal chief conservator of forests and chief wildlife warden. An order from the higher official is expected in a few days, he said. The water bodies inside the reserve have enough water to cater to the requirements of animals, added the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12945352", "title": "Davis shooting victim's kin killed", "text": "The widow of one of the Pakistani men shot dead by CIA contractor Raymond Davis was on Monday murdered along with her mother in Lahore following a family dispute over the blood money and her desire to remarry, police officials said. Zehra and her mother were killed by her father Shehzad Butt. According to a cop Zehra's father was opposed to her remarriage as he feared that the compensation family had received from Davis might go to Zehra's new husband.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12945405", "title": "\u2018Earth-like planets more common in space than stars\u2019", "text": "WASHINGTON: Earth-like rocky planets that humans could live on may be more common in the universe than stars, says an international team of planetary scientists which included an Indian-origin researcher.Aditya Chopra at Australian National University and colleagues claim that determining whether these planets are habitable has become the new holy grail of astronomy.\"The new-found abundance of planets, combined with the much larger range of inhabited terrestrial environments suggests that habitable planets are common. This increases the probability of finding some kind of extraterrestrial life,\" said Charley Lineweaver , who led the team.Chopra said the best estimates of habitability come from the planet we know best - Earth. \"By comparing the inhabited and uninhabited regions of Earth, we can identify the most important factors that determine habitability . For terrestrial life, those factors are liquid water, a narrow range of temperature and an source \" he said in a university release. Dr Lineweaver added: \"Habitability is not just a question of abiotic environmental conditions - the presence of life may be required to maintain the habitability of a planet over billions of years.Planetary habitability is a complex and confusing concept that we are only beginning to get our heads around, but as a species that wants to survive, it is in our interest to get our heads around it soon.\" The findings have been published in the 'Annual Reviews of Earth and Planetary Sciences' journal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12943452", "title": "High on hobbies: A society chronicles history in its own way", "text": "HYDERABAD: Madhuri Reddy calls herself a grave hunter. She got hooked to the hobby when she visited the Armenian cemetery at Uppuguda with her father as a 10-year-old. She got her first Hotshot camera soon after and capturing images of sombre tombstones became a fascination. A postgraduate student of History, Madhuri wants to study gravestone rubbing, which involves copying inscriptions from tombstones on to a parchment paper for preservation for future generations.\"Madhuri can be called a 'taphophile,' one who loves tombstones or cemeteries. It comes from the same origin as cenotaph and epitaph,\" says Sunder Behearwani, president, Hyderabad Philately and Hobby Society (HPHS). Madhuri and several such people pursuing rare and interesting hobbies inhabit his society. From vintage alcohol bottle label collectors to people who have dedicated their lives to the sole aim of acquiring railway tickets, it's an assortment of all sorts. There are some who have the most curiously fascinating collection of match box labels and others who have been collecting erasers all their lives.Kesava Rao, treasurer of the society says, \"Hyderabad is a city where people spend hundreds of rupees buying fake old coins from the Charminar footpath which has East India Company carved on one side and a picture of Goddess Lakshmi or Hanuman on the other.\" Chronicling the city's history through collections, HPHS exists for fifty years now with more than 1000 members, including a junior section for those under 18 years.\"The society started as a stamp club in the Indo American Library in Moazam Jahi Market around 1960. Unfortunately the library building was pulled down in 1962. The members of the stamp club then started meeting at each other's places and founded the Hyderabad Philately Society. Eventually over the years people with different hobbies approached us and this evolved into the present Hyderabad Philately and Hobby Society,\" says Behearwani, also a founder-member of the society.The society meets once a month, every second Sunday at Deccan Jems and Jewellery Store in Abids, the premises of which belongs to an erstwhile member of the society. With dedicated collectors, jurors of international competitions, members of Royal Philatelic Society, authors of books on hobbies adorning the list of members of the society, it is not an easy task to find recognition in HPHS, says Rao.He recounts how he had gained esteem in this society of connoisseurs when he displayed some rare notes ordered to be printed by Nizam Mahboob Ali Khan in the year 1917 from Waterlow &amp; Sons, London. \"At that time it would take six months for the notes to arrive from London to the Calcutta harbour. However, before the whole collection arrived, a couple of notes were sent to the Nizam as samples, who rejected the design saying it was not colourful enough. He ordered all the notes be burnt at the Calcutta port when the consignment landed and ordered fresh notes be minted at the Nasik press a couple of years later. The notes I had were part of the London samples which remained in the Nizam's possession,\" narrates Rao.As part of its golden jubilee celebrations, the HPHS is planning an exhibition, an auction and seminars on philately. \"We have conducted small time exhibitions every now and then, be it coin fairs or stamp fairs. But this time it is going to be held on a massive scale for the first time after 1969 when a stamp exhibition was held to celebrate 100 years of the first postage stamp issued by the Hyderabad state,\" said Behearwani. The date is not fixed yet as the required permissions are still due, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12945560", "title": "She's cut a niche for herself in paper craft", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Countries around the globe differ in culture, but what remains similar is the attitude of people towards children, says US-based visual artist Tanya Hastings Gill, who has depicted the same through her artistic work of cut-paper craft and small paintings which will be put on display at Government Museum and Art Gallery in Sector 10 from Tuesday onwards.Her exhibition named 'Ever After' will have three segments to it namely 'Unseen', 'Underskin' and Panorama .In Underskin one would see large-scale hand cut paper silhouettes of children. She uses two layers of paper in the hand cuts and reflective colours on the back of the bottom layer to give a colourful reflection along with the shadow. The first layer of paper shows the pattern of children's clothing cut out and the second layer refers to life patterns that the child absorbs.Gill said, \"Underskin is mainly about memories that we hold to self, what we absorb inside us like experiences, moments that later on help us form our identity.\"Next to it would be the second segment named \"Unseen\" in which there will be small paintings showing children who have been removed from their surroundings. \"This segment was inspired by my travel across the globe during which I noticed societies which neglect children.\"In the end, one would see the most interesting piece of the exhibition, \"Panorama\" (March 2005 to January 2011). It is a long piece made of hologram paper which would intend the viewer to walk along. \"In this case it is not the paper one would focus on but the reflection that it would create,\" she said. The images cut on the hologram come from the photographs she clicked during her visit to India from 2005 till 2011. The scenes are mainly of places from Chandigarh to Delhi.For all her works, lighting would play an important role. \"All my works require perfect lighting or else they will not be able to create the magic it is supposed to and would not appear special,\" she said.The exhibition is being organized as a part of 44th anniversary of inception of Government Museum and Art Gallery. On May 5 and 6 workshops on hands on cut paper. Tanya is in India for Fullbright-Nehru grant to study the intersection of craft and contemporary art.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12949274", "title": "Samajwadi Party leader says his party prefers a Muslim for President post", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Samajwadi Party leader today said his party was in favour of a Muslim candidate occupying the post of the President but maintained that it was against \"communalising\" the elections for the constitutional office.SP leader Kamal Farooqi also said parties like SP, BSP and Trinamool Congress can have a consensus in supporting a presidential candidate but added that the idea was not to isolate the UPA.Noting that SP was in favour of a Muslim candidate as it wants to \"promote Muslims\" due to its \"solid Muslim vote base\", he said names of Vice-President Hamid Ansari , former Rajya Sabha deputy chairman K Rahman Khan and Chief Election Commissioner S Y Quraishi were making the rounds and they were being discussed in media and among people.Farooqi said favoured the names of Ansari, Khan and Quraishi terming them as \"able\" people who have proved themselves in their respective fields.He claimed that there seems to be a \"consensus at least among non-NDA parties\" and said if a good candidate is available \"in the market\" then a name could be decided.Recalling that though SP had supported former President A P J Abdul Kalam for the post in 2002, he was \"afraid\" that the Congress had certain \"inhibitions\" about his name this time.He said the SP will come out with its decision on the name of Presidential candidate shortly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12943783", "title": "They love chilling out and watching matches", "text": "LUDHIANA: These brothers are certainly from different mothers. But one thing is for certain - they cannot survive without talking and seeing each other. Akarsh Kaura, Rishabh Aggarwal, Gagandeep Singh, Siddharth Thapar, Gauravpreet Singh Banga, Japjeet Singh, a bunch of six friends who believe that they would be friends forever till last breath.Whereas Gagandeep Singh, Siddharth Thapar, Gauravpreet Singh Banga, Akarsh Kaura studied together in Sacred Heart Convent School, BRS Nagar, up to intermediate, Rishabh was a student of Sacred Heart Convent School, Sarabha Nagar, and Japjeet did his schooling from Guru Nanak Public School. All hailing from different backgrounds, the members of the group met each other for the first time at an accountancy tuition class.Resident of BRS Nagar, Akarsh Kaura said, \"Best thing about our group is the great tuning and understanding among members.'' He adds, \"Siddharth has been my classmate since nursery. I met the others at the accounts tuition class. Gagandeep is the most jovial in the group and Rishab is really chilled out.''Siddharth, a resident of Gurdev Nagar, said, \"My group spends most of their time at my house. I have a pool table and they all love to play snooker. Gaurav and Gagan are master players of the group, but sometimes Akarsh astonished others with his game. Japjeet is the silent member of the group, who speaks very less but actively participates in group activities.''Resident of Model Town, Gauravpreet said, \"Apart from playing snooker, all of us love to play video games and watch movies.''Rishabh, a resident of BRS Nagar, said, \"There have been instances when we have had fights among our group members, but we have always stood by each other no matter what. We know our strength lies in our unity,'' said Rishabh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12943967", "title": "Suspended Jaipur development authority officials back to work", "text": "JAIPUR: The Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) reinstated officials who were suspended for illegal felling of tress under their jurisdiction.The Jaipur development commissioner ( JDC) had suspended six officials including engineers around two months ago. A senior official at JDA said, \"The officials are allowed to perform their duties, till the inquiry report is presented. If the officials are found guilty in the report, action would be taken against them.\" The officials have been given field postings.In this regard the deputy zone commissioner had lodged an FIR with Harmara police station on February 20. According to officials, hundreds of trees near Chop village, where JDA has proposed a knowledge city, had been cut.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "ranchi/daltonganj", "code": "12944634", "title": "First interstate development plan for Maoist areas", "text": "RANCHI/DALTONGANJ: Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh on Monday announced the first interstate development plan to tackle the Maoist problem in bordering areas of Jharkhand and Chhattisgarh.Ramesh was on a two-day visit to Jharkhand during which he took stock of ground realities in Dumka and Latehar districts. \"I have in-principle agreed for the first interstate development plan proposed by the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) and Jharkhand police. The development plan will cover four blocks of Jharkhand in Latehar and Garhwa districts and one block in Balrampur district of Chhattisgarh ,\" said Ramesh.The development plan will cover an area of around 2,500 sq km and the Union rural development ministry will coordinate between the two states. The Centre will release the required funds for developing roads, building community centres and providing houses for families living in the Maoist-hit areas of the two states.\"This is the part of our endeavour to start development in Naxalite-hit areas that have been reclaimed by the security forces in the last one year. We want that every family living in these areas gets basic amenities at their doorsteps by providing all-season roads,\" said Ramesh, adding that the finer details of the project would be finalized soon.The minister also announced financial assistance of Rs 450 crore for the Sarju Development Plan that has been formulated by Latehar deputy commissioner on the lines of the Centre-sponsored Saranda Development Plan in West Singhbhum district. \"The Sarju Development Plan will cover four blocks of Latehar district, which is not part of the interstate development plan. It will bring positive changes in life of around 12,000 families living in 12 panchayats,\" he added.At the same time, he also criticized the state government for its failure to empower panchayats with their constitutional rights. \"Despite several reminders, the state government has failed to decentralize power in the state which in turn is affecting the pace of growth in rural areas,\" said Ramesh, adding that around Rs 700 crore of the MGNREGA funds remained unspent in the last fiscal year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12943714", "title": "Trains running to full capacity", "text": "JAIPUR: With the summer vacations round the corner, and families planning annual trips, trains to and fro from Jaipur will be running packed over the next few weeks.Those are looking for last-minute reservations will be left disappointed with the long waiting list for majority of trains to important destinations.\"Trains from Jaipur to destinations such as Chennai, Mumbai, and Chandigarh are running to full capacity,\" an official who looks after the bookings at the Jaipur division of North Western Railway said.Trains like Puja Express, Ashram Express, Jodhpur-Howarh and Jaipur-Mumbai superfast are running packed till the second week of May, an official said.Ahead of the summer rush , the North Western Railways have introduced at least two dozens specials starting from various divisions.Travel operators too, are enjoying brisk business with most people opting to escape the heat and head to hill stations like Manali, Kullu and Mcleodganj.\"We are offering packages which include travelling in air-conditioned vehicle, 2 night stay in 3-star hotels along with breakfast,\" said Trilok Singh, a Delhi-based tour operator who also takes bookings from Jaipur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12944372", "title": "Curchorem police book 5 mining trucks", "text": "MARGAO: Curchorem police have swung into action against violations of overspeeding and overloading of mining trucks and, on Monday, booked five trucks at Bansai, Curchorem.Following a state complaint lodged by PSI Sagun Sawant on April 28, Curchorem police registered an offence against five truck drivers on charges of driving their vehicles beyond the stipulated time thereby violating a high court order and the order issued by the director of mines and geology. They were also booked for overspeeding and overloading their vehicles.Mining trucks are prohibited from carrying out ore transportation after 6pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12943922", "title": "Woman gang-raped in northwest Delhi, one held", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 20-year-old woman working with a placement agency was allegedly gang raped by two persons in the Subhash Place area of northwest Delhi. One person has been arrested while a hunt is on for the other accused, police said.The incident took place on Saturday night when accused Amit Kumar, 19, called the woman on the pretext of some work to his friend's house, police said. One of Amit's friends was already present in the house. Having confined her to a room, they took turns to rape her, police said. They threatened the woman with dire consequences if she dared to inform cops about the incident.The woman, however, approached police after the incident. \"A medical examination of the woman was conducted at Babu Jagjivan Ram Hospital wherein sexual assault was confirmed. A case on charges of gang rape, taking hostage and threatening someone with dire consequences was registered against Amit and his friend,\" said a police officer.Amit was nabbed in a raid at his residence by cops. His friend, though, managed to give cops the slip, police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12943761", "title": "Having a blast at Chail", "text": "LUDHIANA: For them, spending quality time together away from the hustle and bustle of Ludhiana is not only rejuvenating, but a must.And so, 15 families of a kitty group here plan a vacation after every four months. This time, they enjoyed their weekend amidst the hills of Chail, near Shimla, Himachal Pradesh. The families have been planning such outings since 15 years.A couple from Dugri, Sukhdyal Singh and Baljit Kaur, said, \"We went to Chail on Friday and returned on Sunday. We had a blast there, staying on a hill top in tents and sitting beside bonfires at nights. The place was beautiful and the weather amazing.''Neena and Badish Jindal of Basant Avenue said, \"The view is splendid from Chail, one can see Kasauli, Shimla as well as Himalayas. We long to spend some more time there.''Another couple Vandana and Pardeep Wadhawan of Flower Enclave said, \"From elderly to children, all had a great time. Kids played antakshri and tambola and enjoyed a party where a DJ belted out peppy numbers. We wanted to go to Shimla too, but heavy rainfall checked our plans.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12944761", "title": "Youth Congress protests against police atrocities", "text": "PATNA: State Youth Congress members burnt the effigy of CM Nitish Kumar at the Dak Bungalow roundabout here on Monday to protest against the increasing cases of police atrocities on the common man, rising crime graph and deteriorating law and order. Lalan Kumar, state YC chief, led the protesters.The Youth Congress members took strong exception to the beating up of a trader, Niranjan Patel, by Bagaha DSP Ramanand Kaushal , his body guard and driver at Machuatoli here on Sunday.Kumar demanded suspension and arrest of the guilty cops and treatment of the trader at government expense. He alleged that police have gone berserk in different parts of the state in recent times despite the CM's claim that the rule of law revailed in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12945517", "title": "Government school students brave summer without water, power", "text": "GURGAON: With the electricity department disconnecting power supply in a large number of government schools for non-payment of bills, the students are braving the summers without drinking water and ventilation.When asked, the education department passed the buck to the state government and blamed lack of funds for the problem.\"The government gives Rs 2,500 per school per quarter to pay the electricity bills. This fund is not sufficient in some cases because the size of schools and number of classrooms varies. Also, we don't have the permission from the state government to utilize the unused funds from one school and spend it on the infrastructure of some other school,\" said Premlata Yadav, district elementary education officer (DEEO).She also pointed out that the teachers of some primary schools don't bother to pay the bills on time. \"Neither do they pay the bills on time nor do they take up the matter with the departments concerned. One should visit the electricity department to resolve the issue so that the students don't have to suffer. But I don't find many teachers bothered about doing anything in this regard,\" she added.The DEEO, however, sounded positive that the state government would release the grant soon so that the outstanding amount can be paid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12944502", "title": "Coal shortage to trigger power tariff hike", "text": "NAGPUR: Shortage of coal in various plants, providing power to MSEDCL, and wet coal problem in 2011 will prove costly for power consumers this year. MSEDCL had purchased electricity from the two power exchanges to make up for the reduction in generation in Mahagenco and NTPC plants. The cost of this power was higher than that produced by the regular sources. The extra burden will be passed on to consumers.Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC) has conditionally approved its demand to recover the additional amount and stating that it would examine the power purchases before clearing them.MSEDCL had filed a petition in February stating that the short term power purchases of MERC had to be relaxed for 2011-12 due to sharp decline in power availability from regular sources. The power distributor has cited eight reasons for this.Some of them are related to coal shortage. There was unprecedented coal shortage in September affecting all plants. Generation of Chandrapur, Khaparkheda and Paras plants was affected for some months as flooding of mines in Orissa caused coal shortage. Parli and Vindhyachal (NTPC) generation reduced as they got less coal from Singareni mines in Telangana. Wet coal reduced generation of Genco plants.There were some other reasons for reduced power availability. A unit in JSW plant (Jaigad) broke down for 28 days in May 2011 and 20 days in August. Dabhol plant generation went down due to gas shortage and production of Korba plant (NTPC) went down due to ash dyke problem.The company contended that due to these unforeseen problems, its demand-availability calculations went haywire and it had resort to load shedding in several parts of the state. This led to widespread public protests and MSEDCL had to purchase electricity from exchanges and by floating tenders for short term power purchase. MSEDCL started this April 2011 onwards.While these arguments are logical, one of contentions of MSEDCL show both the distributor and regulator in poor light. MSEDCL has pointed out that as per norms short-term power purchase does not require MERC approval, provided it is not more than 5% in quantum or cost. Since MERC had not determined the power purchase plan for 2011-12, the 5% limit was not applicable.MERC has directed MSEDCL to amend the tariff petition for 2012-13 and include these issues in it. The transactions would be vetted while determining the tariff for this fiscal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12945412", "title": "\u2018Mum\u2019s milk protects baby against cancer\u2019", "text": "Breastfeeding has many health benefits. Moms, now, add one more to the list - it protects babies against various forms of cancer , say researchers.A new study found high levels of cancer-fighting TNF- related apoptosis inducing ligand (TRAIL) in human milk, which the researchers say may be one of the sources of breast milk's anti-cancer activity.For the study in the 'Journal of Human Lactation' , published by SAGE, the researchers took samples of colostrum, the first milk available to newborns, and of mature breast milk from new mothers.The researchers found that colostrum and breast milk contained 400 and 100-fold , respectively, higher levels of TRAIL than blood. No TRAIL was detected in the formula.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12945892", "title": "Tumkur MLA\u2019s car driver out on bail", "text": "BANGALORE: Dayananda, the driver of Tumkur Rural MLA B Suresh Gowda's car that ran over a 69-year-old man, was released on bail, hours after he was arrested on Sunday.Police invoked Section 304-A of the Indian Penal Code against Dayananda who ran over Thimma Hanumaiah while he was crossing National Highway-4 at Doddeguppa, near Nelamangala. The section pertains to negligence causing death.Nelamangala Rural police said the case does not warrant graver sections like Section 304 of the IPC pertaining to culpable homicide which would have made it difficult to obtain bail. The MLA, meanwhile, did not turn up at the victim's residence at Mahaganapathi Nagar, Basaveshwaranagar, on Monday too. Gowda did not respond to calls as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "drug peddler held with 130kg poppy", "code": "12945641", "title": "News digest", "text": "Drug peddler held with 130kg poppy: Crime branch arrested Mohammed Dilshad, 27, and recovered 130kg poppy husk from his possession on Sunday. Dilshad has already been convicted in a case of narcotics peddling and currently he was on bail. Inspector Amanjot Singh said the accused was intercepted along with his rehri at a police naka following secret information. He said Dilshad was asked to produce permit of poppy husk and he tried to escape, but was nabbed. Dilshad is native of Haridwar district and is currently residing in Jhujar Nagar village in Mohali. A case was registered at police station sector 39. Earlier, Dilshad was convicted in a narcotics peddling case in June 2007.4 drunk men held: Four persons were arrested for creating ruckus in inebriated condition at public places on Sunday night. Gurdas Singh was arrested near Sector 36, Anil Kumar was nabbed from Sector 37, Jeevan Singh was arrested from near Sector 55 and Jaspal Singh from Sector 39. Police have registered four different cases.Man assaulted: A Sector 17 resident of Panchkula, Parveen Kumar, was attacked with sharp-edged weapons by a half-a-dozen youths near Manimajra on Sunday night. Parveen was returning home when assailants headed by Inderjit Singh of a slum colony in Panchkula attacked him with knives and swords. Parveen was rushed to Civil Hospital, Manimajra, and referred to GMH-16. A case of attempt to murder was registered at police station Manimajra.Tenant arrested: Police have arrested Joginder Singh for thrashing his landlord Gurdev Singh in Sector 23 on Sunday night. In his complaint to police, Gurdev alleged Joginder trespassed on his property and thrashed him with blunt weapons. A case was registered at police station sector 17.Man loses phone to snatchers: Two unidentified motorcyclists snatched the cellphone of Vibhu Kumar of Sector 33 near Terraced Garden, Sector 33, on Sunday night. The incident took place when Vibhu was walking near the garden and two youths on motorcycle took it away. Snatchers escaped from the spot and victim failed to note down the motorcycle number. A case was registered at police station Sector 36.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12944016", "title": "Centre relief for drought-hit Maharashtra", "text": "MUMBAI: Two days after Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi assured assistance to villagers of drought-hit Satara, the Centre on Monday 'favourably' recommended a Rs 1,110 crore relief package for Maharashtra, thereby confirming that 15 districts in the state are indeed hit by serious drought.This is a shift from the earlier stand that there is 'drought-like' situation and not 'drought-hit'. \"This is no more a drought-like situation, it is actually drought,\" Pravin Pardeshi, principal secretary, relief and rehabilitation, said. The recommendations were made following a meeting between a central team and CM Prithviraj Chavan and deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar.Help will be provided to farmers whose crops or fruits have been destroyed due to the drought, to set up fresh water supply schemes, for providing tankers to water-scarce regions and for fodder outside relief camps. Of the total package approved, Rs 780 crore has been kept aside for relief to agriculture, Rs 70 crore for horticulture, Rs 90 crore for water supply schemes, Rs 170 crore for fodder for cattle.Farmers whose crops have been destroyed will be given Rs 3,000 per hectare. For those who have suffered orchard losses, Rs 8,000 per hectare will be provided Following a closed-door meeting, via video conferencing, with the collectors of the affected district, Chavan passed on strict instructions to monitor the situation very closely. \"Collectors have been given powers to approve water schemes up to Rs 25 lakh,\" said an official.The state has so far distributed 10,000 tonne fodder, initiated 51 fodder depots and three camps. Services of 892 tankers are being used.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12943326", "title": "India to get more information on Swiss accounts", "text": "NEW DELHI: India and Switzerland have agreed on a more liberal interpretation of the identity rules under the Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement, which will help Indian tax authorities get more information on those illegally stashing wealth in Swiss bank accounts.Earlier, as part of the identity requirements, authorities had to compulsorily provide the name of the person and the name of the agency which had the information. The clause was seen to be restrictive and not in line with global norms as the Swiss authorities refused to share details.\"This agreement is beneficial to India because it gives liberal interpretation to the identity requirements for exchange of information which India will be seeking from Switzerland and is in line with international standards. The conditions, as clarified by Switzerland, will enable India to get information even if we have only limited details regarding the person having bank accounts in Switzerland,\" the statement said.Although the protocol was signed on April 20, the provision will be effective from April 2011, when the original pact was signed.As per the existing treaty, the requesting State has to compulsorily provide the name of the person under examination as part of the identity requirements without which the information will not be shared. This was a restrictive provision and not in line with international standards.Switzerland has now agreed to provide liberal interpretation on the identity requirements that it is sufficient if the \"requesting State identifies the person by other means than by indicating the name and address of the person concerned, and indicates to the extent known, the name and address of any person believed to be in possession of the requested information\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12947506", "title": "TCS becomes India's second most valued co", "text": "MUMBAI: For the second time within a week, Tata Group software services company TCS became the country's second most-valued firm with a market capitalisation of Rs 2.43 lakh crore, surpassing oil and gas major ONGC.At the end of trade, Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) commanded a market value of Rs 2.43 lakh crore -- the second highest for any listed company in India. This is nearly Rs 13,000 crore more than state-run ONGC's market value of around Rs 2.30 lakh crore.A sharp gain of 3.49 per cent in TCS' share prices pushed the company to the second position. In comparison, ONGC shares posted a gain of 2.22 per cent.On April 24, TCS had dethroned ONGC from the slot after the IT company's shares jumped 13 per cent jump in a single session with investors cheering robust 2011-12 earnings and an upbeat FY13 outlook.The market capitalisation of a listed company corresponds to the cumulative market price of all its shares. This figure changes daily with the change in the stock price.Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL) remains the most valued company with a market capitalisation of Rs 2.44 lakh crore. On January 5, TCS had toppled RIL as the country's most-valued firm as shares of the billionaire Mukesh Ambani-led corporate giant plunged sharply. Besides, TCS had replaced RIL from the top position for the first time on December 30, 2011 -- the last trading session of that year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12945559", "title": "In 4 years, only 5,309 stray dogs sterlized", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Even though the menace of stray dogs has been rising in the city, only 5,309 stray dogs have been sterilized in the city in last four years, which means three- four dogs are being sterilized on a daily basis. This nuisance continues despite municipal councillor Harjinder Kaur herself being bitten by a dog.The civic body continues to turn a blind eye towards the problem and is still hesitating to implement the notified dog bylaws in a proper manner. According to the records given in the monthly house meeting on Monday, 5,309 dogs were sterilized in the city in the last four years.What's more the birth rate of dogs has been increasing, though not much is being done to tackle it.At Monday's monthly house meeting, the municipal councillors said that officers of the concerned department of the civic body should be held responsible for failing to control the dog menace in the city and criminal liability should be fixed on them.Members of the house even doubted the seriousness of the concerned department to tackle the problem.Raising the issue, municipal councillor D S Sandhu said, \"Sterilization of dogs is not being done in the city in a proper manner. There are only two NGOs that are sterilizing dogs and that cannot make much difference. I have talked to veterinary hospital authorities in Panchkula and they have agreed to sterilize 25 dogs a week and we must take their help to minimize the problem.\" Responding to this, municipal commissioner Vivek Partap Singh assured that they would definitely consider taking help from the Panchkula hospital in the sterilization of dogs.Municipal councillor Subash Chawla said, \"There are some breeds which are violent and are banned in many cities and countries but here in Chandigarh, nothing has been done to identify violent breeds of dogs. This issue is a serious one and there is a need to tackle it.\"Municipal councillor Arun Soon said, \"If a pet dog bites someone, criminal liability is being fixed on the owner, so if a stray dog bites anyone the responsibility should be that of the concerned department and its officials.\" Members of house also said that officials were not implementing the dog bylaws in a proper manner. The bylaws were notified over one-and-a-half years ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12944411", "title": "Forensic report on Dana\u2019s answersheet awaited", "text": "GURGAON: There has been little progress in the Dana Sangma suicide investigation as the university is yet to finish its internal inquiry and cops are waiting for the FSL report on Dana's answersheet.The invigilator who \"caught\" Dana cheating has been sent on leave, according to sources. However, the Amity management maintained that the lecturer was in Mumbai for some personal work. Dana, an MBA student, committed suicide in her hostel room in Amity University hostel at Pachgaon village of Manesar on April 24, after she was allegedly caught cheating using the internet on her mobile phone during her exam. While police have lodged cases against the university for abetment to suicide and under the SC/ST act, the NCW has taken cognizance of the matter on its own and is also investigating the case.Dana's family has alleged that the invigilator tried to force Dana to give in writing that she had been cheating. The university did not confirm whether the invigilator had been suspended.\"Mr Ghatak is in Mumbai for some personal work. The university is conducting an internal inquiry in the matter and a report will be submitted soon,\" said retd Major General B S Suhag, vice-chancellor, Amity University. Police sources said Dana's answersheet, sent for forensic examination, was almost blank, but ACP Ravindra Tomar, the IO, said the matter was being investigated and refused to divulge details.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12944667", "title": "Curbs on cotton export eased, small gains to farmers", "text": "NAGPUR: Even though government has finally opened cotton exports banned last month, traders say the resulting jump in prices may not be enough to please the farmers. Cotton farmers of the region have always been affected due the low price for the crop. The ban on exports made it worse with rates plummeting close to minimum support price (MSP).As news about the decision spread across the markets by Monday afternoon, rates of lint (processed cotton), firmed up by around Rs 1000 a candy (365 kgs), and raw cotton prices only grew by a couple of hundred trading in the range of Rs 3800 to 4000 per quintal.As there will be clarity only after the details are out by Tuesday, sources say deals have come to a standstill with both traders and cotton growers preferring to wait and watch. Sources in the trade do not expect rates for raw cotton to go beyond Rs 4200, still below what farmers say is break even point. Farmers have been demanding minimum support price of Rs 6000 a quintal so as to earn a reasonable profit.\"Opening of Indian exports will bring down international rates due to sudden rush of supply. Though domestic market will see a little firming up immediately, the bearish trend internationally will ultimately rein in the prices in India too,\" said a broker operating for a Mumbai-based export house. China is the major buyer of Indian cotton as it is priced lowest in global market. Rates of lint for China contract have seen a jump of Rs 800 to Rs 34,200 a candy. He was skeptical about the prices of raw cotton going beyond Rs 4200 or so per quintal in long term.Over 15 to 20% of farmers have held on to their stocks hoping for a higher rate. However, the current trend seems to be only benefiting traders and ginners who will profit out of the boom as farmers can only expect a marginal rise in rates, said a source engaged in cotton purchase for a textile firm.Farm activist Kishore Tiwari said that Rs 4200 a quintal will not earn a profit for the farmers. The MSP should be raised to Rs 6000 a quintal, he added. This year the production is lower in Maharashtra despite the total land under cotton cultivation having gone up. Meanwhile, Ravi Agrawal, a cotton trader from Amravati, said raw cotton prices had jumped by around Rs 400 there and around 20 to 25% farmers who had held on to their stocks would be benefited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "machilipatnam", "code": "12943564", "title": "Government clears land hurdle for port", "text": "MACHILIPATNAM: With the all-party committee threatening to intensify protests against the delay in the launch of Machilipatnam port works, the state government has decided to increase the extent of land to be allocated to the port developer so that the works could start.Chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy is likely to make an announcement on the allocation of land during his visit to the town on Wednesday. After the district bandh observed by the all-party committee, local MLA Perni Nani met the chief minister, who believed to have told Nani that the government had decided to grant 4,800 acres of land to Navayuga Constructions, which is developing the port. Navayuga had sought 6,500 acres.So far, the district administration had handed over a marginal extent of land to the company resulting in inordinate delay of works. The Kiran government was willing to give only 3,600 acres to the firm which led to an impasse in the port works. Kiran unilaterally cancelled the allotment agreement made by his predecessor Rosaiah last August following uproar in the Assembly over the massive allotment of land to private firms in the name of development.Since then, the port developer and political parties have been crying foul over the delay in launching the prestigious project. At one point of time, Nani threatened to quit the party. But the chief minister stopped Nani from quitting the Congress with a promise to take an early decision on the issue.Meanwhile, the port and infrastructure department recommended 150 acres of land allocation for each berth. With 24 berths planned for Machilipatnam port, the department observed that land to the extent of 3,600 acres would suffice. However, the port developer expressed its inability to start work if only 3,600 acres is given. After sitting over the project for nearly 12 months, the CM finally seemed to have agreed to grant 4,800 acres.However, there is no clarity as to when the work would be launched as the contractor is firm on complete transfer of land. \"The project would become a reality only if the district administration hands over the entire land within 3-4 months,\" said a senior revenue official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12944980", "title": "Only grades from 2012-13 board exams", "text": "PANAJI: Students answering the Class X and XII public examinations of the Goa Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education in April 2013 will be allotted only grades on their marksheets for the first time, the board has said in a new circular.The Goa Board introduced the grading system during the April 2011 public exams, but decided to mark students with grades as well as marks on the marksheets to enable them to understand the system during the first year of the grading system's implementation. The board continued the system of allotting marks and grades during this year's exams too after confusion in 2011 over conversion of marks into grades.In the 2012-13 academic year, the Goa Board will finally put its original plans of marking students only in grades into force.\"The board's statement of grades cum passing certificate shall contain only grades secured by the candidate (during the academic year 2012-13). However, the marks range equivalent of a grade will be given on the reverse of the certificate,\" states the circular of the Goa board issued to all high schools and higher secondary schools under its control.The grading system in its current form will continue to be in force. A student who has secured 'A' grade falls in the marks range of 91 to 100%, one who has secured 'B' grade falls in the range of 81 to 90% marks, 'C' grade will translate into 71 to 80% marks and so on and so forth.The new circular also states that if a student wishes to seek admissions to an institute based outside Goa, which needs to know the exact marks scored by the student as part of its admission procedure, then the Goa board will 'issue transcript of marks directly to the institutions/boards/universities' to which the student has sought admission.The new circular of the board also states that whenever there is a revision in syllabus, 'the repeaters will be given three years to procure qualifying grades, including the year of his/her first attempt at the public examination, in the pre-revised syllabus/text in which the examination was answered at the first attempt. Thereafter, the repeater candidate shall have to answer the uncleared subject/s in the revised syllabus'. Students who have cleared the Class X and XII examinations will be given just one opportunity to improve their grades within two years of passing the exams. The new circular states that the first mid-term test is to be conducted in the first week of August, the first term examination prior to the Diwali vacation and the second term examination during January.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12944639", "title": "Temporary stoppage for trains at Poonkunnam station for 2 days", "text": "MANGALORE: The Southern Railways will provide one minute stoppage at Poonkunnam station on Tuesday and Wednesday in connection with Thrissur Pooram festival to select trains. These include train no. 16307/16308 Kannur - Ernakulam South - Kannur Express, train no. 16305/16306 Kannur - Ernakulam South - Kannur Express, train no. 16301/16302 Thiruvananthapuram - Shoranur - Thiruvananthapuram Venad Express, train no. 16649/16650 Thiruvananthapuram - Mangalore - Thiruvananthapuram Parasuram express, and train no. 16341/16342 Thiruvananthapuram - Guruvayur - Thiruvananthapuram intercity express.In addition, stoppage will be given to train no. 6348 Mangalore - Thiruvananthapuram Express on May 1, and to train no. 16629 Thiruvananthapuram - Mangalore Malabar Express, train no. 16343 Thiruvananthapuram - Palakkad Town Amritha Express, 16344 Palakkad Town -Thiruvananthapuram Amritha Express, and train no. 16630, Mangalore -Thiruvananthapuram Malabar Express on May 2 respectively.Train no. 56602 Kannur - Shoranur Passenger will be extended to Thrissur on May 1. The train will leave Shoranur at 8.45 pm, reach Vallathol Nagar at 8.55 pm, Mullurkkara at 9.02 pm, Wadakkancheri at 9.13 pm, Mulangunnathukavu at 9.23 pm, Poonkunnam at 9.33 pm and Thrissur at 9.40 pm. The train will halt at each of the intermediate stations for two minutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12946144", "title": "Neighbour attacks teenage girl after being reprimanded", "text": "KANPUR: In a shocking incident, a 21-year-old youth slit a teenage girl's throat with a knife, on Monday. The incident took place in Saketnagar locality in Barra police area.The victim, identified as Neeti Gangwar, daughter of Ajay Gangwar, a resident of Saketnagar, was rushed to Kamlapati Memorial Hospital in a critical state. The accused, Chandan, son of Suresh, is also a resident of Saketnagar area. He works in a private workshop in Dadanagar area and is reported to be absconding after the attack.According to reports, on Monday morning, Neeti had reprimanded Chandan for trying to steal cable TV connection from her cable wire. Chandan took it as his insult and later attacked Neeti with a sharp-edged knife when she had gone to dry the clothes at the rooftop of her house.Even as the locals rushed to Neeti's rescue, the accused managed to escape from the spot. Neeti was rushed to KPM Hospital and was provided medical assistance to stop bleeding. She was declared out of danger by the doctors.A case in this regard has been lodged and the police have launched a manhunt to nab the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12944713", "title": "Jharkhand Vikas Morcha chalks out bypoll strategy", "text": "RANCHI: Not having fielded a single candidate for the Rajya Sabha election, Jharkhand Vikas Morcha (Prajatantrik) iterated its stand on Rajya Sabha elections and came up with a detailed programme list targeting the Hatia assembly byelection. Soon after the two-day executive committee meet, legislative party leader Pradeep Yadav addressed media and said that the party is not going to reconsider its decision about abstaining from the Rajya Sabha election.\"No one can predict future and as of date the Congress has made no efforts in accepting the demands that we had put forward,\" he said.Adopting a political resolution , the party decided to take up a phase-wise programme for women empowerment, minorities and those affected in the anti-encroachment drive. The party has also given ultimatum of one month to the state government for distributing text books to school students.Meanwhile All Jharkhand Students union (AJSU) formed a nine-member central committee along with three special invitees. The committee would meet on Wednesday and would be authorized to take all political decisions. The announcement was made by party chief Sudesh Mahato . The party has not disclosed its stand about the impending Rajya Sabha elections, yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12944816", "title": "Calangute MLA, sarpanch object to police shutting eateries after 11 pm", "text": "PANAJI: Police forced restaurants and eateries around the Calangute-Candolim coastal belt to stop serving not only liquor but also food after 11pm on Sunday, prompting the Calangute MLA Michael Lobo and Calangute sarpanch Joseph Sequeira to rush to the state election commissioner on Monday morning.The police action is a result of the code of conduct for the panchayat elections slated for May 16. But fearing that the early closure of food and liquor outlets along the coastal belt will divert tourists elsewhere for the 22 days left of the season, Lobo and Sequeira have urged the SEC to direct police not to stop eateries from serving food after 11pm and to relax the liquor timings till 12 midnight.Briefing mediapersons near the SEC's Altinho office in Panaji , Lobo said that after 11pm on Sunday, he received dozens of phone calls from restaurateurs and hoteliers complaining that police had ordered them to stop serving not only liquor but food as well. Lobo expressed strong resentment that police had stopped restaurants from serving food as well when the code of conduct does not stop serving of food after 11pm. \"The tourists go out to eat only at 11pm. This will send a wrong signal to tourists and Goa's tourism will suffer. We have also requested the SEC to relax the timings to serve liquor from 11pm till 12 midnight,\" Lobo said.The SEC M Modassir told mediapersons that he had received representations from many hoteliers that the code of conduct and the time restrictions on liquor were affecting business. Modassir said police had acted wrongly in stopping restaurants from serving food after 11 pm. He said he will consider various factors and decide whether there should be a relaxation on serving of liquor in towns where there are no elections. But in villages holding panchayat elections, a review of the timing restrictions are very much in doubt, Modassir said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12950700", "title": "Naxal fear prompts civic body members to resign in Gadchiroli", "text": "NAGPUR: A zila parishad and four panchayat samiti members submitted their resignations in Naxal-affected Bhamragarh tehsil of Gadchiroli in eastern Vidarbha on Tuesday.The elected representatives of the civic body has been issued threats by the Naxals who want them to resign from their post.The Naxals had already eliminated a couple of senior politicians in the district, including Bhamragarh tehsil, since early this year, and had also abducted the tehsil of the place, but released him later.State home minister RR Patil , also guardian minister for Gadchiroli, rushed to Bhamragarh tehsil where the elected representatives were submitting their resignation on Maharashtra Day following the diktat of the Naxals.Patil, in his address, said that the resignations would not be accepted, and appealed to the office bearers against following the diktat.The representatives were elected in the civic body election in February. The elected representatives in Etapalli and Korchi talukas too are also likely to follow the Naxals' order to vacate their posts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12944837", "title": "'Blade man' attacks two more girls", "text": "PATNA: Even as the Patna Police have geared up to check terror unleashed by a 'blade man', two young girls fell prey to him in two separate localities in Patna City sub-division on Monday. The blade man has so far injured 26 persons, mostly children and women, in the past 12 days in different localities, including Noon ka Chauraha, Sadar Gali, Lodi Katra and other areas, falling under the jurisdictions of different police stations in Patna City subdivision.In the first incident on Monday, one Kanchan Kumar (12) sustained cut injury on her hand at Pir Damaria locality under Malsalami police station when she was accompanying her sister for her admission in a local college at around 12 noon. A youth passed close to her and later she found blood oozing out from one of her hands. The girl was given treatment at a private nursing home. The local police denied any information about the incident.In another incident that took place at Paschim Darwaza locality under Alamganj police station, a young girl Pooja, a resident of Belwarganj locality, sustained cut mark on her hand when she was on way to a local market. She was later treated at a private nursing home. A police officer at Alamganj police station said that a police team had been sent to inquire about the incident.Central range DIG Sunil Kumar said that six police teams had been deployed in civvies in the affected areas to arrest those involved in such incidents.He said that lady constables had also been deployed in the affected localities. \"We are planning to install hidden cameras to check the activities of the blade man,\" the DIG said and added that the police were also getting the cooperation from the locals.Khajekalan police station SHO Prem Kumar said that the police are going to release Arun Kumar alias Shivjee on personal bond as nothing had been found against him. Arun, who was suspected to be the blade man, was detained by Khajekalan police on April 29.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12943418", "title": "Kripashankar\u2019s assets likely to be worth Rs 370cr", "text": "MUMBAI: The police team probing the assets case against former city Congress chief Kripashankar Singh has found at least five new properties collectively valued at over Rs 50 crore in addition to assets worth more than Rs 320 crore his family is said to own, sources in the security establishment have said.While cops who are part of the SIT declined to speak, saying they had submitted their report to the Bombay HC and the SC, sources said the police probe was not limited to the one by the ACB.The new properties found include commercial premises and are located in Mumbai and other parts of the state.Hearing a public interest litigation, the high court had on February 22 ordered Mumbai police chief Arup Patnaik to probe the charges against Singh, his wife, son Narendra, daughter and other family members. The PIL alleged that Singh and his family had properties worth more than Rs 320 crore. The court's order came after it received the ACB's probe report.Narendra (33) had earlier claimed that he did not own properties valued over Rs 148 crore. \"I would love to see these properties. I suggest the government sell them and donate the proceeds to a charitable trust,\" Narendra, who is facing charges of abetment in his father's disproportionate assets case, had said. Despite his claims that he did not own several of the properties mentioned by cops, including an office space of 22,500 sq ft in HDIL building at BKC worth Rs 112 crore, another office space of 12,000 sq ft in Wadhwa Building, Trade Link Centre, BKC, valued at Rs 36 crore and shops in HDIL building in Bhandup, sources said the police probe had established that at least 90% of the properties were in name of Narendra or that of his relatives.It is learned that as per the police probe, the income of Singh's family is much lesser than that mentioned in the ACB report. \"Also, Singhs own more properties than what is mentioned in the PIL and the ACB report. A copy of the report has been submitted to the courts in a sealed envelope and the police are continuing their probe,\" the sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12943723", "title": "Holidayers worried over rising fare", "text": "JAIPUR: Those planning to go on a vacation from Jaipur should be ready to shell out more for air travel.A change in demand-supply equilibrium has doubled the air fares on all major tourist destinations from the city.Jaipur has direct flight connecting to tourist hotspots like Goa and Jammu. A month ago, the fare was around Rs 5,100 for Goa and 2,600 for Jammu. With the closure of schools, the fare on these destinations has risen to Rs 5,500 and Rs 4,400 respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12943923", "title": "Heat wave back: State reeling under 42 degrees Celsius", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After a short spell of relief from the heat, mercury shot up again with many parts of the state seething at 42 degrees Celsius. Heat wave is back to scorch Gujarat. And the state meteorological department officials said that heat wave conditions will continue to prevail on Tuesday as well, especially in Kutch.In north Gujarat, temperature is expected to rise further by a degree or two, but will not qualify for heat wave conditions as the normal temperature in these parts of the state at this time of the month remains around 41 degrees Celsius. \"Heat wave conditions are declared when the temperature rises four degrees higher than the normal temperature,\" said Manorama Mohanty, meteorologist of India Meteorology Department (IMD), Gujarat.Officials said that a western disturbance has recently passed from the state due to which the winds have become north westerly. Due to this the temperature is rising.Ahmedabad along with Rajkot and Amreli recorded 42 degrees Celsius. In Kutch, which braved heat wave conditions on Monday, the temperature was 41.5 degrees Celsius. Gandhinagar too was hot at 41.5 degrees Celsius.Weather officials said that the temperatures are expected to normalize by Wednesday, but it will remain hot as the normal temperatures at this time of the season hover around 41 degrees Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12944135", "title": "Gopalgarh clash: CBI quizzes officials for nine hours", "text": "JAIPUR: The CBI on Monday quizzed SDM, Deeg, Kamaruddhin for almost nine hours and summoned two more administrative officials to Delhi for questioning in connection with the Gopalgarh violence in Bharatpur. The two officers - Pahari SDM BL Raman and Pahari tehsildar Beniprasad Yadav -- have been asked to be present before the investigation officers on Tuesday.The agency has reportedly found some CDs which could be related to the Gopalgarh case, sources said.Based on the reports suggesting that some of the officials were allegedly involved in video recording of the whole Gopalgarh killing on September 14, 2011, a CBI team had landed in Deeg and questioned a few officials to find out if there were some CDs in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12947828", "title": "Zohra Jabeen no more", "text": "Achala Sachdev, the yesteryear actress who delighted everybody with her famous role in the film Waqt and her famous song Ae Meri Zohra Jabeen died in Pune on April 29 in the evening. Sachdev, who lived a lonely autumnal life, died silently, far away from the limelight. She died alone, without her son and any friend from her illustrious film career by her side.Eighty-eight-year-old Sachdev lived in Pune over 40 years in the Bund Garden area and was known not only as an actor but also for her philanthropy. A few of her friends in the city took care of her when she was ailing in the hospital. She will be cremated today at Vaikuntha, after her son Jyotin, who stays in USA reaches the city.Her physician Dr Vinod Shah, while talking to Mirror said that Sachdev was bedridden for over six months in a semi conscious state. Three days ago she was moved to the ICU as her condition became critical when she had a throat infection which lead to respiratory failure. She breathed her last at 5.30 in the evening. \"Over these six months, her son Jyotin visited her twice,\" added Shah.Rajiv Nanda, her close friend who was taking care of her at the hospital, said, \"All I can say is that there will not be any more pains for her. She was a wonderful soul and did a lot of social work, even though she lived on her own.\"The only members from the film industry who met Sachdev were Ramesh and Seema Deo, who visited her on December 25, after reading a report on her critical condition that appeared in Mirror. An emotional Ramesh Deo and his wife had hummed the song Ae Meri Zohra Jabeen especially for her.Recalling the experience, Deo said, \"We are lucky we could meet her before her death. To be honest, she is actually free now as she was in a critical and painful condition. It always happens with artists. When they are in the limelight, they get too much attention. Once its over they die alone. I am deeply hurt and saddened by her death.\"His wife and actress Seema started her career as a child artiste with Sachdev in Ayodhyapati. \"She always used to be happy. She loved chatting with people and she used to treat everybody with respect. As an actress she was very particular about her looks and acting. She was like a mother figure. I still don't and will never forget her beautiful face in that song from Waqt, when I sang Ae meri Zohra Jabeen that day in her ears. I could see a different spark in her eyes, but her condition was so critical. She will always stay in our hearts,\" said Seema.The Deo couple remarked sadly that despite having worked with so many actors in her lifetime, it was sad that nobody came to see her when she lay dying.Remembering his co-actress Achala, Amitabh Bachchan tweeted last evening, \"Deeply saddened to learn of the news of Achala Sachdev ji passing away ... prayers and condolences!\"Mirror has learnt that around the time when Sachdev breathed her last, several senior Bollywood stars Biswajeet, Waheeda Rehman , Asha Parekh, Zeenat Aman, Prem Chopra, Shoba and Vijay Khote were in Pune to mark 100 years of Indian cinema.May 3, 1920 to April 30, 2012 Life and times of Achala SachdevBorn in Peshawar in 1920, Achala Sachdev started off as a child actor, later coming to be known for her roles as mother and grandmother in many Hindi films.She made her film debut with Fashionable Wife (1938), going on to act in more than 130 Hindi films including Prem Pujari, Mera Naam Joker, Hare Rama Hare Krishna and Andaz among others. Her most memorable cameo remains as Balraj Sahni's wife in the 1965 blockbuster Waqt where she was part of the legendary song Ae Meri Zohra Jabeen.More recently, Sachdev played Kajol's grandmother in Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge and Amitabh Bachchan's mother in Kabhi Khushi Kabhi Gham. She was last seen in the Hrithik Roshan starrer Na Tum Jaano Na Hum (2002). In addition to Hindi films, Sachdev also acted in English language films like Mark Robson's Nine Hours to Rama (1963) and Merchant Ivory's The Householder (1963).Not many people know that Sachdev worked for All India Radio, Lahore , prior to the partition, later working for All India Radio, Delhi.She became a resident of Pune after marrying Clifford Douglas Peters who had a factory in Bhosari. Achala has two children, elder Jyotin from her first marriage and a daughter from her second marriage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12945927", "title": "Woman's decomposed body found in IAF campus in Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: The mutilated and decomposed body of a 30-year-old woman was found on the sprawling campus of IAF station's aeronautical division on MES Road, Jalahalli, on Monday evening.The body was found in an isolated area within the campus.\"Her face and some other parts have been eaten away by animals, mostly dogs. Her identity is still not known. We are questioning people in the area and trying to find out whether any woman in that age group has gone missing. The body appears to have been lying in the bushes for at least two days,\" a senior police officer said.Given the security within the campus, it is impossible to sneak into the area without being noticed. \"If it is a body of an outsider then it is a serious security lapse,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12943629", "title": "Three held for kidnapping", "text": "MUMBAI: The city crime branch arrested three persons for kidnapping a three-month-old child in Mahim on March 23. Those arrested include a couple who had allegedly purchased the toddler.Ali, his wife Payal and Jaggu kidnapped Makhdoom from the streets while his parents were at work. The crime branch traced Jaggu to Kolkata and retrieved the baby from him on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12944937", "title": "Serial attacker held", "text": "LUCKNOW: Police on Monday claimed to have work out the cases of serial punch attacks. The incidents of serial punch attack took place on March 30 in Ghazipur, Chinhat and Gomtinagar police station areas.The police claimed to have arrested the serial attacker and identified him as Prashant Tiwari, a resident of Chinhat police station area.The motive police claim was the sadistic pleasure being derived by the attacker by hitting people randomly. According to the police, he had been involved in such incidents earlier also in 2010 and 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12945577", "title": "Comment by Bhawani Shankar Tripathy", "text": "GURGAON: Some 1,000 years ago, one person clearly understood the importance of water for \"survival, settlement, and development of human society.\" He translated his vision into the largest man-made lake in Asia that history has recorded, a lake that spreads over an area of 31sqkm, with a catchment area of 361km.The person was Raja Bhoj, the king who ruled Bhopal in the 11th century. The lake is called the Upper Lake. Together with another smaller lake called the Lower Lake, created by yet another ruler, they came to be called the Bhoj wetland. The Upper Lake alone meets 40% of Bhopal's drinking water demand, providing 30 million gallons per day (MGD) - an amount equivalent to what Gurgaon receives today through an 80-km long canal.Raja Bhoj's vision earned Bhopal its identity of City Of Lakes. Since its creation, the Upper Lake continues to be a sustainable source of water, employment, agriculture, tourism and biodiversity. The lake changed the entire eco-system, encouraging the growth of forests and wildlife. It became a haven for nature and beauty in central India. Rightfully, the Bhoj wetland has been declared a wetland of international importance.What is even more amazing is that Raja Bhoj achieved this wonder feat with local village resources, building a dam across a river passing through the hills, thus demonstrating his excellent understanding of geography and hydraulics. The hills served as natural barriers for creating this huge reservoir.Like Bhopal, Gurgaon too was blessed with a number of small and large water bodies - and hills. According to a groundwater resource mapping study of the Haryana State Remote Sensing Application Centre, Gurgaon district has five lakes: Khalilpur lake, Chandani lake, Sangel-Ujhina lake, Kotla dahar lake and Najafgarh lake. These were formed from inland depressions, and ideal to catch rainwater in bulk. One of the biggest natural lakes in Gurgaon is the Damdama Lake, which fills a depression in the Aravali hills. Sahibi and Indrani are two important seasonal streams of the district. The district receives an average of 600mm of rain, which is good.Unfortunately, unplanned concrete expansion and a clear apathy towards preserving these natural reservoirs have killed most of these water bodies. Nearly 1,200 hectares of water bodies have been lost in six districts of southern Haryana since the state's formation: Gurgaon, Mahendergarh, Rewari, Mewat, Faridabad and Palwal. This was admitted by P K Das, Haryana's Financial Commissioner and principal secretary, Science and Technology department at a workshop on the \"Change Detection Study of Surface Water Bodies in Southern Haryana\" held in Delhi recently.\"In Gurgaon and Faridabad regions, many water bodies have become extinct because of urbanisation while in other regions water bodies are being used for village waste water storage which has made them highly polluted and sedimented,\" he admits.It is difficult to understand why the government of Haryana has allowed the destruction of existing natural lakes instead of preserving them and constructing more lakes. Especially when the city faces a huge potential water scarcity in the near future, water availability and its efficient management needs to be given topmost priority.In olden times, cities and villages survived and prospered simply because they cared for and managed their water resources carefully. Construction of reservoirs to catch rain water was the most effective traditional water harvesting system in India. In dry areas, water was caught and stored in baolis and artificial ponds. Such reservoirs, both small and large, not only helped in providing drinking water from a source closer home but also met the water needs for animal husbandry, industry, fisheries and for other economic activities.Both large and small water reservoirs (rivers, lakes and ponds) are always more effective in recharging groundwater than rooftop water harvesting can ever achieve. Through gradual percolation into aquifers, these reservoirs ensure that deep wells dug at some distance from them always had water. For effective and rapid recharging of groundwater, rainwater must be caught directly in large volume in large surface reservoirs, or channelled from other areas into existing reservoirs.Gurgaon is supplied water brought through a canal that originates from Kakroi village in Sonipat district. The canal's water carrying capacity is 180 cusecs, which is about 113 million litres per day (about 35 MGD). A new 70-km long channel called the NCR channel, with a carrying capacity of 800 cusecs of water, has been under construction for some time now.The infrastructure cost for supplying water in this fashion can be extremely expensive. Yet, despite availability of technologically advanced resources and expertise, we continue to demonstrate actions that are detrimental to the sustainable survival of Gurgaon. This must stop.We expect better vision and foresight from our government. On water, we want our chief minister to think and act like Raja Bhoj!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12949107", "title": "SC reserves order on Mayawati's plea in disproportionate assets case", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Tuesday reserved its order on BSP supremo Mayawati's plea challenging CBI probe in the disproportionate assets case lodged against her by the CBI over eight years ago.A bench headed by P Sathasivam reserved its order after two-hour-long hearing during which the former Uttar Pradesh chief minister accused the CBI for \"fixing\" the disproportionate assets (DA) case against her, a charge refuted by the agency.Mayawati had filed a petition in May 2008 seeking quashing of the criminal proceedings against her in the DA case lodged by the CBI over eight years ago, alleging it was an act of political vendetta.Mayawati's counsel had said the bench should direct the CBI to consider the aspect of order passed by the Income Tax Tribunal holding that her income was genuine. The order had also been upheld by the Delhi high court, he had pointed out.The CBI, during earlier hearings, had said there was \"ample evidence\" to show that she had amassed wealth disproportionate to her known sources of income.She had claimed she had received the money through donations from party workers.Questioning Mayawati's assets, the CBI had said that her declared assets of Rs one crore in 2003 had gone up to Rs 50 crore in 2007.The CBI, in its last affidavit filed on September 13, 2011, had alleged there was a \"criminal nexus\" between Mayawati and her relatives and the disproportionate assets case against her cannot be closed on the basis of conclusions arrived at by the Income Tax department.The agency had rejected Mayawati's stand that the DA case should come to an end after the income tax authorities had accepted her income tax assessments.(Inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12944049", "title": "Man returns home after 75 days' captivity in Qatar", "text": "JAIPUR: Babu Khan Badgujar, a mason from Sikar, is a lucky man. He returned to the city on Saturday after two-and-half months of solitary confinement in Qatar . His employer had kept him confined in an unidentified place in the midst of camels. His release can be attributed to the efforts made by the state government and the Bharat Utthan Trust, an NGO in Sikar, for raising the captivity issue.With dreams of a better life, he had left for Gulf to work as a cook but his dream was crushed the moment his flight landed at the Doha International Airport. He was sold by his first employer for Rs 200 Riyal per month to another employer who sent him to graze camels in the desert area stretching hundreds of kilometres.\"He was left alone with a tent for shelter, rice and potatoes for food and a tank of water for drinking and other purposes,\" said Kaimkhany, who tirelessly worked for Badgujar's release. Another employer of Nepali origin managed to call Badgujar's family in Sikar, who were worried about his whereabouts.His family contacted chief minister Ashok Gehlot , who wrote a letter to the ministry of external affairs asking for help. Following which the Indian embassy in Doha swung into action and traced Badgujar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12943689", "title": "Father, his friend held for raping girl", "text": "MARGAO: Shocking as it seems, a 14-year old girl was allegedly repeatedly raped by her father who also allowed her to be sexually abused by his friend in exchange for a bottle of booze. The father and his friend have been arrested.Police sources said the girl's mother lodged a complaint with the police accusing the girl's father, a resident of Sanguem, of raping his daughter, thus committing incest. He also allegedly made his daughter \"available\" to his friendin return for which he would be ensured his daily requirement of liquor.Police have booked an offence against the victim's father and his friend. Curchorem PI Siddanth Shirodkar said a medical examination has confirmed that the girl was raped. The girl has been sent to a protective home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "12944597", "title": "Bloodless Sendra in Dalma: Forest department", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The forest department has been successful enough in barring the people of tribal community from hunting animals in the Dalma sanctuary following a traditional practice to celebrate the Bishu Sendra festival on Monday. An effective awareness campaign for weeks coupled with adequate security arrangements helped the forest administration.The forest department officials said a relatively modest group of tribal people climbed the Dalma forest and observed the festival peacefully without causing any harm to the inhabitants in the sanctuary.\"No incident of animal hunting in the sanctuary cover on Monday has been reported yet,\" said divisional forest officer, wildlife, Dalma sanctuary, Kamlesh Pandey. He said one person was arrested with his firearm when he attempted to venture into the protected area in the sanctuary.Apart from the forest department, the district administration of the East Singhbhum and Seraikela-Kharswan had deployed magistrates at over a dozen entry points to prevent the tribal people carrying sharp weapons and fire arms from entering the forest cover.Alluding towards the drastic fall in the number of tribal people climbing into the forest this year, Pandey said hardly 200 people ventured into the forest cover.An official in the Dhalbhum forest division said tight security arrangements in the Dhalbhum and Ghatshila check points prevented the tribal people, mostly those from neighbouring Odisha, from carrying weapons and entering into the forest cover.\"We conducted checking drives on Badhudih-Patamda road (leading to the Dalma forest) and stopped several people carrying weapons before entering into the sanctuary,\" said forester Ramji Rai. The festival enthusiasts from Bengal were checked at Raghunathpur and Purulia, entry points to Seraikela district, he added.However, Dalma Buru Sendra Samity, (DBSS), the outfit largely involved in organizing the festival said the festival was organized in a traditional manner. \"We did kill a wild bore, a deer, a sheep and few birds in Patamda area (of the forest cover) as mark of traditional practice,\" claimed DBSS functionary, Demka Soy.Scores in the tribal community said tribal people from Orissa and Bengal along with some from Jharkhand climbed to the Dalma forest to hunt wild animals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12944809", "title": "Legislators clueless about Rajya Sabha members from Jharkhand", "text": "RANCHI: \"There are four Rajya Sabha seats in Jharkhand of which two are vacant. JPN Singh is one of the MPs. I don't remember the other person's name. We are not at all satisfied with their performance,\" Menka Sardar, BJP MLA from Potka, said on Monday.It proves how connected the Rajya Sabha MPs from the state are with those (MLAs) who had voted for them. The fact that Jharkhand has six seats in the Upper House and the legislators need to elect two representatives this time, against the seats vacated by S S Ahluwalia of BJP and Mabel Rebello of Congress is not something all the MLAs know.TOI randomly spoke to the MLAs who will elect two MPs for Rajya Sabha. Surprisingly, legislators cutting across party lines fumbled in naming the MPs and couldn't even correctly tell how many seats Jharkhand has in the upper house of Parliament. None of them remembers that Dhiraj Sahu of Congress, JPN Singh of BJP, K D Singh of All India Trinamool Congress and independent Parimal Nathwani are the sitting MPs in Rajya Sabha.\"I think there are four seats from Jharkhand in Rajya Sabha. Dhiraj Sahu and K D Singh are two sitting MPs and two are vacant for which we are going to elect people on May 3. We had requested Sahu to sanction funds for a school building. Despite his assurance, it never happened,\" JVM(P) MLA from Sindri, Phul Chand Mandal, said. Umakant Rajaka, AJSU MLA from Chandankiyari said: \"I remember the names of K D Singh, Parimal Nathwani and JPN Singh but there is one more. Jharkhand has six seats in the upper house and two are vacant. Ahluwaliaji, despite being a member, had stayed here hardly for six days during his six-year long tenure.\"\"One MP is an independent - K D Singh, another is from Reliance. I don't remember his name. Two seats are vacant. That means there are four seats in Rajya Sabha. These MPs are not at all concerned about the well-being of the state.\" said Banna Gupta, Congress MLA from West Jamshedpur.While some blamed this lack of knowledge on the MPs for being confined to Delhi once elected, others blamed it on the provision for \"outsiders\" to the state. \"We know the nature of people's representatives who hardly remember their electors. But at least they should carry out their responsibilities wherever they are,\" said Gupta, who cut a sorry face for forgetting name of his own party's MP in Rajya Sabha - Dhiraj Sahu. Expressing dissatisfaction over his performance, Gupta said he must improve his performance and increase his activities in the upper house.Gurcharan Nayak of BJP blamed it on \"outsiders\". \"We objected to the candidature of Anshuman Mishra but once again when Ahluwalia's name was proposed, we had to accept him,\" he said.JVM(P), which will abstain from voting, too, has legislators who are unaware of the number of seats and sitting representatives. Mistry Soren and Phul Chand admitted that they are not sure about the names of the Rajya Sabha MPs. \"Unless they come to state, participate in some programmes or raise some issues related to our state in Rajya Sabha, how can we remember them?\" Mandal asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12944176", "title": "Presidential poll: BJP to oppose Cong candidate, Mulayam not inclined to back Kalam", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP on Monday opposed Congress's bid for a consensus over the presidential elections, saying that it would not support any Congress candidate, but reached out to the non-UPA players for an understanding.\"We will not accept any Congress candidate, including Pranab Mukherjee , for the president's post,\" leader of opposition in Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj said after emerging from a meeting with party chief Nitin Gadkari , L K Advani and her counterpart in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley. She also questioned Vice-President Hamid Ansari's credentials for the top constitutional position, saying that he \"lacks stature\".However, Swaraj said BJP could support the candidate sponsored by non-Congress players, whereas the latter could support a BJP nominee as vice-president.The BJP leader said the principal opposition would support former president A P J Abdul Kalam if his candidature was endorsed by Samajwadi Party , which after its landslide win in UP elections has emerged as a crucial swing factor in the contest to decide who gets to succeed Pratibha Patil in Rashtrapati Bhawan.Swaraj linked the decision to the party's plan for the 2014 Lok Sabha elections, saying that any understanding with Congress on the presidential polls would detract from its resolve to defeat the lead UPA player. \"We are looking at 2014 elections and do not want to give the impression that we have any truck with the Congress,\" she said.She was speaking to reporters a day after defence minister A K Antony discussed Congress's probables for Rashtrapati Bhawan, Ansari and Mukherjee, with DMK chief M Karunanidhi. Lok Sabha Speaker Meira Kumar is supposed to be the third name on the list.Swaraj's statement runs contrary to the assessment in certain quarters that the BJP might come around to support finance minister Mukherjee because of his seniority and vast experience, and scotches the possibility of a deal between the two biggest parties over elections to decide the president and the vice-president.The assertion came amid indications that Congress may have already gained an initial advantage in the contest for Rashtrapati Bhawan. BJP's combat readiness was not backed by any clear indication as to whether it has any assurance of support from either SP or Trinamool Congress who can be the crucial swing players. Mulayam Singh Yadav has already rejected the suggestion that he would goad former president Kalam to take a fresh sigh at Rashtrapati Bhawan; and there is no indication that he has settled on an alternative who, while being acceptable to BJP, may pass political muster with Trinamool boss Mamata Banerjee.In fact, little is known about Banerjee's mind on this, except that she will be meeting Congress chief Sonia Gandhi after she reaches the Capital on May 2.Congress, on the other hand, has stepped up its effort to rally the numbers by reaching out to its allies. DMK chief Karunanidhi confirmed on Monday that Antony had had sounded him out on Congress's presidential candidates. The confirmation came amid indications that DMK may be pushing for the candidature of Ansari on the ground that he is a distinguished Muslim intellectual.Although Congress will go by its own calculus, DMK's wish list points to the strength of the candidature of Ansari despite his late entry in the political arena. Sonia's nod for the vice-president can complicate matters for Samajwadi Party, considering that Ansari is from UP. Ansari has, in any case, a strong backer in the Left which sponsored him for the post of vice-president five years ago, and who can try to persuade Mulayam on his behalf.Indeed, a section in JD(U) has been campaigning for support for the vice-president, arguing that Bihar CM Nitish Kumar , who has made strong inroads into Lalu Prasad's Muslim constituency, can build upon the advantage by backing Ansari.Nitish's move may also determine whether BJP's aggressive plans, as outlined by Swaraj, get translated into reality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12942644", "title": "Robbery cases double in Jan-March 2012 period", "text": "NASHIK: Robberies are on the rise in the city, with 55 cases lodged at various police stations as of March 2012. There were only 25 cases of forced robberies registered in March 2011, which means the rise is almost over 100% compared to last year.In 2009, there were 78 robberies in Nashik city; the figure grew to 113 in 2010 and climbed by 41 cases in 2011. While police officials claim that they are doing everything to prevent crime, records available reveal otherwise.Miscreants are taking to various modes of committing theft and are getting more brazen in their execution as well.A shopkeeper was robbed of Rs 25,000 in broad daylight at around 9am on April 15, this year when he was opening his shop. On March 8, 2012, a 28-year-old woman, who was asleep alone at home in Rajratna Nagar, was in for a shock when a thief broke in by drilling a hole in the door, and snatched jewellery worth Rs 37,500 the victim was wearing.The police have started including chain-snatching as a form of robbery.Senior police officials say in most cases of chain-snatching miscreants are using force to execute the crimes, which qualify it as a robbery, as opposed to general theft.The punishment for robbery is also more stringent compared to general theft.Going by this, officials said there have been 55 cases of robberies till March 2012, whereas in 2011 there were over 250 cases of chain-snatching.Officials insisted crime has reduced over the past few days. The primary concern is now vehicle theft and house break-ins. The police claimed that the detection rate too had gone up in the last few months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12944536", "title": "CBSE goes hi-tech to stop exam malpractices", "text": "NAGPUR: Mobile phone jammers, fingerprint scanners, spy camera blockers etc are gadgets which might be commonplace on the shopping list of a spy agency, but now there is an unlikely buyer on the block - CBSE.With big ticket competitive exams under its aegis, the central board wants to provide the highest level of security for its centres and is scouting for experienced firms to provide and run the set-up. A pilot version of this project will be undertaken at select centres across the country on May 13, during the final All India Pre-Medical/Dental Test (AIPMT).CBSE wants to ensure that no form of malpractice occurs during the competitive exams which it conducts. Currently the board is conducting the common entrance tests (CET) for engineering, medical, CBSE teachers etc. From next year onwards, the CBSE will also be responsible for the newer versions of medical and IIT/engineering exams which will greatly increase the number of candidates.The central board plans to put portable mobile phone jammers at its centres which will completely block not only voice transmissions, but also Bluetooth and Wi-Fi connectivity. They are also looking for gadgets that will block spy cameras from being used and disable a specified bandwidth. All these gadgets will be able to run on battery as well, in case there are problems in accessing the electric points.For accurate candidate verification, the board plans to use a portable fingerprint scanner and camera. Once the candidate is seated at the centre, a designated person will bring the portable fingerprint scanner inside the room. Two fingers of the candidate will be scanned and a picture taken, to be later merged in the database alongside the roll number. This multi-step verification process will ensure that no fake candidate appears for the competitive exams.For the project's dry run scheduled for May 13, the CBSE has selected 10 cities in the country and Mumbai is the only one from Maharashtra. In a letter to prospective security service providers, the CBSE has mentioned that a maximum of 30,788 students will be present in the centres where the pilot project will be implemented. In Mumbai specifically, 409 students will be appearing at the specified centre and the service provider will have to be ready with that level of infrastructure.While this is just the first step, the CBSE is well aware of the magnitude of competitive exams it conducts. The current enrolment for AIEEE is 11.64 lakh (both online and offline) and will go higher once the single CET is implemented next year. Around 7.8 lakh had enrolled for the Central Teachers Eligibility Test (CTET) this year, and 2.75 lakh had registered for the AIPMT prelims. To provide security infrastructure on that scale will be an uphill task for any firm which bags the contract and also for CBSE, which will be in the firing line if anything does go wrong.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "12945377", "title": "BJP MLA booked for inciting communal violence", "text": "DEHRADUN: The Uttarakhand police on Monday booked BJP MLA Rajkumar Thukral for fanning communal violence in Udham Singh Nagar on October 2 last year, in which four people were killed and 35 others, including 12 policemen, wounded. In the riots that followed, several shops were set ablaze and curfew was imposed for more than a week.\"Civil judge Reena Negi directed the police to book Thukral on the basis of an application filed by one Suhel Ahmed,\" said DIG, Nainital, Deepak Jyoti Ghildiyal, adding that the application was filed a few days after the communal violence broke out.Ahmed had alleged that Thukral, 45, had incited anti-social elements into firing at members of the minority community and burn their shops. Apart from the BJP MLA, 17 others were booked under similar charges. Thukral was elected from Udham Singh Nagar on January 30 this year.A senior police officer said that the process to investigate cases against the BJP MLA has been initiated. Asked for his reaction, Thukral told TOI, \"It's strange that the cases have been registered seven months after the violence. This has been done at the ruling Congress's behest. My image is being tarnished.\" He added, \"I have full faith in the police and the judiciary.\"Thukral has been booked on charges of murder, inciting violence, provoking communal attacks and indulging in loot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12945786", "title": "Industries oppose day tariff hike", "text": "BANGALORE: Monday's power tariff hike, the second in just about six months, is certain to hurt domestic consumers. But it's a double whammy for industrial consumers as they not only have to pay 20 paise more tariff per unit but from September 1, will also have to pay Re 1 extra per unit consumed beyond the contracted estimate during peak hours.This is the key feature of the the Karnataka Energy Regulatory Commission's Time of Day (TOD) metering scheme which has been run on a pilot basis for three years with 50 industries.\"This will give all industrial consumers an option to come to a consensus on shifting their peak loads to night. Most have digitized meters which indicate consumption levels every hour,\" said MR Sreenivasa Murthy, chairman, KERC.However, industry bodies feel they're being burdened doubly. \"Firstly, the tariff order is untimely ; it is the third time there has been a hike in the past two financial years. The tariff hike for HT2A consumers is Rs 1.10 per KWH, about 27% increase. For LT industrial consumers , it is 90 paise per KWH, about 25% increase. This makes industrial operations unviable,\" said JR Bangera, president, Federation of Karnataka Chamber of Commerce and Industries (FKCCI).Members of the Karnataka Small Scale Industries Association (KASSIA) too are upset they have been bunched with the industrial sector. They have been slapped with a tariff hike of 20 paise per unit. \"The hike blunts our competitive edge. It is sad there seems to have been no attempt to enhance the efficiency of our Escoms,\" said N Raikar, president, KASSIA Bangera also said FKCCI was of the view that small and medium scale units can't avail the advantage of reduced tariff for off-peak hours as they don't run a third shift at night.FUEL PRICE HIKEKarnataka Electricity Regulatory Commission (KERC) on Monday disclosed that very soon, consumers will have to bear the burden of any increase in fuel, primarily coal, used to generate energy . The fuel cost adjustment charge will be applicable to all categories of consumers and be in the range of 1-2 paise per unit of electricity consumed.Whenever generating units pay more for fuel used, they bill it to the Karnataka Power Transmission Corporation Ltd (KPTCL ), which recovers it from Escoms which in turn pass it on to consumers.\"The appellate electricity tribunal has issued directions to regulatory bodies in all states to work out a formula to pass on variation in fuel cost to the consumer. We have drafted a mechanism and will soon float it among major stakeholders and seek their objections and suggestions. This will keep in mind that the consumer is not burdened and even Escoms don't bear it completely. The incremental change could be 1-2 paise per unit which should be very less for the consumer to pay for and this will be realized on a quarterly basis,\" said M R Sreenivasa Murthy, chairman, KERC.A final decision is expected in two months, after which the commission will issue a separate order formalizing fuel cost adjustment charge.What is TOD?Time of Day (TOD) metering is aimed at discouraging consumption during peak hours so that domestic consumers are not put to inconvenience during this time Industries are asked to shift their peak loads to non-peak hours, generally between 10pm and 6am when domestic consumption is at its lowest Under TOD, industrial consumers can avail a rebate of Rs 1.25 per unit for consumption at night. But if they consume more than the contracted estimate during peak hours between 6am and 10pm, they will have to pay Re 1 more per unit. TOD is mandatory for HT2(a) and HT2(b) consumers who have contracted a demand of 500 KVAConsumers speakThe 10 paise hike is justified. The Escoms had asked for a 73 paise hike. The generating and transmission costs have increased. It's time the country goes in for nuclear power generation on a large scale as fossil fuels are fast depleting. We should also make efforts to save electricity as much we can.Pramod Simon | RESIDENT OF MG ROADWe have no problem in paying more if there is continuous electrical supply; otherwise it's unfair. One should also go into the performance of Escoms in providing quality power supply before finalizing the tariff.Santhosh Devarajappa | SECRETARY, SAHAKARNAGAR YOUTH ASSOCIATIONThe tariff hike is lower than that in other states. Chennai faces terrible power scarcity all the time. Commercial areas have not faced any inconvenience. Bescom has been very good to us. In spite of all the problems, it has handled it beautifully.Suhail Yusuff | SECRETARY, BRIGADE SHOPS AND ESTABLISHMENT ASSOCIATIONThe problem is that the tariff has gone up while the quality of power has gone down. We also have to buy extra gadgets to save our appliances from the erratic power supply. We recently bought an UPS so that the computer does not get destroyed.Susheela David | RESIDENT OF INDIRANAGARWe have a powerful generator that runs almost every electrical appliance except for the geyser. But I'm not quite happy about paying more as hiking rates without providing quality electricity is not fair. We already pay around Rs 1,100 for the monthly electricity bills.Ramesh Prabhu | RESIDENT OF JP NAGAR", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12944165", "title": "Beeline to join South corporation", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even as the final orders on postings of senior officers and engineers of the municipal corporation are awaited, anxious employees are making desperate attempts to find a place in the upscale South Delhi Municipal Corporation.Sources in the directorate of local bodies (DLB) revealed that most engineers and senior officers of the corporation are coming up with rent deeds and other residential proofs as reasons for being posted there. \"Many senior officers and engineers have been doing rounds of the office with their residential proofs to ensure that they get posted in south Delhi,\" said an officer on condition of anonymity.However, as of now, the department is unlikely to consider anyone's preference and would go ahead with the division. But many officers have been ensured a transfer six months later after the newly-formed corporations settle down and start functioning smoothly. For the third and fourth grade employees, the division is being done zonal wise.Sources also revealed that a notification with respect to appointment of staff is expected to come by Tuesday. The DLB has been given the responsibility of framing administrative rules and other groundwork for constitution of the three bodies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12944285", "title": "Center for Communication and Holistic Development at Centre for Environmental Planning and Technology to start course in Japanese", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Center for Communication and Holistic Development at Centre for Environmental Planning and Technology (Cept) University will organize summer camps and foreign language classes for children during this summer from May 7.In addition to its existing programmes for various foreign languages, the centre will also be introducing a new foreign language course in Japanese language. The course will be taught by visiting faculty, Kaliyani Oswal. The course will be conducted over duration of 60 hours on communicating in Japanese by laying stress over speaking and listening.The centre will also introduce a Spanish course for children. tnnbetween 10 and 15 years of age. The course has been designed to be delivered in an interactive manner with the help of audio-visual and animation methods. The course will complete 40 hours in one month. The children will also be taught not only the language but also about the basics of the Spanish culture and its importance. The children will be given certificates at the completion of the course.A summer camps for kids between eight to twelve years of age will also be organize by the centre. The workshop will be held from Monday to Friday over a span of three weeks between 9am to 12 pm. The children will be taught about art and culture, life skills, management, forgotten street sports and specialized designed. \"We will also organize a heritage walk for the children as well as sensitize them about nature as a part of the camp,\" said coordinator of the centre Mithun Khandwala.\"The centre has already been offering courses for various foreign languages including French, German, Chinese and Spanish for interested people. These programmes are open for people outside CEPT as well,\" said Khandwala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12943803", "title": "Labour Day: Electrician awarded for fighting fire", "text": "NEW DELHI: He won hearts when he fought a raging fire at a factory to minimize the damage. Thirty-two-year-old Raman Kumar, an electrician by profession, became the recipient of Mukhyamantri Shramik Puraskar 2012 on the occasion of International Labour Day. This father of two is well known for his bravery among workers at Udyog Nagar Industrial area in Peeragarhi.On Monday, Kumar was honoured at Delhi Secretariat by chief minister Sheila Dikshit. He played a vital role in extinguishing the fire at H-9, Udyog Nagar, a factory next to his workplace. He was earlier lauded by the Udyog Nagar Factory owners association for his daring act.Employed with a private company called Mahajan Products Private Limited in Udyog Vihar, he has contributed towards increasing the efficiency of the organization by recommending installation of auto sprinklers, power capacitors and other equipment resulting in conservation of power up to 30%.Overwhelmed by the attention at the function, Kumar chose to sit in a quiet corner of the auditorium. He told this correspondent that it is poverty which has taught him that everything must be valued in life. \"Humnein bahut garibi dekhi hai is liye jo bhi hamari tarahan hain unki madad karna chahtein hain. (I have seen poverty in its most horrifying form. Now, I want to help everyone who is facing a similar situations),\" he said.Before he was called to receive the award that comes with a cash prize, Kumar said his ambitions now revolve around his two sons aged 6 years and 2 years. He wants to provide them with a good education.Raman belongs to a village near Amritsar. His parents left the village after the 1984 riots in search of work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12944661", "title": "Brinda Karat tough on land policy", "text": "RANCHI: CPM politburo member Brinda Karat has decided to take up the matter of forceful land acquisition in Sonahatu region of Ranchi district to the Parliament.Addressing a mass rally of farmers, who have raised objection to land purchase by Jindal steel and Hindalco at throwaway prices, Karat said that the open violation of Chotanagpur Tenancy (CNT) Act, 1908 and Land Acquisition Act, 1894 cannot be allowed. \"Though it is responsibility of the state government to ensure that CNT act is not violated, the Union government should also see that an acceptable Land Acquisition Act is in place,\" she said.Having visited 39 villages in Sonahatu where thousands of farmers are facing the heat of land acquisition, Karat said that farmers are being offered Rs 500 per decimal of land and till date around 400 acres of land have been purchased by the private companies. \"Owner of Jindal is a member of the ruling Union government and if he is violating the law of the land, CPM activists cannot sit idle,\" she said further pointing fingers at Birla industries for acquiring land to dump waste from aluminum plant.\"It is really painful to know that the fertile land of farmers in Jharkhand is to be used by Hindalco for dumping aluminum waste which will degrade the soil permanently,\" Karat said.Accusing both Congress-led union government and BJP-led state government of ignoring the interestss of the poor, she said all natural resources are being handed over to big corporate houses and on the other hand, farmers are being deprived of their land, which helps them earn a living.When asked if the plight of the Sonahatu farmers is similar to that of the Singur and Nandigram farmers in West Bengal , Karat stressed that there was a huge difference. Representing the party that cracked down on the agitators opposed to forceful acquisition of land in West Bengal, Karat said that Bengal did not come under any act like CNT and also that in Singur more than 90% farmers had given their consent to the acquisition drive. She said that the CPM activists in state would support the farmers and the party would take up the matter with the Union government in Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12945160", "title": "Will decide on medium of instruction after panchayat polls, says Goa CM", "text": "PANAJI: The status quo on the medium of instruction (MoI) issue will remain till the government finalizes its policy on MoI after considering viewpoints of all stakeholders, chief minister Manohar Parrikar said on Monday.Speaking to media persons, Parrikar said his government is still in consultation with various stakeholders and the election code of conduct prevents the government from implementing anything in this regard. He said that by the time the election process is complete, the government will be ready with its solution to the vexed MoI issue.Parrikar assured that he will not allow politics to come into the issue and appealed to all not to politicize the issue as it concerns young students and their future prospects. Declining to give even a hint of what he has planned, Parrikar said he will offer a solution after listening to all concerned.Last year, Parrikar had opposed the Digambar Kamat government's decision to give grants to English medium primary schools. When assembly elections were declared, he spoke of a 'via media' solution and assured an amicable solution to it if elected to power. Lately, he has come under criticism as the new academic year is to begin in a month's time and the fate of thousands of students seeking education in English medium schools hangs in balance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12943345", "title": "CPI will not contest in Pudukottai bypoll: D Raja", "text": "COIMBATORE: CPI national secretary D Raja on Monday clarified that his party has decided not to contest in the Pudukottai by-election as its outcome will not create a drastic change in the prevailing political equations in the state. Talking to reporters here, Raja said the party state committee had decided against contesting the election, realizing it would not cause any political change despite investing huge funds and labour.When asked whether his party had decided to skip the by-election after they received no word from the ruling AIADMK about appointing party state secretary D Pandyan to the Rajya Sabha, Raja said they were all rumours.Referring to the ongoing strike by employees of Neyveli Lignite Corporation , Raja urged the union government to settle the issue amicably as any delay would affect power generation. ``Tamil Nadu is already reeling under extreme power outages. Any dip in production in Neyveli would create further problems,'' he said. Terming the strike as justifiable, Raja demanded confirmed jobs for more than 2000 NLC contract employees.Referring to the ongoing preparation of a data base of North Indian workers in the state by police, Raja said police have no right to collect such data.Urging Maoists to release abducted IAS officer Alex Paul Menon at the earliest, Raja wanted the government to resolve the issue quickly. \"The central government is responsible for the spread of Maoism. Tribal lands have been alienated and their forest rights are yet to be granted. The government seems to take on the agenda of corporate groups to facilitate their plundering of natural resources in tribal areas, giving rise to the Maoist rebellion,'' Raja pointed out.He also came down heavily on Union home minister P Chidambaram for treating the Maoist issue as a law and order problem rather than a socio-economic issue. When asked about the ongoing discussion on separate Ezham for Tamils in Sri Lanka, Raja said the issue requires a political solution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12945371", "title": "Whistleblower starts his own probe", "text": "MUMBAI: For 40-year-old Praveen Wategaonkar, the man behind one of the PILs, which brought to the fore a scam that cost senior officials and former state CM Ashok Chavan their positions, the case is far from over.A day after the income tax department filed a comprehensive affidavit on payments made by over 100 members of the controversial Adarsh Cooperative Housing society in Colaba, Wategaonkar-a former activist of the Akhil Bhartiya Vidyarthi Parishad-began his own probe into their source of funds and mode of payment.\"As an alert citizen, I began studying the affidavit filed by the income tax department in response to a PIL filed by an RTI activist. I found that most of the payments made by the members were suspicious and without a proper source. So I decided to file an independent PIL demanding action against erring members under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act, \" he said.Incidentally, Wategaonkar is a product of Jamnalal Bajaj Institute of Management Studies. In May 2011, he filed a PIL with specific details of alleged money laundering by a section of leading politicians . \"I argued the case in person and prime facie it appears that the Bombay High Court has accepted my contention. It has asked the Enforcement Directorate (ED) to initiate proceedings against the Prevention of Money Laundering Act. I hope the Enforcement Directorate will complete the probe within the prescribed period,\" he added.Citing an example of gross violations under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act, Wategaonkar alleged that a bureaucratturned-politician had submitted documents showing payment of Rs 13 lakh, but failed to mention how he paid the remaining Rs 47 lakh to the Adarsh society. \"I brought it to the attention of the HC that he was misleading investigating agencies. He was a former collector and then a Member of Parliament. He was deliberately hiding information. The CBI was asked to probe into his source of funds and mode of payment,\" Wategaonkar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12944477", "title": "Parrikar should take over Kadamba Transport Corporation reins for its revival: CPI", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa unit of the Communist Party of India (CPI) has demanded that chief minister Manohar Parrikar take control of the state-run Kadamba Transport Corporation Limited (KTCL) in order to bring about a turnaround in the fortunes of the troubled corporation.\"The KTC is like an orphan. The chief minister should take up the leadership of the corporation and ensure that it is streamlined,\" said CPI general secretary Christopher Fonseca while addressing mediapersons.He said that Parrikar had assumed chairmanship of the corporation in his earlier tenure as chief minister when he had been requested to do so.Incidentally, Carlos Almeida, the BJP legislator from Vasco has just taken over as the new chairperson of the corporation.\"It (the corporation) not only provides public transport, which is very important, but also carries goodwill to the corners of Goa,\" Fonseca added.The CPI has also demanded that mining in the state be compulsorily halted for two days each week.\"Even shops have to compulsorily close one day in the week, but mines are running 24 hours a day for the entire year. How can this be allowed?\" questioned Raju Mangueshkar of the CPI.Echoing Mangueshkar's views, Fonseca said a two-day halt would reduce the intensity of mining and help make it sustainable. \"Mineral ore is a non-renewable resource and should be mined in a sustainable manner and mining in the state should benefit Goans,\" said Fonseca. He also felt the government should come out with its mining policy soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12945361", "title": "Enrica deal: Kerala government to wait for Supreme Court final verdict", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan said the state government will wait for the detailed verdict before initiating any action.\"We have not received the judgment. We can reach a conclusion only after going through the judgment. What we have now is only a primary knowledge. If there is any direction from the court, the government would adhere to it. Also, the government would take steps to protect our case and to strengthen our legal position,\" he said.If there is any observation questioning the authority of the state police, we will take legal steps and approach the court, he added. Law secretary C P Ramaraja Prema Prasad said the SC's observation would not deter the boat owner from carrying forward the proceedings in the criminal case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12944563", "title": "More doctors under Prohibition of Sex Selection Act net", "text": "MUMBAI: The number of doctors being fined, imprisoned for violations of the Pre Conception and Prenatal Diagnostic Techniques (Prohibition of Sex Selection) Act, 2003 or PCPNDT Act is increasing.Doctors' associations, however, said most doctors were being convicted for clerical errors.Till March 2012, 32 doctors across Maharashtra have been found guilty of violating various provisions of the Act. In all, 314 cases have been lodged in various criminal courts for violation of the Act. Of these in 34 cases, decoys were used to expose those who carried out sex-determination tests. In 14 cases, doctors have been convicted.The doctors have appealed against the orders of the lower courts. Nearly 215 cases have been filed for non-maintenance of records.In other cases, two doctors in Mumbai were convicted by the Dadar Metropolitan magistrate for advertising the facility of sex-selection prohibited under the Act. The doctors were fined Rs 30,000 and sentenced to three years rigorous imprisonment. In Pune in 14 cases, doctors have been fined by the Junior Magistrate First Class for non-registration of the sonography machine.The 2011 census shows that the general child sex ratio has marginally improved from 922 to 925 females for every 1,000 males. However, in the 0-6 category this has deteriorated from 913 to 883.According to the health department, sex ratio of 952 is the average expected ration in the population. \"Considering this sex ratio and comparing it with the child sex ratio of 2011 census, nearly 4,68,680 female foeticides have occurred,'' said officials.The maximum decline is in Beed, but in six other districts of Buldhana, Washim, Hingoli, Parbhani, Jalna and Jalgaon the situation is also worrisome. The tribal district of Gadchiroli has minimum decline.Jayesh Lele, secretary, India Medical Association (IMA), Maharashtra, said while the IMA did not support violation of any rules of the PCPNDT Act, it did feel the punishment such as imprisonment was too severe for not maintaining records. \"Only two of the 32 doctors convicted belong to the IMA. We have been advising doctors to fill forms and maintain records properly. Sometimes doctors are not aware that the forms have not been properly filled. They must be given one opportunity to improve themselves. Such harsh measures will not help the government catch the real culprits,'' he said.Kishore Taori said it was the sensitization of judges, government officers that was leading to cases being expedited. \"Many of the cases are old and a majority of doctors have been convicted for clerical errors such as improper filling of forms, maintenance of records etc.''Taori said doctors, too, were now realising the seriousness of the issue and taking paperwork more seriously. \"The real culprits are those who do not register their machines and carry out sex-determination tests. Such people must be meted out harsh punishments,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12944942", "title": "Brahmapuri pattern to be adopted nationally", "text": "NAGPUR: Impressed by the tiger monitoring model in Brahmapuri forest division in Chandrapur district, the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) has decided to adopt it in non-protected areas (NPAs) elsewhere too. Rajesh Gopal, member-secretary of NTCA, who was in the city on way to Delhi, said he was impressed by the Brahmapuri division, which is seriously monitoring resident as well as dispersing tigers in its area.Gopal was shown presentation on tiger monitoring by Sanjay Thawre, deputy conservator of forests (DyCF), Brahmapuri, during former's Palasgaon visit on April 28, where a tiger was poached. Thawre said, \"I won't boast of a 'Brahmapuri model', but our field staff is seriously monitoring tigers in the area. There are around 21 tigers, 13 residents, in 1,500 sq km Brahmapuri forest division. We have pictures of each tiger in the beats.\"\"Direct sightings, signs like scat, scrape marks, pugmarks etc. are recorded regularly. Whenever there is a cattle kill, cameras are deployed. This helps us know where our tigers are and what is happening. It also helps to tackle man-animal conflict,\" Thawre said. Gopal said a presentation on Brahmapuri model will be shown to wildlife wing officials at a meeting in Delhi on April 2. \"This will be replicated elsewhere,\" he added.After poaching of tiger in Palasgaon, NTCA has issued an advisory to all tiger-bearing states cautioning about possible poisoning of tigers and stepping up protection by involving territorial staff. It also instructed not to delay paying cattle kill compensation. Gopal said NTCA would give all help to the state to curb poaching. \"We will provide 100% assistance for setting up Special Tiger Protection Force (STPF). A MoU has been signed in this regard,\" said Gopal.The NTCA has also decided to strengthen Tadoba tiger conservation foundation (TCF) by giving additional funds. These funds will be distributed to 4-5 divisions in Tadoba landscape. \"A proposal has been sought in this regard,\" Gopal said.The NTCA will also write to state government on giving control of Tadoba buffer to the field director of TATR. \"Plans are afoot to sign MoUs with institutions coming up with irrigation, power, highway projects in buffer areas,\" said Gopal.On timber and bamboo felling in vulnerable areas in the buffer, PCCF (wildlife) SWH Naqvi said there was no ban on such activity being carried out as per working plan. \"However, we will see to it that management of buffer is wildlife-centric,\" said Naqvi. He refused to reveal progress of probe in poaching case which was in a crucial stage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12949620", "title": "Mobile spam texts hit 4.5bn", "text": "Gillian Brockell got so fed up with unsolicited text messages from a single spammer on her mobile phone that in a fit of frustration she called the sender back -- 20 times.Turning the tables on the spammer in early April felt \"satisfying,\" she said. Still, it hasn't stanched the flood.\"I don't even get that much junk mail in my Gmail account,\" said Brockell, a 31-year-old journalist who lives in Washington, DC . \"This is my phone. It seems more personal.\"The unwelcome messages that have been clogging e-mail inboxes for two decades have made the jump to handsets, as more people use smartphones in place of personal computers and texting becomes more popular. The number of US spam text messages rose 45 per cent last year to 4.5 billion messages, said Richi Jennings, an industry analyst. Spam phone calls also are proliferating. The surge is costing carriers money and frustrating users, who must pay for the messages and deal with potentially fraudulent texts.Spammers can get phone numbers from the internet, or use software or websites to randomly generate thousands or even millions of numbers in a particular area code. Often using prepaid phones that can't be traced back to the sender, they can then use auto-dialing technology to reach recipients.Costs for spammers are extremely low. Unlimited texting for a prepaid phone costs about $20 per month and can be used to spam millions of people. Yet for wireless customers without a texting plan, the cost of receiving constant spams can add up quickly. The typical fee is 20 cents per received text.'Volume of abuse'\"Bad actors will go to the biggest installed base worldwide,\" Greg Goldfarb, a managing director at Summit Partners, which manages more than $10 billion in assets, said in an interview. \"The volume of abuse that comes to people around me has increased 50 times in the last 18 months.\"The spam messages can promise free Apple iPads , or claim the consumer won a $1,000 gift card at Wal-Mart Stores Inc or Best Buy Co, according to SMSWatchDog.com, which lists spam reports. Clicking on links can install malware that collects information from the phone. Responding can also authorize charges to the subscriber's mobile bill.For wireless-service providers such as AT&T;, Verizon Wireless and Sprint Nextel, texting is an important source of profits. Still, they are concerned about the escalation of spam texts. As users contact customer-service lines to fight fraudulent text-related charges to their phone bills, carriers may be spending $5 to $50 per spam text complaint, Goldfarb said.Federal casesIn response, carriers and the US Federal Trade Commission have brought suits against at least three large-scale spammers, including an FTC suit that was settled last year. The FTC charged the spammer with transmitting at least 5 million unsolicited text messages to promote products such as loan- modification programs and debt-relief services. According to the suit, the spammer sent out text messages at a rate of 85 per minute, 24 hours a day.Last year, the Federal Trade Commission received 2,600 complaints about mobile texts, about the same number as in 2010, said Christine Todaro, an attorney with the agency. Recently, the FTC Bureau of Consumer Protection created a special team to conduct investigations related to mobile issues, she said. In a lawsuit filed in March, AT&T; claimed that spammers using 14 phone numbers made more than 20 million illegal phone calls to its and other carriers' subscribers.Anti-spam softwareThe carriers also are collaborating on a new anti-spam effort that will be unveiled this year, said David Diggs, a vice president at wireless-industry group CTIA . They're also likely to sink billions into anti-spam and mobile-security software, said Goldfarb, whose company is ramping up investments in mobile-security companies.\"I think the market is going to be much larger than traditional e-mail security or PC security,\" Goldfarb said in an interview. \"The mobile-security threat is far more severe,\" because of the greater number of devices involved, he said.Hackers in the past had more often sought out financial transaction information, account and credit-card numbers on personal computers. Now they're searching for the same information on smartphones, whose sales exceed those of PCs.One in five Americans used a mobile phone for banking in the 12 months ended in January, according to a Federal Reserve Board survey of almost 2,000 consumers.\"You have to follow the money, where the most sensitive data is being used,\" said Melissa Siems, senior director of mobile marketing at Intel Corp's McAfee unit. McAfee Mobile Security software scans applications consumers download on their smartphones to flag fraudulent ones, which might access your contacts and send them spam text messages. Last year, Google removed a number of malicious programs from its mobile app store.Acquisition candidatesAs carriers build their arsenals of anti-spam tools, it may offer a revenue opportunity for equipment suppliers including Cisco Systems and Juniper Networks. The equipment makers may seek to acquire or invest in startups with mobile anti-spam technologies in the next few years, said Jeff Wilson , principal security analyst at consulting firm Infonetics Research.One possible acquisition target is Cloudmark, a San Francisco-based startup and an investment of Summit's, which already sells mobile anti-spam software to the top four U.S. wireless carriers.\"There's an opportunity for consolidation,\" Wilson said. \"Many companies want to have the expertise in-house. Everyone is trying to get the mobile carrier money.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "12945780", "title": "Minaret or gallery? Panels debate Operation Bluestar memorial", "text": "AMRITSAR: While Sikh intellectuals have favored construction of a memorial to Operation Bluestar that should not conflict with architectural harmony of Sikhs' holiest shrines, on the other hand Sikh radicals have suggested a gallery or panorama depicting the scenes of fight over another gurdwara or a towering monument.The issue assumes significance since the report of a five-member sub-committee constituted by the SGPC to make draft proposal for the shape and location of memorial would be presented in an executive committee meeting on May 3.Another parallel committee constituted by Sikh radical organizations, including Dal Khalsa, Shiromani Akali Dal (Panch Pardhani), Khalsa Action Committee and Panthic Sewa Lehar on the same issue would submit their report to the SGPC on Tuesday.\"The memorial should not in any way disturb harmony of architecture of Golden Temple and construction of another gurdwara within the gurdwara is not advisable,\" said professor in Guru Nanak studies of Guru Nanak Dev University Balwant Singh Dhillon while talking to TOI on Monday.Reacting to the reports of construction of a towering minaret-like structure, he said there were already two bungas which were similar structures. It would only conflict with the harmony of the shrine.\"It is yet to be seen whether they construct a separate museum dedicated to those who had died during the Army's operation in Golden Temple or a library,\" he said.The suggestion of construction of minaret-like structure was earlier floated by former SGPC president Bibi Jagir Kaur, who is now in prison, and most recently by former Golden Temple granthi Jagtar Singh Jachak. Jagir Kaur had suggested construction of the memorial in front of the langar hall.Sources closely associated with the sub-committee said that since most of the members of both committees were in favor of memorial in circumambulation so construction of a towering structure was not possible. \"We have favored depicting scenes of Sikh leaders fighting the Army,\" said the sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12943134", "title": "300 students to attend Student Police Cadet summer camp", "text": "KOCHI: Over 300 students from various schools in the district will attend the four-day summer camp 'Kochi City Police 2012' of the Student Police Cadet (SPC) project, beginning in the city from May 2.The camp, being organized by the city police, will be held at St Albert's Higher Secondary School.Apart from 20 community police officers, 50 policemen up to the rank of assistant commissioners will attend the camp, which is aimed at inculcating social values and developing responsible and socially-committed law-abiding individuals. The camp will be a platform for students to interact with prominent personalities from various fields.The students will be trained in unarmed combat, parade and mass drill. Ernakulam range inspector-general K Padmakumar, city police commissioner M R Ajith Kumar and traffic assistant commissioner V M Muhammed Rafeeq will attend the camp.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "dugri", "code": "12943790", "title": "Accident changed his outlook towards life", "text": "DUGRI: Fifty-year-old businessman Trilochan Singh considers himself extremely lucky. Not everyone faces death in the face and comes back alive. It has been almost a year since he and his family escaped a brutal car accident by just a whisker. He is thankful that he and his family are safe, but the nightmares continue to haunt him.Last year, Singh was driving his wife Ritu, daughter Annie, granddaughter and nephew back to their home after attending his uncle's funeral in Patiala. Their car was on the Ludhiana-Patiala Road when Singh suddenly noticed a speeding Bolero coming from the opposite direction.\"I had no time to react. It was so sudden. Everything happened in a split second,'' recalls Singh.The speeding car collided head-on with Singh's maruti, but it did not stop there. The impact of the collision drove the Bolero right onto Singh's car and the weight of the vehicle was slowly crushing the car underneath.\"The worst part was that I was conscious. I knew what was happening and I could not stop it. I could not move and I could feel the roof of the car coming down. I didn't know to do. I just wanted to save my family,'' said Singh, with tears in his eyes.The mangle remains of Singh's car made it look like there were no survivors. \"Those who witnessed the accident said it was impossible to come out alive after what had happened,'' said Singh.Miraculously however, the family escaped with minor injuries. Singh, however, suffered two fractures on his left shoulder, one on his spine and one on his wrist. \"The memories of the accident are still fresh in my mind. It will take time to forget what happened. Such incidents change you. You end up looking at life differently,'' says Singh.The trauma of the incident has left many scars - nightmares, fear of speeding vehicles, says Singh. \"But there's also the reassuring thought that he and his family escaped death,'' he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12949116", "title": "Schizophrenics too can live a life of love", "text": "It's not easy to take care of someone whose reality is very different from yours. Here's how to ensure a loved one with schizophrenia can lead a normal lifeEach time the door bell rings, 72-year-old Chaya Vaswani (name changed) starts trembling in her Andheri flat. She hears voices and has delusions that there are strangers waiting outside to take her away from her home and family. If you brush her off saying, \"Oh, there's nobody there\" or \"It's just a figment of your imagination\" she gets even more upset.Her fear manifests in aggression. Such is the crippling effect of schizophrenia that Vaswani, a former librarian and a voracious reader who loved sharing her knowledge of books with her two daughters and students, has turned into a social recluse for the past 10 years.\"When I see her, I feel we have lost the woman she was earlier. She used to be an independent human being,\" says Vaswani's daughter Neha P.When someone in the family suffers from schizophrenia, it is tough for the others to shuttle between the makebelieve world of the patient and the real world. Worse still, having their loved ones being ridiculed and termed 'mad, mental, gone case, or insane' is very hard.Neha has been honest about her mother's disorder with friends and relatives. In most cases, family members lose out on precious time in accepting the illness. Both patients and their caregivers are often shrouded in shame and silence because our society still considers it taboo. \"It's time people understood that schizophrenia is like another other illness. The earlier you accept and start treatment, the better the chances of the patient's recovery,\" says Dr Shyam Lulla, consulting psychiatrist of PD Hinduja Hospital, Mahim. According to the World Health Organisation , one in every 100 persons suffers from schizophrenia.Schizophrenia is a mental disorder characterised by abnormalities in the perception or expression of reality. In other words, a person loses the ability to think, feel or behave in a normal way. Patients suffer from hallucinations and delusions - they hear voices and see strangers around them. It starts in the most productive period of life 15-45 years. With Vaswani, it started with frequent mood swings, irrational behaviour, suspicions about the intentions of acquaintances, accompanied by hearing of voices and delusions. She suffers from bipolar disorder (paranoid schizophrenia), in which patients experience delusions and hallucinations. The illness has other catgeoires. Catatonic schizophrenia patients are oblivious to their surroundings and are extremely active or inactive for hours. Some patients have difficulty doing simple tasks and may ramble while speaking. Under the residual type, patients may exhibit eccentric actions or speech and those with the undifferentiated type have symptoms that may not fit into any of the earlier classifications, or may fit a few categories instead of just one.\"Never challenge the patient's beliefs or delusions. They are very 'real' to the person who experiences them, and there's little point in arguing. Instead, set up a support structure and provide them with proper medical treatment for recovery,\" says Dr Yusuf Matcheswalla, head of psychiatry department, Masina Hospital, Byculla.Symptoms of schizophreniaThere is no physical or lab test that can diagnose schizophrenia - a psychiatrist usually comes to a diagnosis based on the clinical symptoms. Some of the symptoms associated with paranoid schizophrenia are well documented while some are warning signs shared by patient's families and care givers. Here are signs to watch out for if you suspect a loved one may have the illness.- Severe headaches, inability to sleep at night and loss of appetite- Difficulty concentrating and maintaining personal hygiene- Unpleasant memories and becoming fearful, suspicious and argumentative- Lack of desire to socialise or interact with others, even friends and relatives. The patient thinks people want to harm her/him- Voices and delusions, staring into empty space for hours, muttering- Aggressive and violent behaviour, suicidal thoughtsIt took several years before Jane Fernandes (35) forgave her parents and herself for not being able to help her schizophrenic brother, who walked out of their house 15 years ago. \"Each time I see a half-naked schizophrenic wandering the streets my heart skips a beat. Not a day goes by without me thinking of him,\" says Jane, who is now married and has two kids of her own. Recalling her brother's suffering, she says, \"For years, I blamed myself and my parents for his mood swings. We just didn't know what to do when he hurled abuses for hours and became violent.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12944442", "title": "Mayawati seeks constitutional amendment for SC/ST employees\u2019 quota", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Question Hour is sacrosanct and the chairman of Rajya Sabha is very particular about its inviolability.But BSP supremo Mayawati on Monday had her way as the chair bowed to her keenness to raise the Supreme Court's quashing of quota in promotion in Uttar Pradesh before the Question Hour could begin.The BSP chief demanded a constitutional amendment to shield promotion quota for SC/ST employees promulgated in 2007. The apex court had quashed the quota on the grounds that UP had failed to furnish sufficient data to justify the move.Mayawati's maiden intervention in Parliament since migrating from the state following the assembly debacle raised eyebrows. She was allowed to speak on a BSP notice for suspension of Question Hour, a demand rarely agreed to.When the BSP supremo, winding up her 15-minute speech, demanded a debate in Parliament on the issue, parliamentary affairs minister Pavan Bansal promptly accepted. Surprised MPs linked the indulgence from government managers to the upcoming Presidential election. Congress needs the backing of outside supporters like UP outfits SP and BSP to sail through comfortably in a contest for Rashtrapati Bhavan.While the whiff of Presidential polls was evident in the proceedings, the quota issue in itself was sensitive enough to dominate the otherwise dull day that belonged to the dalit czarina and ironically her former aide-turned-bitter foe, P L Punia, with loud support across the partylines.Speaking during the Zero Hour in Lok Sabha , Congress MP Punia demanded that Centre move the Supreme Court to clarify Nagaraj judgement which had created confusion that the apex court had nullified the provision of quota in promotion. He said while the judgement allowed for quota, it sought studies to establish backwardness and adequate representation in services of the beneficiary group.Punia said the nine-judge Indira Sawhney judgement on Mandal Commission had clarified that backwardness of SCs/STs was undisputed. He said the nine-judge order prevails over the five-judge Nagaraj judgement on backwardness of dalits and the Centre should ensure this clarification from the apex court.MPs from different parties associated themselves with Punia, while K Suresh of Congress asked parliamentary affairs minister V Narayansamy to inform what the Centre planned to do.Mayawati recalled how the Centre had amended the Constitution in the wake of Indira Sawhney order to continue quota in jobs and promotions for SCs and STs. \"There have been such decisions which have affected reservation for SCs/STs. Bring necessary amendment in the constitution and get it passed in this session, so that SCs and STs get their due,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12944775", "title": "Woman should be preferred over husband for Haj: SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: A woman should get preference over her husband when it comes to Haj pilgrimage, the Supreme Court said on Monday while reserving its interim order on the Centre's new Haj policy.Scrutinizing the 2012 Haj policy, subsidy and role of tour operators to make it pilgrim-friendly, a bench of Justices Aftab Alam and Ranjana P Desai said, \"If there is one seat available, and an eligible couple applies, then the woman should get preference over her husband for the Haj pilgrimage.\"Attorney general G E Vahanvati in principle agreed to this suggestion as well as another from senior advocate P S Narasimha that the government must accept online submission of application forms by pilgrims intending to be part of the annual Haj.However, the AG, assisted by advocate Haris Beeran, said the proposal to select private tour operators (PTOs) to conduct Haj pilgrimage for a five-year term would create problems as the government would not be able to strike their names off the list of recognized PTOs even if the pilgrims complained of inadequate service.The bench, which reserved its order, came down hard on PTOs which left pilgrims in a lurch and were only profit-oriented. \"Our concern is about individual pilgrims and not whether PTOs remain in business or not. It is not a commercial contract. This court has repeatedly held that public interest must outweigh private interest.\"On signing of a bilateral agreement with Saudi Arabia, India got a quota of 1.7 lakh Haj pilgrims for 2012 against 3.02 lakh applications from Muslims intending to go on Haj. Of the 1.7 lakh quota, 1.25 lakh pilgrims would go to Mecca and Medina through Haj Committee of India and the rest 45,000 through PTOs.Of the 1.25 lakh Hajis to be sent through the Haj committee, the government retains a quota of 11,000 of which 3,061 would be allotted on recommendations from dignitaries and eminent persons, the court was informed.The bench questioned the rationale behind recommendation based allocation of quota. \"Our constitutional scheme and recommended allocation of seats for Haj do not go together,\" it said. It also intends to seek answer from the Haj committee on how it conducts the Qurrah (a draw of lot) to select Hajis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "amreli", "code": "12943537", "title": "Law minister flouts law of jungle", "text": "AMRELI: Gujarat law minister takes pride in breaking the law, clicks himself in the act and merrily uploads the pictures on social networking sites. He's unabashed about it and flaunts the rising number of hits his photoshoots are getting on Facebook. So what's the minister up to?Law minister Dileep Sanghani violated forest rules by stepping out of his vehicle at Gir National Park and organizing a photo-shoot with Asiatic lions. And instead of coughing up a fine, the minister is covering himself in glory.Sanghani, who is also minister for agriculture and cooperation, had visited the sanctuary in October last year. The pictures, which show the minister striking various poses near the wild cats, were uploaded in March and were 'liked' by over 330 people on Facebook.Speaking to TOI, Sanghani said, \"Earlier, there was an issue of lions getting disturbed. Now, camera technology has advanced in leaps and bounds. We can take photographs without annoying the animals at the sanctuary. I have grown up with lions and there are regular sightings at my farm near Savarkundla.\"Senior forest officials concede they are having a tough time controlling crowds at Gir after the launch of Amitabh Bachchan's campaign - Khushboo Gujarat ki. Now, political leaders and senior officers are flocking to the sanctuary. \"Everybody wants to get close to the lions. Sometimes our hands are tied when VIPs visit the sanctuary,\" a top forest official said.Under section 38J of Indian Wildlife (Protection) Act, 1972, those teasing wild animals, throwing plastic in the sanctuary or stepping down from vehicles are fined. The penalty varies with the nature of violations.\"Rules cannot be relaxed for politicians or VIPs. Tourists have been barred from getting down from their vehicles to protect lions,\" said Revtubha Rayjada, a wildlife activist and former member of wildlife advisory board, Gujarat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12943005", "title": "It was appropriate to go into Pakistan and take out Osama: US President Barack Obama", "text": "WASHINGTON: US President Barack Obama on Monday defended his decision to order special forces to go inside Pakistan and kill al-Qaida chief Osama bin Laden at his safe hideout a year ago.\"As far as my personal role and what other folks would do, I'd just recommend that everybody take a look at people's previous statements in terms of whether they thought it was appropriate to go into Pakistan and take out bin Laden,\" Obama said at a joint White House news conference with visiting Japanese Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda .\"I assume that people meant what they said when they said it. That's been at least my practice. I said that I'd go after bin Laden if we had a clear shot at him and I did.\"If there are others who have said one thing and now suggest they'd do something else, then I'd go ahead and let them explain it,\" Obama said in response to a question on the eve of the anniversary of the killing of bin Laden. He also disputed a statement that there is excessive celebration on this occasion.\"I hardly think that you have seen any excessive celebration taking place here. I think that the American people rightly remember what we as a country accomplished in bringing to justice somebody who killed over 3,000 of our citizens,\" he said.\"And it's a mark of the excellence of our intelligence teams and our military teams, a political process that worked. And I think for us to use that time for some reflection, to give thanks to those who participated is entirely appropriate, and that's what's been taking place,\" Obama said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12943740", "title": "Bail denied due to gravity of case: Judge", "text": "NEW DELHI: Dr Nupur Talwar was sent to the Dasna jail in Ghaziabad as an undertrial in the Aarushi-Hemraj murder case on Monday.When it became clear that she would have to spend at least one night in jail, Nupur burst into tears and was consoled by her relatives. Two female police officers then escorted her to the jail van for taking her to the Dasna prison. Earlier, following her bail application, SJM Preeti Singh asked CBI to file their reply to which CBI sought time. The magistrate gave the agency two hours to file the reply. In its reply, CBI strongly opposed her bail plea, saying, \"The accused (Nupur) is not an innocent lady. She is accused of committing double murder and was evading arrest despite issuance of bailable and non-bailable warrants by this court, directions by higher courts to go and face trial and for expeditious disposal of trial. She has tried her level best to stay away from court\". CBI also told the court that \"a person involved in an offence of murder is not entitled to bail by the magistrate\".\"Nupur is prima facie guilty of double murder and there is much evidence to prove the case against her,\" the agency said, pointing out that she had been avoiding appearing in court for a long time. Nupur surrendered on Monday \"only after the Supreme Court directed her to surrender\", it said. \"The pleas raised by Nupur Talwar for seeking bail were wrong,\" CBI prosecutor R K Saini said.Rejecting her application, SJM Preeti Singh said, \"In the present case, two people have been killed and instance of destruction of evidence has come to notice, which is very serious. Looking at the gravity of the offence, her case is not fit for bail\".After her bail was rejected by the SJM, the accused's lawyers filed an application for regular bail in the court of district judge Bharat Bhushan, who referred the matter to the sessions court of ADJ Shyam Lal. Her lawyers sought interim bail if regular bail is not given, but this too was rejected by the sessions court. Nupur's family members refused to comment on the matter.SJM Preeti Singh listed the date of hearing of the trial on May 3, which means that Nupur would be in judicial custody till then, unless she is granted bail by the sessions court on Tuesday. Nupur and Rajesh Talwar, both dentists, were made accused on February 9, 2011, for murder and destruction of evidence in the Aarushi-Hemraj murders by the special CBI court. Since then, this was the first time Nupur appeared in court. Talwars' 14-year-old daughter Aarushi and domestic help Hemraj were found murdered in their Jalvayu Vihar residence on the night of May 16, 2008. CBI had earlier arrested three domestic workers - Rajkumar, Krishna and Vijay Mandal for the murders but in December 2010, CBI filed a closure report giving enough evidence against Talwars The court took cognizance of the report and made them the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12944448", "title": "Mathkari, Malwadkar, Renuse among five co-opted to civic body", "text": "PUNE: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) co-opted its city unit president Vikas Mathkari as corporator in the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC), while the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) co-opted former corporator Ravindra Malwadkar and party leader Appa Renuse.Congress co-opted anti-Kalmadi faction leader Sanjay Balgude, while Maharashtra Navnirman Sena co-opted its city unit chief Bala Shedge. Though co-opted members cannot vote on civic proposals, they can participate in discussions in the general body and enjoy all other benefits of being a corporator.The NCP emerged the single-largest party in the house with 51 seats and forged a post-poll alliance with the Congress, which won 28 seats. They together exceed the majority figure of 77 seats. The BJP won 26 seats, Shiv Sena 15, and the Republican Party Of India (Athavale) two seats, while the MNS won 29 seats.Based on the seat tally, the NCP co-opted two people. The party had received many applications, including that of former mayor Mohansingh Rajpal and former standing committee chairman Nilesh Nikam - both were defeated in the elections.Senior Congress leaders like Virendra Kirda and Arun Dhimdhime, who lost in the elections, were in the fray but lost to Balgude.The BJP, which could co-opt one corporator, was divided between the Nitin Gadkari and Gopinath Munde factions. The Gadkari faction wanted city unit chief Vikas Mathkari to enter the house. He had avoided contesting the elections to shoulder the responsibility of the poll campaign. However, the Munde faction insisted that corporator Anil Shirole be co-opted, considering his experience. They also pointed out that Shirole's son was denied a party ticket. However, finally Mathkari succeeded.BOXOfficials-contractors nexusMunicipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak on Monday promised at the general body meeting that the administration would enquire into the allegations by corporators that civic officials have joined hands with hoarding contractors and duped the civic body.A section of corporators on Monday alleged that the civic officials had established a nexus with hoarding contractors and had struck deals to reserve major hoarding placements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "gnd stadium", "code": "12943844", "title": "After a silver, Arpinder eyes Olympics", "text": "GND STADIUM: Arpinder Singh of Ludhiana SAI centre won silver medal in triple jump event in Federation Cup that was held in Patiala recently. Now, he is busy preparing for Asian Grand Prix Athletics Meet scheduled to be held in Thailand, next week. He scaled 16.21 metres jump in the event.Arpinder said, \"I tried very hard to win gold in the competition, but missed it due to a few fouls. Despite all this the Federation Cup gave me good exposure.'' After winning silver medal in India Grand Prix Athletic Meet he secured a place for Asian Meet and now his total concentration is to perform his best in the competition. \"Two athletes from India would participate in triple jump and I hope I clench the gold medal this time,'' he adds.He said, \"If I perform the 16.85 metre jump, then I am sure to secure a place in Olympic squad, but this would not be an easy task as talented athletes from Asian region would also participate.'' Nevertheless, confident of his preparation, Arpinder has already started working hard and has also increased his practice hours.And like every athlete, Arpinder also dreams of representing the country in Olympics. \"I plan to give my best performance in Thailand so that I become a part of the Indian squad in London Olympics. Earlier too I had participated in many international competitions and performed well, but this one is very crucial.'' He adds, \"My family too dreams of seeing me perform at the Olympics.''Revealing his daily regime, Arpinder said, \"I wake up at 4.30am and commence my practise at 5am in Guru Nanak Dev Stadium under coach S S Pannu. I try and practice as much as possible to strengthen my game.''Arpinder's coach S S Pannu said, \"I am very hopeful of Arpinder's performance and hope that he makes a place in the Olympic squad. Arpinder is a young and energetic athlete who will surely make his country proud.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12943651", "title": "Nervous Nupur read Hanuman Chalisa throughout the day", "text": "NEW DELHI: It was a very hectic Monday for everyone at the Ghaziabad court - the Talwars, CBI, police and media persons.A battery of camerapersons and photographers, CBI officers and advocates of the Talwars waited for Dr Nupur Talwar while Ghaziabad police officers created a barrier for her safe entrance through the main entry. However, Nupur gave them a miss and entered the court of special judicial magistrate Preeti Singh from the judge's chamber side around 10.16am and quietly sat on a chair along with her husband, Rajesh Talwar, and other relatives.Clad in a yellow salwar suit, a nervous-looking Nupur recited Hanuman Chalisa throughout the day, hoping that she would get bail and would not have to go to jail. Some lawyers even heard her murmuring that she was innocent and she was being framed. The fear of going to jail - as she did not get relief from the Supreme Court and the Allahabad high court - was clearly showing on her face.As her lawyers prepared and filed bail applications, she heard the proceedings carefully and regularly interacted with few relatives, who stayed with her the whole day, and also spoke to her husband from time to time.When the magistrate rejected her bail application around 12.30pm, she consulted her lawyers and another bail application was immediately filed in the court of district judge. Outside the courtroom, around 50 police officers were whispering about the case as they heard the reporters sending updates to their offices. Later in the evening, when her lawyers argued in the court of additional district judge Shyam Lal for an interim bail, Nupur did not even come to the court and kept on reading Hanuman Chalisa inside Preeti Singh's court.As Lal also refused to give her any relief, Nupur finally stood up from her chair and broke down. Her family members, including husband Rajesh, hugged her. Two women police officers also tried to console her while taking her to the jail van.As Nupur was finally taken to the Dasna jail, the packed Ghaziabad court wore a deserted look and CBI officials and public prosecutors were seen congratulating each other.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12944345", "title": "Court grants CBI more time to oppose Thamburaj's bail plea", "text": "PUNE: The court of special judge D R Mahajan on Monday gave the CBI till May 4 to oppose the anticipatory bail plea of former vice chief of army staff Lt Gen Noble Thamburaj (retd) till May 4 in the case pertaining to his alleged involvement in a defence land lease case.Special public prosecutor Vivek Saxena sought more time to respond to the bail plea when the matter came up for hearing. Fearing arrest, Thamburaj had obtained ad interim anticipatory bail on March 21.Thamburaj was posted at Southern Command Headquarters between October 1, 2007 and December 31, 2008. He took charge as vice chief of army on January 1, 2009. On January 30, the Army Headquarters had complained to CBI alleging that Thamburaj, who was then General Officer Commanding in-chief of the Southern Command, had unduly favoured the firm Kalpataru Builders. tnnRapist gets 7 years rigorous imprisonmentAdditional sessions judge Suchitra Ghodke on Monday sentenced Gajanan Ingle (25), a supervisor in a private firm, to seven years' rigorous imprisonment (RI) with a fine of Rs 9,000 for raping a tribal woman on the pretext of marrying her in 2011.Ingle, who hails from Chikhali, was also sentenced to five years' RI for cheating the woman and another five years' RI for committing atrocities on the victim. The sentences would run concurrently. The judge awarded a compensation of Rs 5,000 to the victim from the fine amount.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12944465", "title": "Fire alert system to check damage to forests", "text": "PUNE: The state may soon have a Fire Alert Messaging System (FAMS) to protect fire-sensitive forest locations. The system will make use of satellite to send out SMS alerts on mobile phones of concerned officials so that they act in time to prevent further damage.Forest cover destroyed due to fire in Pune division has doubled from 204 hectares in 2008-09 to 408 hectares in 2011-12. Ninety-five incidents were reported in 2010-11 that razed about 810 hectares of forest land.In another initiative, the Vidarbha region has been given 11 mobile fire fighting units. Seventy-seven more will be set up across the state in the coming years.The state forest department is in talks with the Madhya Pradesh Forest Department to know how they developed and successfully implemented the system. R R Sahay, additional principal chief conservator of forests (IT and Policy), Nagpur, said, \"FAMS uses a combination of Geographical Information System (GIS) and Management Information System (MIS) technologies. It uses processed remote sensing data of active fire locations and sends alerts to officials concerned on field through SMSs on registered mobile phones.\"The system also maintains a database of locations which can be used to identify fire sensitive zones and plan fire control operations.Additional principal chief conservator of forest (protection), Nagpur, Krishna Mohan, said that each mobile fire fighting unit includes a van, a team of 12 fire fighters and additional tools. \"This financial year, we have to introduce 33 such units across the state while 22 more will be introduced next year. A total of 88 such units will be rolled out in four years. The advantage of these units is that each will have a concentrated team of 12 persons to fight fire.\"Deputy conservator of forest Rajendra Kadam said that about 60% of forest fires in Pune division occur in Haveli, Vadgaon Maval and Mulshi (Paud) talukas. The Pune forest division also consists of Indapur, Baramati and Daund talukas. In 2008-09, the Pune forest division reported 34 fire incidents, which increased to 43 in 2009-10. Total 360.5 hectare of forest cover was destroyed. 56 incidents were reported in 2011-12, said Kadam.\"In a majority of cases, the fire is induced by humans, either caused by negligence or may even be intentional. However, most of the offenders remain unknown so they cannot be booked. Ground flora such as leaves and leaf litter decompose in due course of time and add to the nutrients in the soil. However, forest fires burn this matter, thus eating up soil's nutrients. Forest fires also stunt the growth of trees,\" said Kadam.Besides, such fires are known to envelope anything that comes in their way, including reptiles and bird nests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12945601", "title": "City bus service fails to keep launch date", "text": "GURGAON: Haryana Roadways has again failed to keep date with the city bus service which was to begin by the end of April. While the basic infrastructure and manpower including new buses, drivers and conductors have been in place for quite some time now, internal issues are reportedly delaying the start of the service.Haryana Roadways is planning to bring changes in the route starting covering Rajiv Chowk, Medicity Hospital and Sectors 32, 39, 31, 40 among others, considering low number of passengers, making it financially unprofitable.A separate team including a person in charge of duty and eight other staff will take care of the bus service, said a source. However, an official, who is part of the newly-formed team, said they have not got any intimation about the routes, fare list, drivers and conductors as of now.Meanwhile, Haryana Roadways GM (Gurgaon) Yashendra Singh said the service will be launched in the next 2-3 days.As many as 25 brand new buses, manufactured by an Ambala-based company, and an another three funded by the Haryana Roadways Engineering Corporation are lying at the Gurgaon bus depot. Besides, 19 old buses will be deployed for now, but will be phased out soon.While 128 bus drivers have already joined, most of the 175 conductors have reported for duty and also undergone a 5-day training programme. Twelve buses will run in two shifts on each route from 6am to 10pm, with frequency of 20 minutes.The ticket fares have been fixed at Rs 5, 10 and 15 for up to 4km, up to 8km and above respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12946117", "title": "Baroda Dairy to issue show-cause notice to managing director", "text": "VADODARA: The board members of Baroda District Cooperative Milk Producers Union Limited ( BDCMPUL) on Monday decided to issue show-cause notices to four employees, including dairy's managing director, general manager (production), assistant general manager (procurement) and assistant manager (quality control). The notices will be issued for allegedly allowing owner of a private milk dairy in Padra to pour milk illegally into Baroda Dairy's milk pool. The members have also decided to lodge a police complaint against the owner of the private dairy.The decision was taken based on an inquiry committee report which found two officials guilty of allowing unauthorized milk flow into the district co-operative union's network, while two other officials have been found guilty of not monitoring the milk flow properly.It was last month that it had come to light that excess milk to the volume of 33,000 litre (worth Rs 9.5 lakh) was illegally poured for three days into the milk procurement network of Baroda Dairy by owner of a private milk dairy in Padra Jagdish Patel. Patel is also vice-president of BJP's local unit in Padra.\"Patel has admitted that he had supplied milk through tankers. Although he has tried to argue that the milk was supplied through our registered primary milk society in Sangma, the original truck sheets forwarded by our registered milk society are different from what he has submitted before us,\" a board member, part of the probe committee, told TOI.The notices will be issued to managing director Pratik Kumar and general manager (production) V A Gohil seeking their reply within 15 days on why shouldn't the dairy suspend or terminate them for allowing unauthorized milk enter the dairy's network. Notices will be also issued to assistant general manager (procurement) S V Patel and assistant manager (quality control) Vasu Patel - who as per the committee report - have failed in their duty of monitoring the system.\"GM (production) in his statement before the committee has said that he allowed the excess milk on instructions from MD. The MD has denied this. But in his written statement, he has admitted that he was aware about the excess milk was poured since March 20. Also, in a contradictory action, he had issued a show-cause notice to GM (production) on March 28, seeking an explanation on why excess milk was coming to the dairy from Sangma,\" a board member said. The probe committee included dairy's chairman Narendra Patel alias Mukhi, vice-chairman Ajitsinh Thakore, directors G B Solanki, Dilip Patel, Ranjitsinh Rathwa, Atul Patel and Kuldeepsinh Raolji as members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12943728", "title": "3.3 lakh students to appear for Maharashtra-CET this year", "text": "MUMBAI: Over three lakh students will appear for the state's common entrance test (MH-CET) on May 10 at 867 centres across Maharashtra. While 55,567 candidates will sit for MHT-CET to join a health science course, 1.20 lakh students will take the test to sign up for an engineering programme against last year's 1.49 lakh.Of the total 3.38 lakh students who will appear for MHT-CET this year, the maximum number-1.63 lakh- will attempt all the papers-physics, chemistry, biology and mathematics.\"We see a large number of students taking all the papers because the competition in medicine is tough. Many know that they cannot afford a private medical college so they take the exam for both engineering and medicine,\" said Pravin Shingare, director of the Directorate of Medical Education and Research.Apart from an overall 11% rise in the number of exam takers, there has been a change in the composition of students taking the CET. In 2005, the largest pool of aspirants came from Mumbai: of the 1.52 lakh students who took the test that year, 26,773 were from the area that stretches from Cuffe Parade to Bandra. This year, that has halved and stands at 13,263, thus reflecting a change in the city's population.\"We may give students copies of the question paper and their answersheets,\" said Shingare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12950738", "title": "Karisma Kapoor learns Urdu for 'Dangerous Ishq'", "text": "Karisma Kapoor has been trained in 5 dialects for her upcoming film 'Dangerous Ishq'. She took various workshops to clear her diction as her role demanded it.To get all the dialects right, she has been dubbing for two months to get it exact. Karisma had to learn urdu for the movie so she took special interest in it and used to read urdu, especially some massive phrases of the language.It was a very unusual situation for her but she enjoyed learning as she has never done this before. She believes that it was a great learning experience for her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "12944733", "title": "Maoist held in Hazaribag", "text": "HAZARIBAG: A police team headed by the officer-in-charge of the Bishnugarh Police station Ramdayal Munda along with a CRPF squad arrested hardcore Maoist Shivcharan Manjhi with arms late on Sunday, Hazaribag superintendent of police Pankaj Kamboj told the media on MondayHe said Manjhi, who was wanted in 15 cases, including police encounters, was released from the Hazaribag Central jail recently, after completion of his previous term. However, immediately after release, he started indulging in anti-social activities like threatening local people with dire consequences, if they fail to abide by the 48-hour bandh call which ended on Sunday midnight. Acting on a tip-off, the police team conducted raids in the dense forests near Konar Dam and succeeded in arresting Manjhi.Maoist literature, posters and arms, including revolver, six live cartridges, was recovered from him. Manjhi was produced before the chief judicial magistrate of Hazaribag on Monday and was remanded in jusicial custody. Kamboj, however confirmed that no untoward incident took place anywhere in the district owing to the bandh call. Police patrolling in the region have been intensified following the arrest of Manjhi.Section 144 enforced in Maithan: Sub-divisional magistrate of Dhanbad on Monday enforced prohibitory orders under section 144 in Maithan, 40 kms from here, following a gherao threat to the DVC project office by the displaced groups. The SDM, in his order, said the officer-in-charge of Maithan informed that there is a fear of violence and aggression in the area, owing to the agitation threat by the organization from May 1.In 2010 too, the SDM said, large-scale violence outbroke in the area when the agitators assaulted senior officers of the DVC at Maithan and damaged property of the project office. tnnProhibitory orders which restrict assembly of more than five persons at a place shall be applicable in the Maithan township, till further orders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12944374", "title": "Pune municipal corporation to get control over prime land", "text": "PUNE: The civic court on Monday ruled that a 9.35 acre prime plot, located close to Mitra Mandal chowk in Parvati, belongs to the PMC and not to the present occupier.The PMC had acquired the plot in 1979 under the Urban Land Ceiling (ULC) Act to construct a hospital. The owners had challenged the PMC's decision before the state government. At first, the state rejected the appeal, but later directed the civic body to return the land. In 1996, the PMC filed a writ petition challenging the state government directive. The PMC argued that the process of acquiring the land had been duly completed and that there was no going back on the hospital plan. The market value of the plot is in crores.A senior PMC official said that there was political pressure to return the land to the owners. \"With the civic court's decision, the PMC can now start the procedure to acquire the land and develop the hospital as per the 1987 Development Plan (DP),\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12944495", "title": "Railway platform ticket to cost 5 from today", "text": "PUNE: Visitors to railway stations will have to pay Rs 5 for a platform ticket from May 1. The hike from the previous Rs 3 was declared in the railway budget 2012-13, which is to come into force from May 1. Around 7,000 people purchase platform tickets in Pune every day.Railway officials have appealed the visitors to purchase a valid platform ticket before entering the railway station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12945825", "title": "Schools pitching for review plea", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka Unaided Schools' Managements Association (KUSMA), which has 1,800 members, will file a review petition in the Supreme Court over the next few weeks, challenging 25% reservation in private unaided schools under the Right to Education Act.The main grouse is the government's decision to transfer the responsibility of educating poor children to private schools. The other contention is that the law has exempted private unaided minority (religious and linguistic) schools from reserving 25% seats for underprivileged children.\"Giving education is the government's constitutional obligation . For this, it needs to develop the infrastructure instead of passing the buck. With the 25% RTE quota, we'll be penalizing 75 children to help 25. Moreover, we're one nation and therefore there should be one law. It's unfair for some institutions to be exempted,\" said VRN Reddy, vicepresident , KUSMA. The decision was taken at the last association meeting on Saturday.KV Dhananjay will represent KUSMA in court. \"KUSMA had stayed away from the Supreme Court proceedings primarily because the RTE Act could not be meaningfully challenged in a court unless it was seen in actual operation. Now that the judgment has been delivered and the consequences are being felt, KUSMA will filing a review petition to protect the interests of its members. No reasonable person should debate on whether every child should be educated. Every child deserves to be freely and compulsorily educated. Rather, the means by which such a goal is sought to be achieved should be debated,\" he said.KUSMA's argument would be that it's not that the government of the day is somehow more concerned about education for the poor. Our founding fathers who gave us our Constitution did indeed debate in 1949 on making education free and compulsory. But once they realised the government itself did not have the resources to do so, they put free and compulsory education as a recommendation and not as a fundamental right. However, in 2009, the Parliament removed that recommendation and made it a fundamental right.As such, schools cannot succeed in challenging the Act unless they contest the 2009 Amendment to the Constitution. Surprisingly , no institution that fought the RTE Act in the Supreme Court did that. The RTE Act nationalizes private education and also distorts the 'fundamental right' concept of our Constitution . Every other fundamental right talks of the government's conduct like treating everybody equally, not discriminating and so on. Only this right talks of a facility, a facility to provide which the government itself does not have resources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12945535", "title": "MCG power cut for non-payment of bills", "text": "GURGAON: Weeks after the phone line of MCG call centre was disconnected for non-payment of dues, Dakshin Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam (DHBVN) has disconnected electricity supply to various community centres and tubewells owned by the MCG.Despite having surplus funds, the mismanagement in the MCG is leading to public inconvenience. The DHBVN's move, however, has caught the corporation off guard. In a letter to the DHBVN superintending engineer, the MCG commissioner has requested him not to disconnect essential services in future without prior consent of the municipal corporation.\"MCG will pay all the dues well within time. In case of any dispute of such payment, the matter shall be sorted out through mutual consultations,\" the letter reads.According to sources, the commissioner has pulled up officials over such lacklustre attitude. \"These incidents are a cause of embarrassment for us and the commissioner has taken a serious view regarding disconnection of electric supply of basic amenities like tubewells and community centres. He has directed that all the due payments of DHBVN should be released immediately. Moreover, he has instructed all the executive engineers that hereafter if any such incident of non-payment of bills come to his notice, the executive engineer concerned will be held responsible,\" said a source.Meanwhile on Monday, the MCG commissioner announced that the corporation would install LED streetlights in all its four zones at a cost of Rs 38 lakh. \"These LED lights will help conserve power. The installation process will begin in May,\" said Sudhir Rajpal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "adilabad", "code": "12943349", "title": "Osmania university students to join anti-Kawal tiger reserve fight", "text": "ADILABAD: With several tribal groups raising a hue and cry against the decision to declare Kawal wildlife sanctuary as a tiger reserve, Telangana students, who have been in the forefront of the separate statehood movement, have now decided to take up cudgels against the move.Osmania University students' JAC along with the district unit of the Telangana Vidyarthi Vedika will conduct padayatras in the interior mandals to educate tribals, though the forest department has allayed the apprehensions of displacement of tribals.Students have started touring villages and conducting door-to-door campaign against the tiger reserve. Villagers of Udampur and Allampalli in Utnoor mandal passed unanimous resolutions against the tiger reserve, emboldened by the student stir. The Kawal tiger reserve will have a core area of 839 square km and buffer zone of 1,123 sq km.OU JAC chairman Jagan told TOI that gram sabhas or panchayats should be consulted as per the Panchayats Extension to Scheduled Areas ( PESA) Act, 1996, before acquiring land in the scheduled areas for any development project. \"But the forest officials did not bother to consult a single village panchayat,\" he said. He found fault with the government and forest officials for going ahead with the tiger reserve plan without taking the opinion of the majority adivasis, who would be displaced because of the project. \"Tribals would lose their legitimate right on the forest once they are evacuated from the forest limits,\" he observed.Vidyarthi Vedika district president Sayanna pooh-poohed the Rs 10 lakh compensation offered by the government for the evacuees. \"The money dole would not change the lives of adivasis. Their life revolves around the forest and its produce,\" he explained. Tribals belonging to 42 habitations in Jannaram, Kadem, Khanapur, Indravelli and Utnoor mandals which will have to be evacuated for the proposed tiger reserve would lose their livelihood. \"We are students of this region and would fight until the government withdraws its proposal,\" Sayanna warned. The dalit groups are also trying to mobilise the people of 42 habitations in the forest area and its surroundings against the decision.Hitesh Malhotra, principal chief conservator of forests, at a recent press conference in Hyderabad said that there was no proposal to evacuate or shift any village or habitation from the area. \"There is no question of any forcible evacuation. People will be shifted only if the gram sabhas of those habitations pass a resolution expressing their willingness to move out,\" he had said.A senior forest official of Jannaram disputed the theory that the Kawal tiger reserve has only two tigers and not 7-8 wild cats. \"Once the conditions and habitat in the tiger reserve are improved, the tigers will come back because they would feel safe in their habitat. Also, the corridor linking Kawal with Maharashtra forest will be secure,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12945498", "title": "Punjab and Haryana high court issues notice to administration, police, education department", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Acting on a petition filed by an NGO accusing IAS officer Prerna Puri of misusing her official position by allegedly ill-treating a domestic help hired by her mother, Punjab and Haryana high court on Monday put UT administration, police and education department on notice. The authorities have been asked to respond on May 4.NGO Vatsal Chaya filed a PIL through its chairperson Sangeeta Vardhan stating that in 2009, it came across two children aged about 11 years, working as domestic help in Sector 8-C, Chandigarh. One of them named Shambu, hailed from Jagatpur village in Bihar , and was employed with mother of Prerna Puri, who has been serving in UT.The petitioner submitted that they requested Shambu's employer to send him to their evening school for four hours and he was enrolled in 2009. The petitioner alleged that for the past few days it was observed that Sambhu was scared of coming to school and when they probed him, he said a \"didi,\" who used to come to their house with policemen, would \"threaten and harass\" him.\"Upon detailed inquiries, it was found that didi happened to be none other than Prerna Puri, thus she misused her official position and denied educational facilties to Shambu,\" the petitioner submitted.The petitioner sought directions for an in-depth inquiry while praying to record statements of all concerned to probe their role. It sought strict action against those found guilty. After hearing the petition and considering the sensitivity of the matter, a division bench headed by acting chief justice of the HC M M Kumar asked the UT administration, police and the education department to file their replies in the matter before the court. The bench, however, refused to issue notice to IAS officer at this stage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12949597", "title": "Celebrate summer with mango delicacies", "text": "Summers are incomplete without the succulent mangoes! If you're a mango addict, just go straight to Tiara Restaurant, Meluha The Fern - An Ecotel Hotel and grab your share of the juicy fruit this season.The restaurant is all set to celebrate the mango festival 'Mango Dhamal', which is all about symbolising unity in diversity. Enjoy different varieties of mango delicacies to give your taste bud a never-experienced-before mango taste.Enjoy mango treats like haa- phoos (fresh mango served with vanilla ice cream), mango pistachio parfait with strawberry pepper coulis, mango basil melli feulli with mango chili sorbet, mango chocolate mud cake with strawberry compote, caramelized mango tatin with mango ice cream, fresh mango milk shake, mango lassi, and many more.About the restaurant, it is a multi-cuisine restaurant &amp; bar at Meluha The Fern Hotel. The restaurant transforms itself form a quick buffet spread during the day to an elaborate, cosy dinner by the piano bar, making it a great place for a casual get together or even a romantic dinner.This place serves you some delectable cuisines from all around the world to make the evening perfect. The menu is carefully chosen and is kept delightful with a good selection of international wines. With a wide variety to choose from one can be rest assured to find something for every palate.So go ahead and enjoy your time!Where: Tiara Restaurant, Meluha The Fern - An Ecotel Hotel, MumbaiWhen: 1 - 13 May 2012Timing: 10:00 am to 11:30 pm", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12944299", "title": "House panel slams govt\u2019s laxity towards defence preparedness", "text": "NEW DELHI: From sharply dwindling number of fighter squadrons and grossly inadequate trainer aircraft for rookie pilots in the IAF to critical shortages of helicopters and tank ammunition in the Army, a parliamentary panel has attacked the government for its lackadaisical attitude towards strengthening the country's defence preparedness.The parliamentary standing committee on defence, however, agreed with the government in rejecting the media report that held the ''unusual'' movement of two Army units towards New Delhi on January16/17 had ''spooked'' Raisina Hill into thinking a coup could be in the offing. ''As stated by the defence secretary, the media report was based on wrong inferences, surmises and conjectures...it's strongly dismissed,'' said the panel.Tabling its latest report in Parliament on Monday, the committee, however, did not spare the government for huge delays in modernization of the armed forces who should be operationally ready to tackle any challenge, including the worst-case scenario of a two-front war with China and Pakistan .The report largely endorses Army chief General V K Singh's warning on the huge gaps in operational capabilities of the 1.13-million strong Army, in his confidential letter to PM Manmohan Singh on March 12 that later found its way into the public domain.Stung by the startling disclosures, the defence ministry is now trying to fast-track arms purchases as well as infrastructure development along the borders, as reported by TOI.The parliamentary committee said, ''India is surrounded by difficult neighbours and as such there is an urgent need to allocate adequate outlay to the armed forces, particularly for capital expenditure. Moreover, there are huge gaps between the required and existing force levels in armament, equipment, aircraft etc.''While there is a shortage of 18 Cheetah, 76 advanced light helicopters (ALHs) and 60 weapons systems integrated ALHs in the Army Aviation Corps, the armoured corps are grappling with ''critical'' shortages in tank ammunition. Expressing ''alarm'' over these deficiencies, the committee ''strongly emphasized that all issues confronting acquisitions should be addressed immediately''.Similarly, the committee noted IAF was grappling with just 34 fighter squadrons, which would go down to 31 during the 12th Plan period (2012-17), when at least 42 were required.''The committee is concerned to note the huge gap between the required and existing squadrons...What is more worrying is the fact that our fighter fleet is quite old and on the verge of phasing out,'' it said, adding IAF would be able to reach 42 fighter squadrons only by the end of the 14th Plan (2022-27).Moreover, only 255 of the 434 trainer aircraft inducted over the years to train rookie pilots are available at present. Apart from the 60 Hawk advanced jet trainers, the others like HPT-32 and Kiran are 28 and 39 years old, respectively.''The critical deficiency of trainer aircraft and simulators is resulting in inadequate training to fighter pilots. This is leading to loss of lives of trained pilots which is a great loss to the families and the country as a whole,'' it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "bathinda", "code": "12945765", "title": "Bathinda lesbian couple refuse to end relationship", "text": "BATHINDA: The lesbian couple from Bathinda that recently sought protection from Punjab and Haryana high court has refused to break up their relationship and declined the offer made by their parents and relatives to return home.The parents of Swaran Kaur and Harsharan Kaur, who have decided to live together, had come calling on Sunday at the Maur police station where Swaran is posted as a constable and staying with Harsharan in the police residential quarters.The couple first refused even to see their parents and after a lot of requests, allowed them inside their room which is guarded by policemen following recent orders from the Punjab and Haryana high court.\"These girls have disgraced not only our families but the entire village. We still asked them to break their relationship and come back home,\" said Swarn Kaur's mother Mukhtyar Kaur.\"We wept in front of the girls but they were not moved. They were so adamant. They have chosen their destiny and all I can do is pray for them,\" said Mukhtyar.Harsharan and Swaran, who are childhood friends, are from Balahar Vinjhu, a sleepy little village some 16km from Bathinda town. They decided to move in together around nine months ago.However, when their parents and the village panchayat came to know about the decision, the girls started receiving life threats and they ran away from their homes on April 20.After spending almost a week in hiding, the couple finally moved the Punjab and Haryana high court last week, which ordered the Bathinda police to provide security to the girls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12944456", "title": "Birlas help 71 couples tie the knot", "text": "KOLKATA: As BK Birla group patriarch Basant Kumar Birla and his wife Sarala Birla embarked on their 71st year of marriage on Monday, 71 couples from Renukoot in Uttar Pradesh tied the knot in a mass marriage organized at the Milan Mela grounds. where 71 couples from Renukoot in Uttar Pradesh tied knots in the city in a traditional wedding ceremony.Every year, the This type of mass marriage is organized every year by Aditya Birla Centre for Community Initiative and Rural Development organizes a mass marriage for underprivileged couples. This year, 71 couples were brought to the city in the Renukoot-Howrah Special train.On Monday morning, the Milan Mela grounds were decorated with traditional mandaps. While priests chanted hymns aloud, the Milan Mela premises smelled of ghee and camphor.The elderly couple sat through the marriage along with other family members - Rajashree Birla (wife of late Aditya Birla), Manjushree Khaitan, Jayashree Mohta and Kumar Mangalam Birla.The newly-weds are scheduled to leave for their native place on Monday night.After the marriage ceremony came to a close, the elderly Birla couple went to every mandap to greet the newly-weds and blessed them. They even handed over gifts to the new couples.Amidst the loud noise of shehnai played by the nahabats, the couples sat in traditional mandaps as the pandits chanted hymns aloud. The enclosed premise of Milan Mela ground was filled with smell of ghee and camphor, which is used for yajna in marriage.A family friend of the Birlas said: \"This type of mass marriage is organized every year by the Aditya Birla Group. This year it is being organized in the city.\"Another family member said this tradition of conducting mass marriages was a regular activity where economically marginalized people tie the knots. activity is a regular one to help the economically marginalized tie their knots.\"This is just an effort to help them start a new life,\" she said.Earlier, the Birla family had facilitated a similar kind of mass marriage in the Sunderbans to help the lesser privileged lot. people over there start a new life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12944266", "title": "Trinamool Chhatra Parishad factions clash, 4 held from campus", "text": "KOLKATA: An altercation between two groups of students over union polls at City College, Amherst Street, snowballed into a pitched battle on the campus, forcing police to arrest four youths from the spot on Monday.According to cops, the atmosphere at the college was on tenterhooks for the past couple of days over the tussle between two groups of Trinamool Chhatra Parishad supporters. The tension took an ugly turn on Monday and police had to chase students to restore normalcy.Sources said the warring groups were led by Priyal Chowdhury and Sajal alias Debu Ghosh. In Trinamool politics, Sajal is a newcomer though his followers ruled City College for some time. After joining Trinamool, he tried to wrest power at City College and Surendranath College. But his rival group led by Priyal tried thwarting his efforts. Chowdhury is in Trinamool since long and demanded that his followers be taken in for key roles in students' bodies in these colleges.On Monday, supporters of Sajal allegedly started pelting stones at the rival group members who retaliated with soda bottles. Soon the battle hit the roads, disrupting traffic.Initially, cops from Amherst Street police station rushed to the spot but they were outnumbered soon. Reinforcements, led by DC (north) Gaurav Sharma, reached the spot. Police chased the mob and managed the situation. Police claimed that no college identity card was found on them. Neither could they provide evidence that they were college students.\"Three of the arrested are former students and the fourth is a casual staffer of the college,\" said Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12944331", "title": "India hoping for new visa pact with Pak by end-May", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the Union Cabinet giving its nod for signing a new visa agreement, India on Monday hoped that a pact would be signed with Pakistan to facilitate a liberalized visa regime along with taking forward various confidence building measures (CBMs) at the forthcoming Indo-Pak home secretary-level talks in Islamabad.\"I think the liberalized visa regime can be signed if the Pakistani side is ready. Our Cabinet has approved it. Then, we can talk about trade-related matters, we can talk about CBMs along the LoC (Line of Control)...there are number of issues. I am optimistic,\" said home minister P Chidambaram.He was responding to a question on what New Delhi was expecting from the India-Pakistan home secretary-level talks to be held in Islamabad towards end-May.It is expected that both the countries will finalize the new visa agreement, making it easier for certified businessmen from both sides to get one-year multiple-entry non-police reporting visas. Under new visa regime, there may be a provision to give one-year multiple-entry visa to those businessmen, whose credentials are certified by trade chambers on the both sides. The new pact will also allow businessmen to visit five cities instead of existing three. The other provisions include exempting senior citizens from police reporting.Islamabad has offered to host the meeting anytime between May 23 and 27, and New Delhi is likely to give its consent for the talks on May 24-25.The bilateral meeting will be held amid renewed engagements between India and Pakistan. Prime Minister Manmohan Singh hosted a lunch for Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari on April 8, when he was here on a \"private visit\". Last home secretary-level talks between the two countries had taken place in New Delhi in March, 2011.On announcement by a US government official that the American government has not announced any bounty on LeT founder Hafiz Saeed, Chidambaram, while presenting a report card of his ministry on Monday, said, \"The US government has not said it, one official of the US government has said it. I go by the statement released by the US government which did offer a sum of $10 million to anyone giving information about Hafiz Saeed\".India will during the home secretary-level talks also raise the issue of taking action against the Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) founder and 2611 mastermind Hafiz Saeed, who has been allowed to roam freely despite New Delhi had given enough evidence to Islamabad to nail him. Indian delegation is expected to hand over to its counterpart a copy of the chargesheet, filed by the NIA in December, 2011, against serving and retired Pakistani Army officers, including from the ISI, for their roles in terror acts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12943989", "title": "HC notice to Bhujbal, educational trust for \u2018fee fraud\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Monday issued a notice to state public works department minister Chhagan Bhujbal and his Mumbai Educational Trust (MET) to seek their reply on a PIL which alleged that the trust defrauded students into paying excess fees to the tune of Rs 8 crore in Nashik colleges.The PIL, filed by a former freedom fighter Balasaheb Jhambulkar, alleged that amounts meant for technology funds were misused by the minister's trust and students were charged excessive fees for two years. A bench headed by Justice Sharad Bobde briefly issued a notice and posted the matter for further hearing after two weeks or beyond the vacation.The PIL alleged that Bhujbal and his trust also defrauded the Shikshan Shulk Samiti, the government committee that sets fees for private professional institutes. The PIL demanded appointment of an administrator and suspension of trustees, including founders Bhujbal, wife Meena, son Pankaj, nephew Sameer and Sunil Karve.Jhambukar's counsel Anil Anturkar said luxurious facilities are meant to be provided by institutes and the cost cannot be recovered through fees but the PIL, which has enclosed the income expense account statement for 2010-11 for the institutes, says \"garden expenditure\" is taken into account and an amount of Rs 25 lakh shown as expenses for \"provision of technology development\" was not used but kept by the trust in a section called 'technology development fund'.The committee fixes fees based on valid and permitted expenses incurred by privately run institutes in the previous year. The PIL alleges that the trust showed inflated amounts as expenses when there were none. The trust thus misled the committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12944841", "title": "Murtaza is government's advocate for high court's Lucknow bench", "text": "LUCKNOW: Principal secretary law ZU Khan on Monday appointed Rishad Murtaza as government advocate for the Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court for representing criminal cases on behalf of the state government.Veer Bhan Singh and Suniti Sachan have been appointed as additional government advocates (I). The state government has also appointed Mohammed Arif Khan, Afaque Zaki Khan, Eraj Siddiqui, Faisal Ahmed Khan, Mohd Kaleem, Farhat Jamal Siddiqui, Anurag Verma, Amarjeet Singh Rakra, Sharad Dikshit, Sachendra Pratap Singh, Anil Kumar Gupta and Vipul Gupta as additional government advocates (II).After the coming of the new government, government advocate Mahendra Pratap had resigned and since then the post was vacant. Already, there have been number of additional government advocates appointed by the previous BSP government. The government has made additional appointments on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "12945478", "title": "4 persons killed in pharma factory blast in Lalru", "text": "MOHALI: A fortnight after a factory collapsed in Jalandhar resulting in death of 23 persons, four persons were killed and 15 injured in a blast in a chemical reactor of a leading pharmaceutical company, Dashmesh Medicare Pvt Ltd, at Basouli village in Lalru on Monday.The Mohali district police have registered a case of culpable homicide not amounting to murder against managing director (MD) of the company, N R Mujaan, chairman, S R Mehta, manager Kamal Mehta and other senior officials .Mohali deputy commissioner Varun Rozal has also marked an inquiry to find out lapses on the part of management of the company.The 15 injured were taken to Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH), Sector 32, Chandigarh, PGI and the civil hospital in Mohali. The district administration has announced a compensation of Rs 1 lakh to family members of each the deceased and Rs 50,000 to the injured persons.The incident took place around 7.30am. The night shift had changed at 6am. The fire was brought under control by two dozen fire tenders after two-and-a-half hours. Mohali DC Varun Rozal, SSP G P S Bhullar, Derabassi MLA M L Sharma, and other senior administrative officials rushed to the spot on getting to know about the incident.The injured included Rajkumar Verma, Ashok Malik, Sucha Singh, Saravjeet Singh, Sobindoo, Chote Ram, Santosh Kumar, Sunil Kumar and Mahender Awasthi.Sudesh Yadav, one of the factory employees said, \"I heard a huge noise due to the explosion.\" Yadav joined his duty in the morning shift around 7am.Balkar Singh, sarpanch of Basuli village, said, \"The noise of the explosion could be heard in an area of around 8km from the unit. More than 100 villagers rushed to the spot to help in the rescue work.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12948624", "title": "SC orders N D Tiwari to undergo DNA test in paternity case", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Tuesday asked Congress leader N D Tiwari to provide blood samples for DNA test in the paternity test case.The Delhi high court on Friday had said that ND Tiwari could be compelled to give blood sample. It further said that police assistance could be sought if he refused to agree to do it voluntarily.The division bench of the court set aside an earlier order of single judge which stated that ND Tiwari cannot be forced to give a blood sample in the paternity suit filed by Rohit Shekhar.Rohit Shekhar, who had challenged high court's earlier order, claims he is the biological son of the veteran leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12943900", "title": "City may miss date with greenery", "text": "LUDHIANA: With the municipal corporation (MC) clueless on plantation drive, greenery may give the city a miss. No plans have been chalked out regarding the number of saplings to be procured and when to plant these, even as the monsoon is just two months away.Last year, the civic body had started work on its plantation drive six months before monsoon, but still it could not even meet half of its target. It had decided to plant 40,000 saplings, but could not purchase most of these in time. Of those planted, many had dried up with no one looking after them. And though tree guards were purchased much in advance, in the absence of trees these are today lying unutilized in MC nursery.Joint MC commissioner and head of horticulture branch A S Sekhon said, \"We have enough time for plantation of trees. Usually plantation begins in the first week of July... by then, we will make all arrangements. Besides, we have some plants from the last year too, we will utilize these first.''Sources, however, said, \"Monsoon is two months away. If plans are not chalked out now, the drive might suffer again. And the civic body has all the more less time as code of conduct will be imposed with MC polls nearing.''\"Last year, the rainy season had started in mid-June, but till then, the officials had initiated no concrete work on the drive. The plants they had ordered from Saharanpur had reached here in August,'' they added.\"And in the absence of technical guidance, most of their plans suffer. Like last year, they had decided to plant trees, instead of saplings, so that these don't dry up. But as these reached late, they had to plant saplings only,'' sources said.Meanwhile, the residents want MC to take up the matter seriously. \"First, the authorities do not plan properly and then, they start plantation drive in haste. That's why Ludhiana has the least green cover. Plants need time and attention to grow,'' said R K Gupta, a businessman and resident of Aggar Nagar.Deepak Verma, a shopkeeper and resident of BRS Nagar, said, \"Our city is quite polluted. MC should take up the plantation drive seriously. Because of its lack of planning, we are suffering.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12944755", "title": "No interest on late payment of property tax: Nagpur Municipal Corporation House", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) general body has passed a resolution for suspension of 2% interest being levied on late payment of property tax. The relief, however, will not come into effect immediately as it requires state government consent.The first meeting of new general body held in Town Hall on Monday witnessed strong opposition from the corporators of both ruling and opposition groups to levy of 2% interest. Following a proposal from leader of ruling party Pravin Datke, mayor Anil Sole asked the municipal secretary to keep the item on general body agenda.Senior corporators Praful Gudadhe and Avinash Thakre spoke about flaws in levying of 2% interest. Gudadhe said the administration started to levy the interest in 2011-12 \"but the interest has been levied with retrospective effect from June 2010. Besides, it has been levied on properties on which the tax was re-assessed thus resulting in serious problems. The implementation was illegal.\"Municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal objected to Gudadhe's allegations. \"Interest was implemented following amendment of bylaws by the Government. It was necessary to ensure payment of tax in time,\" he said. This was followed by heated discussions between Jaiswal and Gudadhe. Additional deputy municipal commissioner Ravindra Kumbhare clarified that the interest was levied on a monthly basis and no interest on interest was charged.Leader of opposition leader Vikas Thakre slammed the officials of Property Tax department saying they were looting the tax payers. \"Staffers citing the provisions of interest and other bylaws are bargaining with the tax payers and assuring them to reduce the taxes. Action should be taken against the staffers engaged in such illegal practices,\" he demanded.Announcing the resolution as passed unanimously, Sole also pulled up Property Tax staffers. \"Citizens are left to face severe problems due to different interpretation of bylaws. The administration should ensure no undue advantage is taken by the staffers. Action should be taken against those engaged in malpractices,\" he ruled.NMC for Bharat Ratna to TendulkarNMC general body passed a resolution unanimously requesting the Central government to confer Bharat Ratna on cricketer Sachin Tendulkar . Corporator Sandip Joshi moved the proposal and was supported by leader of ruling party Praveen Datke and leader of opposition Vikas Thakre. The house also decided to accord a civic reception to Tendulkar for his 100 international centuries. \"He is the pride of the entire country. NMC will convey the feelings of the city to the Government,\" Joshi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12944230", "title": "Richard Loitam death: Speed up tests, cops write to forensic science lab", "text": "BANGALORE: With tardy progress into the alleged murder of a student sparking off protests by North-East groups on Monday, Bangalore Rural police have asked fore8nsic authorities to speed up chemical analysis and his to pathological tests on visceral samples and body parts of the victim.\"Usually, it takes at least 2-3 months for preparing these reports. But given the sensitivity of the issue, I have written to both the director of Forensic Science lab (FSL) and director of Victoria Hospital to speed up the tests,\" G Prakash, superintendent of police, Bangalore Rural, told TOI.Richard Loitam, a native of Imphal and student of Acharya NRV College on Architecture in Bangalore, was found dead in his hostel room on April 18.What happenedPrakash said investigations revealed that Loitam had met with an accident while riding a bike three days earlier. Richard was riding the bike, while his hostelmate, Spoorthi Raj, was on the pillion. Vishal Banerjee, another hostel inmate, and Spoorthi had bought the bike by raising funds together.On April 17, Vishal had a fight with Richard over damages caused to the bike by the accident. Richard, said to be well-built, appeared to be having an upper hand in the fight when another hostel inmate, Syed Afzal, intervened and punched Richard on the face a couple of times, the police officer said. Richard was found dead in his hostel room the next night. The postmortem report said the boy had died four hours before he was found dead.Accident victim?Admitting that police have a complex case with them, the SP said Richard didn't undergo proper treatment after he met with the accident, while the damages suffered by the helmet he wore raise the possibility of him having suffered serious head injuries.Citing expert opinion that internal head injuries could manifest fatally within 48 hours of their occurrence, he said the forensic reports will be crucial to prove whether the boy died of accident injuries or due to the attack by his two friends.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12943743", "title": "High court disposes petition on medium of instruction", "text": "PANAJI: The high court of Bombay at Goa on Monday disposed of a public interest litigation (PIL) filed by Ruhi Dicholkar and three others challenging the circular issued by the directorate of Education (DoE) as regards release of grants to primary schools with English as their medium of instruction (MoI).A division bench comprising Justice A P Lavande and Justice U V Bakre passed the order following a statement made by the DoE that the government had now decided to withdraw the circular issued on June 10, 2011, by substituting it with a fresh circular.On April 24, the director of education, Anil Powar, had filed an affidavit before the high court stating that it would issue a fresh circular in that regard after taking into consideration suggestions from all sections of society and the provisions of the Right to Education Act, 2005.During the hearing on Monday, the petitioners' advocate, Mahesh Sonak, suggested that the petition can be disposed of in view of the DoE's statement that it would not implement the MoI circular.The petitioners had also complained that several primary schools had switched over to English as their MoI, despite a stay order passed by the high court.On July 18, 2011, the high court had passed an interim order that the cabinet decision and the subsequent DoE circular on MoI shall not be implemented.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12943667", "title": "Health department seeks NGO role in \u2018Hamari Beti Express\u2019 drive", "text": "JAIPUR: The health department has decided to take the help of NGOs for running 'Hamari Beti Express' (a van) which has been launched on National Safe Motherhood Day on April 11 to make people aware about the declining sex ratio in the state.Four such vans were launched by the health department on April 11. The officials are distributing pamphlets and also showing documentaries to people in rural and urban areas as well.\"We have invited applications from the NGOs and let us see what they can do for us. But we want their help in conducting various kinds of events, while travelling with the van in different parts of the state, to make people aware about declining sex ratio in the state,\" said an official.The department has plans to celebrate the birth of girl child wherever the van goes in the state so that people would also feel that girls are equally important like boys. The official said they want that such celebrations to become common in the state and the NGOs should also help them in developing a trend of celebrations during girl child's birth.The child sex ratio in Rajasthan has declined by 26 points from 909 to 883 between 2001 and 2011.Moreover, one of the activities in which the department seeks support of NGOs is to make people aware that girls also need education.The department, through Hamari Beti Express, would also encourage people to send their girl child to schools with an aim to reduce drop-out of girls from the schools.But, along with making people aware about girl child, they will inform the people that any kind of involvement in sex determination and female feticide is a crime.The department would also use nukkad nataks (street plays) and puppet shows to send the message that a girl child is not a burden.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12949786", "title": "Nithin to pair up with Shruti Haasan", "text": "The success of \"Ishq\" has done a whole lot of good for actor Nithin's acting career.Few days ago, we had reported that he had given his dates to Bellamkonda Suresh and then there were rumours that he was in talks with \"Ee Rojullo\" director Maruthi for a new film.However, the talks didn't materialize and the project has been shelved. If the latest buzz about Nithin is to be believed, then the actor has agreed to act in a film to be directed by Tamil director Vijay. Bellamkonda Suresh will produce the film. Shruti Haasan will be the leading lady.Anirudh Ravichander, the music director of \"3\", is going to compose music for this film. More details about this project will be revealed soon.www.123telugu.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12944474", "title": "Ahmedabad Municipal Transport Services bus rams into 2 vehicles, driver thrashed", "text": "AHMEDABAD: An AMTS bus rammed into two vehicles near Rentiawadi on Monday afternoon after the driver lost control over the bus. Nearby residents gathered on the spot and beat up the driver before handing him over to police. The driver has been hospitalized.Shahpur police said that the incident took place at 1 pm when an AMTS bus on circular route from Lal Darwaja to Lapkaman was returning to Lal Darwaja depot. Near RC Technical School, the bus rammed into a scooter. Two AEC employees, Dolat Thakor and Dipak Dantani, both residents of Shahpur, fell on the road and sustained injuries.\"The driver tried to control the bus and took a turn when the bus hit a bike coming from the opposite direction and injured Moin Saiyad, a resident of Dariapur. The bus then stopped on the spot and the driver tried to flee but the nearby residents caught him. Driver had to be taken to VS Hospital for treatment. Thakor has booked a police complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12943966", "title": "Stars to glam up cine staffers\u2019 event", "text": "MUMBAI: The Federation of Western India Cine Employees (FWICE) will celebrate the first leg of its golden jubilee anniversary at the Andheri Sports Complex on Tuesday.FWICE president Dharmesh Tiwari said, \"Several TV actors and singers will perform. Some of these artistes are Shaan, Mohit Chauhan, Rohit Roy, Rakhi Sawant , Sambhavana Seth, Mandira Bedi , Riya Sen, Akriti Kakar, Karishma Tanna, Jay Bhanushali, Shruti Seth, Ragini Khanna and Anand Raj Anand.\"The event will also kick start the film industry's centenary celebrations. Tiwari said, \"We will announce our plans to celebrate 100 years of Indian cinema. Senior actors like Nimmi, Shashikala, Asha Parekh , Jagdeep, Prem Chopra, Asha Parekh, Helen and Shobha Khote have agreed to be present.\"A senior technician said, \"The immense contributions of the unsung heroes, artistes and technicians, will be honoured.\"FWICE is planning to shoot a show with performances by top actors. Tiwari said, \"Actors like Aamir Khan and Shah Rukh Khan have agreed. Money raised will go the welfare fund.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12944399", "title": "International seminar on innovation in the media", "text": "KOLKATA: It was not just another Monday morning for the students and faculty members of Bengal Institute of Business Studies (BIBS). As part of an international student exchange programme, 20 media students from Hamburg Media School along with their professor came to take part in an interactive session on media industry in India. The focus of the seminar was innovation in media and the impact of media on society.Speaking at the event, head of the department Academics, Deepak Bhattacharyya said, \"The Indian media industry has to constantly come up with innovations in order to cater to the audience. The needs and preferences are constantly changing and contemporary media has to devise ways to increase revenue generation,\" Bhattacharyya said.Today the biggest challenge faced by the Indian print media is that of content leadership. According to the speakers, print media has to keep offering something different to its readers. Branding, marketing and delivery were important factors that came up in the discussion.Anindya Dutta, professor of marketing at BIBS, said, \"Media plays a powerful role today. It's still free and not controlled by the government,\" he said. On the other hand, Nils Granmemann, head of international office, Hamburg Media School, spoke on some interesting innovations being used by the German media.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12945871", "title": "Criminal tribes continue to strike in the region, show no fear of law", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The police authorities have instructed the juniors to work on a seven-point charter to check the activities of criminal tribes. Deputy inspector general of police N Raviendra had issued specific guidelines to his subordinates to initiate corrective measures. The recent looting of Rs 20 lakh in Meja, after injuring a middle-aged couple by Kachcha Baniyan gang, had prompted the police to take corrective measures to end the menace. However, the criminals continue to strike and give sleepless nights to the publicThe DIG has instructed the district police chief to ensure effective patrolling between midnight and 4 am in sensitive pockets in the city's inner circle and outskirts.Raviendra said: \"I have asked cops to maintain a strict vigil in areas located near railway station, bus stand and prime road links, where the population is less. Cops must keep an eye on persons who frequent these areas or those who are living on temporary basis.\" The cops have been asked to keep an eye on dhabas to check the movement of criminal tribes.He has asked the district police chief to appoint a gazetted police officer to compile inputs against the criminal tribes.In Allahabad region, three major incidents were registered with police between 2009 and 2010. Criminal tribes had committed a triple murder-cum-dacoity in Georgetown in 2009. Two incidents took place in Chandpur and Bindiki police circles of Fatehpur district in 2009 and 2010 respectively.The latest incident in Meja has proved to be an eye opener for police authorities, wherein the tribe members had targeted a middle-aged couple and looted cash and valuables worth Rs 20 lakh.The police claimed to have strengthened intelligence network. Teams have been assigned a special task to tighten the noose around criminal tribal gangs, known as 'Ghumantu' (nomads) like Bawaria and Kanjar, who usually strike ahead of monsoon.Following specific inputs that these tribe members might be taking shelter near the railway stations in rural areas, the police have started a checking drive in localities like Ghoorpur, Dhoomanganj, Naini, Rambagh, Handia, and Jhunsi etc.The police have started a series of checks at 22 identified spots, where immigrant labourers reside. The cops have even taken three posh colonies under the scanner that were targeted by the criminals in last two years. The list also includes houses that are under-construction.The triple murder-cum-dacoity in posh Darbhanga colony, where three members of a family were brutally done to death by criminal tribe members is still fresh in the minds of local residents. The police are still looking for five wanted Bawarias, who have executed a series of crimes in the city in last three years.Till few years back, these gangs used to strike in rural pockets or colonies located on the outskirts. But, in recent years, they have begun targeting the main city areas as well. These tribes are brutal and meticulous in executing crime. They gather information about the area before targeting it.Police teams have been asked to check vehicles on highways during night hours.One of the reasons why these gangs prefer the rainy season is that during rains, most of the people, specially those living on the outskirts/rural pockets, usually sleep outside their houses, though under a cover, owing to pleasant weather. This makes it easy for the gangs to target the victims. These tribes usually attack the victims with iron rods or tree branches. Further, these criminal tribes take shelter near railway tracks and the highways as it helps them to escape after executing a crime.At times, these tribal gang members, specially Bawarias, disguise as vendors and labourers to gather inputs about the targets. Some even put up makeshift shops in posh colonies, gather inputs and then strike at the targeted houses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12945849", "title": "Proper medication can help control asthma: Doctors", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The World Asthma Day will be observed on Tuesday (May 1). The theme this year is 'You Can Control Your Asthma'. On the eve of the Asthma Day, the Allahabad Chest Association (ACA) organized a conference where doctors stressed on the importance of inhalation therapy in asthma. But in India, it has been found that compliance to asthma medication regime is very poor and tends to falter after few months in both children and adults. The rate of non-adherence has been estimated to be around 50%.Speaking on the reason for non-adherence to asthma medications, ACA secretary Dr Ashish Tandon said, \"Adherence to prescribed treatment is the most important aspect of managing a chronic disease like asthma. Many patients once they feel better, stop treatment after few weeks. This can be dangerous since stopping treatment can aggravate the disease and precipitate an asthma attack. Very few asthmatics understand that asthma is an episodic condition which varies between symptomatic and asymptomatic periods. The asymptomatic period is a crucial time in asthma therapy as the patient may discontinue treatment assuming that he/she may not require any more medication.\"Regarding poor asthma control in India, Dr Tandon said, \"The paradox of asthma in India is that despite the availability and affordability of good treatment this totally controllable disease is depriving the asthmatics in the country of a normal life; many a time subjecting them to traumatic attacks, hospitalization and even resulting in deaths. The most effective asthma treatment is Inhalation Therapy which comprises of `Controllers' for regular use as prescribed and 'Relievers' for emergency treatment.\"But, most patients in India avoid using inhalers as they feel they might get addictive to them. They need to be educated about inhalers being the safest and most effective for managing their asthma, he added.Asthma has become the most common chronic disease in children and today 1 out of 10 children in India suffers from it. Sharing views on asthma control among children, ACA president Dr VP Agarwal said, \"Initiation of inhalation therapy in an asthmatic child at the earliest helps in controlling the disease, prevents attacks, preserves the function of his/her lungs and also improves the overall quality of life. However, currently many asthmatic children in the country are treated with oral medications due to lack of understanding and acceptance towards inhaled medicines.\" He added, \"In such cases, therefore, a doctor might have to take out additional time for the child and his/her parents, as it is of utmost importance that the parent learns from the doctor the correct inhaler techniques to deliver the medicine. If diagnosed and treated early, an asthmatic child can lead a completely normal childhood.Senior chest and TB specialists like Dr Tariq Mahmood, Dr Alok Chandra, Dr Ashutosh Gupta, Dr Gaurav Agarwal, Dr Mohd Farooq, Dr D N Kesarwani, Dr Abid Sayed, Dr S P Verma, DR SN Chaturvedi, Dr S S Banerjee, Dr SK Jain, Dr Ashok Khatri, Dr Major Vipul Kumar and Dr V N Tiwari shared their views on prevention of asthma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12945471", "title": "Protest against godman grows strident", "text": "CHENNAI: The protests against the anointment of controversial godman Nithyananda as head of the Madurai Adheenam, a Shaivaite mutt, gained momentum on Monday with Hindu outfits threatening to approach the court for a solution. Several Hindu outfits and other mutts across the state are planning a joint campaign. The 1,500-year-old adheenam has more than 1,000 acres of land and other properties under its control.Defending the appointment, the present pontiff of the mutt, Arunagirinatha Desikar, said on Sunday that \"a divine voice\" had prompted him to name Nithyananda, who was caught in a sleaze tape controversy two years ago, as his successor. The Hindu Makkal Katchi is planning to bring together like-minded groups and heads of other adheenams on May 10 in Madurai for a meeting. The Hindu leaders will also address a public meeting the same day.\"We are planning to move vacation bench of the Madras high court against the appointment, which is against all traditional procedures. Appointing a controversial person as head of the Madurai Adheenam is a disgrace to all other adheenams,\" said Arjun Sampath, general secretary of the Hindu Makkal Katchi, a breakaway group of the Hindu Munanni.There are around 18 adheenams across the state, many of which control Shiva temples. Though the state-run Hindu religious and charitable endowments (HR&CE;) department is the custodian of these temples, the heads of mutts are the traditional trustees and take care of the day-to-day administration and rituals.\"A big chunk of the income from these temples, including hundi collections, also goes to the adheenams,\" said Tamil research scholar T M Selvaganapathy. \"Their main activities include administration of temples under their control, managing schools and colleges run by the mutts and publishing religious books and periodicals.\"The Madurai mutt is the oldest among the adheenams. Contrary to popular belief, Shaivaite saint Thirugnana Sambandar (8th century) did not establish this adheenam, said temple research scholar Ooran Adigal. \"Sambandar was invited for a debate against Jainism and he won the debate. He stayed on at the mutt and it came to be called Sambandar Adheenam,\" he said.The major problem faced by many adheenams is finding appropriate successors. \"Earlier, there used to be many tambirans (junior pontiffs) in each adheenam. But now, not many are ready to become a pontiff, renouncing worldly pleasures. That is the reason why the present Madurai pontiff has chosen a controversial person to head the organization. But the proper procedure is to train juniors and hand over charge to them when the pontiff is not able to carry out his duties due to ill-health or other reasons,\" said Ooran Adigal.While the state government does not have full control over the mutts, they have to submit audited accounts to the HR&CE; commissioner every year. \"Under the HR&CE; Act, the state gets a share of the temple incomes and oversees administration. We cannot interfere in the appointment of heads of these adheenams as they are governed by their own rules and regulations,\" said a senior state official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12946034", "title": "Allow trust to start law college, high court tells government", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has asked the government to grant no-objection certificate to the Vanniyar Educational Trust (VET) to start a law college at Tindivanam, saying legal education to rural students should not be denied on flimsy grounds.A division bench of Justices D Murugesan and K K Sasidharan made the observations while dismissing an appeal filed by the state government against the order of a single judge, who had directed the government to allow VET to start a law college.The trust had applied for permission for its proposed Saraswathi Law College for the academic year 2008-09. It moved the court after the government rejected the plea. A single judge pointed out that the two deficiencies noticed by the government had been rectified and hence the rejection was unwarranted. He asked the government to issue no-objection certificate to the trust. The government challenged the order.\"A basic degree holder is entitled to pursue legal education. Knowledge in law would improve the standard of life of students . In that view, imparting legal education to rural students assumes more importance and the same cannot be denied on flimsy grounds,\" the judges said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12945723", "title": "Budgets have become merely wish-lists", "text": "BANGALORE: Are budgets mere wish-lists ? That's exactly how BBMP's budgets look like, as projects declared on paper hardly see the light of the day on the ground.When Greater Bangalore has not been able to generate not more than Rs 1,300 crore of property tax, the major revenue source of the BBMP, the inflated budget has a fancy outlay of Rs 8,498 crore (2010- '11) and Rs 9,316 crore (2011- '12).What makes BBMP budgets most inflated are the expectations of revenue mopping that is far removed from reality. Though the Akrama Sakrama scheme is gathering dust in the Raj Bhavan as it awaits the governor's clearance, the BBMP budget of 2011-12 also expected Rs 1,000 crore from it. The scheme was envisaged to regularize deviations in building constructions.Having no real goal is one of the limitations of BBMP budgets. There is not much of projects that were budgeted and completed within the stipulated period, thus leading to scores of spillover works.In 2010-11 , when the maiden BBMP council was formed, the budget was presented only on August 8, 2010, with a delay of 183 days. For 2011-12 , the budget was presented on August 18, with a delay of 193 days. This year, when all other metropolitan cities have tabled their budgets in February and March, Bangalore is yet to know its financial position for this year. The Municipal Corporation of Delhi presented it on February 8 and Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation filed it as early as January 18.Guess why the BBMP has been pathetically failing in financial management ? One reason is the lack of internal audit. Though as per the KMC Act, an internal audit is a must, it has been ignored since 1964. As a result, there is no check-andbalance system in accounts, no bank reconciliation statement in BBMP and lack of scrutiny leading to revenue loss. BBMP has only recorded its expenditures and not credit-debit statistics of its finances.Transparency missingIn 2010-11 , though the BBMP budget declared an outlay of Rs 8,498 crore, it was escalated to Rs 8,848 crore when it was sent to the state government approval. In 2011-12 , the budget presented was of Rs 9198 crore but when it was sent to the government approval, it had become Rs 9,316 crore. BBMP has not maintained transparency on how the budget outlay was escalated and what new projects necessitated this increase.55 % variance between estimated and revised!The difference between the budget estimate of 2010-11 and the revised payment vary by as high as 55%. The budget estimated income payments for 2010-11 to be Rs 8498 crore, but it is noticed that revised payments the BBMP could make was Rs 3857 crore. Even in terms of financial receipts , the same budget had a variance of 59%, as the revised revenue mopping was of Rs 3517 crore, as against the estimated Rs 8498 crore. However, in the absence of corporators , the budget estimated financial receipts Rs 2842 crore and the revised estimate was Rs 2,789 crore. The difference? A mere 3% and thus comparatively realistic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12944446", "title": "Left fields new faces for assembly bypolls", "text": "KOLKATA: The Left Front on Monday fielded relatively new faces for the forthcoming bypolls to be held in Daspur and Bankura to be held on June 12. It nominated Samar Mukherjee to contest in Daspur, while Nilanjan Dasgupta was chosen for Bankura.Trinamool Congress , however, had earlier announced that the wives of its MLAs Ajit Bhuniya and Kashinath Mishra will contest the bypolls. The decision was made after the leaders' death. , whose deaths prompted the by-poll as its candidates.Ajit's widow Mamata Bhuniya will fight from Daspur, Assembly seat while Kashinath's widow Minati Bhuniya will contest from Bankura Sadar respectively. CPM's candidate Samar Mukherjee, 48, incidentally, found a place in the CPM's West Midnapore district secretariat only this morning. A Daspur local, Mukherjee - a party wholetimer - had risen through the ranks, first with SFI, DYFI and then finally finding a place in the CPM's district committee. is a post graduate from Vidyasagar University.Nilanjan Dasgupta, 38, on the other hand is only in his thirties and is a practising lawyer in Bankura.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12944014", "title": "Gulab Chand Kataria Kataria\u2019s yatra put off for now", "text": "JAIPUR: In an attempt to pacify its warring leaders, the BJP's central leadership has temporarily postponed senior legislator Gulab Chand Kataria's 'Lok Jagaran Yatra' on Monday. The final decision over the yatra would now be taken during the state party's core committee meeting to be held on Saturday in Jaipur.On Monday, Kataria was informed that the yatra would be held through the platform of the party. During the state core committee's meeting at the New Delhi residence of party president Nitin Gadkari , Kataria was categorically told that he should have approached the senior leaders for a formal approval before he made the announcement or plan for the yatra. The senior leaders, according to sources, also did not pay much heed to Kataria's argument that he had undertaken similar tours of the tribal belt previously.However, the leaders with RSS background, extended support to Kataria. They strongly recommended a green-signal for the yatra, which they claimed would further strengthen the party's position in the belt. They rubbished claims made by the other camp that Kataria was trying to project himself as the party's face in Mewar region.Rajsamand MLA and party's general secretary Kiran Maheshwari had raised an objection to the yatra.As a compromise, the party's central leadership put on hold Kataria's plan to begin the 28-day long yatra covering 26 constituencies on Wednesday and said that the decision on the yatra would be taken during the Saturday meeting in Jaipur. \"The yatra, for now, has been postponed. A final decision will be taken on Saturday,'' said party state president Arun Chaturvedi. Former chief minister Vasundhara Raje and state party in-charge Kaptan Singh Solanki were among those who attended the meeting.A senior leader said that the yatra has not been cancelled, only postponed. \"The dates would be decided in the Saturday meeting and the yatra would now be more grand, involving senior leadership of the state,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12943160", "title": "Man dies in police custody, kin protest", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 32-year-old -man taken into custody for drunken driving by Tirupur south police was found dead near the police station on Sunday night. The relatives of the deceased claimed that he had died of police brutality and staged a road roko demanding action against the guilty police personnel.Police said, Subramanian, 32, of Uthiyur, was working as a tailor in a textile company in Tirupur. On Sunday, Subramanian had gone to Muthannampalayam on personal work riding his motorcycle, when he was booked for drunken driving on the Palladam road.According to his relatives Subramanian was taken to Tirupur south police station as he did not have money to pay the penalty. He telephoned his wife Chitra, asking her to come with the fine amount. When Chitra arrived at the station they found Subramanian lying unconscious. The policemen reportedly told them that he was unwell. They immediately called an auto rickshaw and rushed him to Tirupur government hospital where doctors declared him dead.Tension prevailed outside the hospital after his friends and relatives gathered in front of the hospital and staged a road roko outside the hospital claiming that the police had beaten Subramanian to death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12945067", "title": "Now, government wants tainted IAS officer's wife Tinoo sacked", "text": "BHOPAL: Two days after recommending the sacking of a billionaire bureaucrat, Arvind Joshi, the Madhya Pradesh government on Monday shot off a second letter to the Centre seeking the dismissal of his wife, Tinoo Joshi, former principal secretary, women and child welfare.Income tax raids on the IAS couple's residence in February last year unearthed Rs 3 crore in cash, Rs 7 lakh in foreign currency and assets worth Rs 360 crore. Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan said the couple had amassed wealth disproportionate to their income.Action has been taken after they failed to explain their source of earning, he said.In January 2011, the income tax department submitted a 7,000-page appraisal report to chief secretary Avani Vaish citing investments details made by the couple in shares, insurance, agriculture and real estate projects. The couple also owned properties in Bhopal , Raisen, Balaghat, Sehore and prime land near Kanha and Bandhavgarh national parks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "shimoga", "code": "12944848", "title": "Music therapy soon in govt hospitals", "text": "SHIMOGA: The state government in association with the National institute of Mental Health Sciences, Bangalore, has decided to revive music therapy in healing in select government hospitals.Health education minister SA Ramadas announced this at a function organized by Vikas Trust's Keshav free medical assistance centre at Hosamane in Shimoga on Monday.The programme will be introduced in government hospitals in Shimoga, Hubli, Bangalore and Mysore. The decision was taken after a one-year research on the impact of this therapy on mental patients.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12944660", "title": "10,832 nominations for 1,500 wards from North Goa", "text": "PANAJI: A total of 10,832 nominations, including 6,682 from North Goa and 4,150 from South Goa, have been received from candidates in 1,500 wards of 185 panchayats for the elections scheduled on May 16.While 2,839 nominations were received on the last day, including 1,824 from male candidates and 1,015 from female candidates, a total of 1,601 were received in North Goa and 1,238 in South Goa.In North Goa, a total of 4,250 male candidates and 2,432 female candidates filed their nominations. In South Goa, a total of 2,573 male and 1,577 female candidates filed their nominations.Among the seats reserved for ST and OBC candidates, a total of 241 ST candidates and 1,009 OBC candidates filed their nominations in North Goa and 337 ST and 273 OBC candidates filed their nominations in South Goa. In all, 578 ST and 1,282 OBC candidates filed their nominations in both districts. A total of 1,861 female candidates in North Goa and 1,168 in South Goa (total 3,029) filed in wards reserved for women candidates.The North Goa district comprises panchayats from Pernem, Bardez, Bicholim, Sattari, Tiswadi and Ponda, while those from Dharbandora, Salcete, Mormugao, Quepem, Sanguem and Canacona are part of South Goa district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12950140", "title": "No blood money paid to fishermen kin: Italian govt to SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Italian government on Tuesday clarified to the Supreme Court of India that it has paid no blood money to the victims.It said the money given to kin of victims was humanitarian aid to help them rebuild their lives after the death of the two fishermen.It added the kin were free to pursue both civil and criminal remedies in the shooting incident.The apex court on Monday had termed Italy's compromise with the kin of two Indian fishermen shot dead by its naval guards, as \"illegal\" and \"astonishing\" and had said that they were \"playing\" with the Indian process of law and felt Kerala should have filed an objection.The bench said the mouths of the families of the two victims - Jalastine and Binki - have been \"locked\" by the Italian government by paying each an amount of Rs 1 crore, defeating the Indian legal system.The apex court had also sought the Italian government's stand on the question of releasing the impounded ship with certain conditions after the owner of the vessel claimed that their detention had cost the company Rs 200 crore.Subramanium had, however, told the court that Kerala was not a party to the compromise and had reserved the right to challenge it before higher forum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12945542", "title": "TRAI sets down tariff for digital cable TV", "text": "NEW DELHI: Broadcast regulator Trai on Monday announced the new tariff structure for digital cable systems that will kick in the four metros of Delhi, Chennai, Mumbai and Kolkata from July 1.Under the new order, a viewer can opt for a maximum of 100 free-to-air channels for a minimum of Rs 100 that will mandatorily include five channels of each genre, including news, sports, infotainment, music, lifestyle, movies and general entertainment. This will include 18 Doordarshan channels which must be carried.All channels will have to be made available individually or on an a la carte basis that will ensure viewers will have the choice to take only the channels they want. The existing practice was to club channels in a bouquet that would include one or two general entertainment channels that have a high viewership clubbed with sports, news and English general entertainment channels and niche channels that the viewer may not be keen on.For pay channels, multisystem operators can fix a minimum monthly subscription that should not exceed Rs 150 per channel. Trai has mandated that the rate of a single channel should not exceed three times the average channel rate of the bouquet. So, if on an average, a channel has been priced at Rs 3 by the cable operator, he cannot charge more than Rs 9 per channel in that bouquet.The authority has also mandated that MSOs will have to carry at least 200 channels, offering viewers a wider variety than is presently available, and has set a deadline of 2013 for all MSOs to expand to 500 channels.Industry experts have said that critical measures such as making the \"must carry\" of all private TV channels mandatory and disallowing carriage fees under digitization would revive the sick TV broadcast industry. Keeping this in view, Trai has ordered that from January 1, 2013, all cable operators must carry Hindi, English and channels in regional language of the area concerned.Regarding carriage fees, Trai said it will have to be charged in a non-discriminatory and transparent fashion. All channels will be charged uniformly and the multi-system operators will have to file the fees with Trai. There is also a provision mandating that the regulator will intervene if carriage fees is found to be unreasonable.The number of TV households in India is estimated to be around 147 million. The cable industry has grown from 0.4 million cable homes in January 1992 to an estimated 94 million cable TV homes in 2011 with more than 800 registered channels. Of these, around 160 are pay channels. There are a large number of channels which are transmitted as FTA (free-to-air) channels.The roll out for digitization has been slow but industry experts say this is likely to pick up pace now. In the four metros that will be digitized in the first phase, about 50,000 set-top boxes are being seeded every week with Mumbai showing the maximum progress. There are about 10-12 million TV homes in the four metros of which 2 million or 25% have been digitized so far.The provision relating to amount charged by broadcaster to MSO remains unchanged. They can charge a maximum of 42% of the rate they charge in non addressable systems.The tariff order also says that revenue sharing between MSO and local cable operator will be based on mutual negotiation.VIEWER-FRIENDLY RULESUnderthenewTRAIorder,aviewer canoptforamaximumof100 free-to-airchannelsforaminimumof 100thatwillmandatorilyincludefive channelsofeachgenre,includingnews, sports,infotainment,music,lifestyle, movies&amp; generalentertainment.All channels will have to be made available individually or on a la carte basis that will ensure viewers will have the choice to take only the channels they want.For pay channels, multisystem operators (MSOs) can fix a minimum monthly subscription that should not exceed 150 per channel.TRAI has mandated that MSOs will have to carry at least 200 channels, offering viewers a wider variety than is currently available, and has set a deadline of 2013 for all MSOs to expand to 500 channels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12946114", "title": "Shell out more for milk, buttermilk from today", "text": "VADODARA: As if the rising prices of vegetables and other essentials were not enough, Barodians will have to cough up more for their daily milk from Tuesday. And, it is not just the morning cuppa of tea that will turn costly. Baroda Dairy has decided to increase prices of milk, buttermilk, curd and even flavoured milk, effective Tuesday.The members of Baroda District Co-operative Milk Producers Union Limited, popularly known as Baroda Dairy, took the decision during the co-operative union's board meeting on Monday.The decision regarding milk price hike was pending at the dairy after Gujarat Co-operative Milk Marketing Federation (GCMMF) - the apex marketing body of all the district dairy unions of Gujarat - decided to hike milk prices of Amul milk across all major markets of Gujarat earlier this month.The dairy union has increased price of 200 gm Sugam brand Masti dahi (curd) pouch from Rs 10 to Rs 12. At the same time, 200 ml pouch of flavoured milk will cost Rs 12 instead of Rs 10 and the flavoured milk bottle of 200 ml will cost Rs 18 instead of present Rs 15.During the board meeting, the board members also decided to increase procurement price paid to the milk producers by Rs 15 per kilo fat. From now onwards, milk producers, who are members of the Baroda Dairy, will be paid Rs 440 per kilo fat instead of Rs 425 per kilo fat.As per GCMMF's directive, prices of Amul Gold, Amul Shakti and Amul Cow milk have been increased by Rupees 2 per litre, whereas price of Amul Slim &amp; Trim milk has increased by Re 1 per litre.Now, while Amul Gold will cost Rs 38 per litre, Amul Shakti will cost Rs 35 per litre, Amul Cow milk will cost Rs 32 per litre, whereas Amul Slim &amp; Trim will cost Rs 27 per litre to consumers. Price of Amul Cow milk (200 ml) pouch have been increased from Rs 6.5 to Rs 7.Similarly, the Goras brand buttermilk pouch of 500 ml will cost consumers Rs 8.50 instead of Rs 7.50, whereas the 200 ml pouch of buttermilk will come at Rs 5 instead of Rs 4.It is pertinent to mention here that although it is for the first time this year that milk prices have been hiked, since 2006, it is the 15th price hike introduced by GCMMF in Gujarat. Affectively, after the latest price hike, consumers will start paying double of what they used to pay for their daily milk in 2006. Last year, milk prices had soared twice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12945219", "title": "Population graph slides in city", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The growth rate of population in Chandigarh has declined from 40% to 17 % in 10 years between 2001 to 2011 as compared to decade before it. The city's population in 2011 stood at 10.54 lakh, which is much less than projections made earlier. On the basis of holding capacity of the city, population for 2031 is projected at 16 lakh. This has been pointed out in a note prepared by UT architecture department and all future plans for the city are being conceptualized with this figure in mind.A SWOT (strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats) analysis of the city has been done as part of the project to finalize the master plan, which will look at the growth in city over the next 20 years.The city was planned for only five lakh people by Le Corbusier but the present scenario has become a cause of concern for UT. \"Nearly 2 lakh people live in slums. Traffic congestion has become a major issue as there are about 7.5 lakh vehicles registered,\" pointed out UT officials at the 22nd coordination committee meeting.A presentation on the issue was given at a recent meeting of heads of UT departments. The final drawings of Perspective Plan 2031 prepared in this regard have also been approved, which also specifies land use. UT has also conducted a detailed study of the available infrastructure and future requirements in keeping with the urban development plan formulation and implementation (UDPFI) guidelines of the ministry of urban development, said a UT official.Chandigarh's population has registered an increase from the figure of 9.01 lakh in the 2001 census. As per latest figures, the total population of Chandigarh is 1,054,686 of who 580,282 and 474,404 make up for male and female population respectively. In 2001, the total population was 9,00,635, with 506,938 males and 393,697, females.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12945891", "title": "City-based Gandhians want Gopal Gandhi as President", "text": "ALLAHABAD: City-based Gandhians have demanded that all political parties should back the candidature of Mahatma Gandhi's grandson and former diplomat Gopal Krishna Gandhi for the President of India. The name of Gopal Krishna Gandhi, who has also served as West Bengal governor, is doing rounds for President's post.Convenor, Akhil Bhartiya Gandhi Vichar Andolan Manch, Ashok Kumar Gupta said, \"Perhaps Gandhiji is the only person in the history of the country who despite remaining at the helm of affairs in guiding the course of nation's destiny never vouched for any post. The same holds true for his family members also in the backdrop of the fact that none of them ever clamoured for power by virtue of their lineage\".He added that the Manch has been making efforts to ensure that Gandhiji is given due respect and weightage for his selfless contribution towards the country which would be remembered by generations to come. This was the reason why we took up the issue related to auction of his personal items by a leading auction house of Great Britain.Gupta said Gopal Krishna Gandhi should be made the President since he enjoys a clean and non-controversial image. In this connection, the Manch has also faxed letters to Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalitha, DMK chief K Karunanidhi, SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav, West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerji, NCP chief Sharad Pawar and Congress president Sonia Gandhi .Another Gandhian and president, UP Advocates Asssociation, Ramesh Chandra Srivasatva said: \"Gopal Krishna Gandhi is a non-controversial person and there would be no divergent views among political parties on his candidature.\"Holding similar views a retired teacher and Gandhian, Prof Shyam Bihari Jaiswal said, \"Gandhian principles hold relevance in the present context can be gauged from the fact that countries like US and UK have set up special chairs in the name of Gandhiji. If his grandson occupies the highest office of the country then it would add another feather to the cap of illustrious history of India\".The Manch has also faxed letters to Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalitha, DMK chief K Karunanidhi, SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav, West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerji, NCP chief Sharad Pawar and Congress president Sonia Gandhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12943060", "title": "Aadhaar cards issued in haste to meet targets?", "text": "HYDERABAD: Did Aadhaar enrollment centre staff carry out registrations in haste to achieve 100% target in the city? Preliminary investigation by probe agencies seems to suggest so.Probing into the 30,000 Aadhaar card enrollments done in a span of just six months by Mohammed Ali , a data entry supervisor of Infrastructure Leasing and Financial Services (IL&FS;) Limited from the Old City, the Charminar police found that names of citizens were not in full.Police have randomly selected 60 addressees from the 870 enrollments done in Biometric Exception category by the data supervisor and visited all the locations.\"All the addresses were vague and none of the applicants stayed at the given residential address,\" a Charminar police officer said.Police also discovered that full names were not registered in majority of cases.\"Most of the names are like Ali, Subhan, Rasheed, Raju and there were no surnames or middle names,\" a civil supplies department source said. After looking at these details, the probe agencies now suspect that just to achieve the target by March 2012, the operators might have done the fake registrations.To support the argument, an investigating official pointed out the issue of thousands of Aadhaar cards being returned to the government as addressees were staying at the mentioned address.\"We are yet to ascertain how many cards registered using Mohammed Ali's login have been dispatched. There is a possibility of some getting into wrong hands, but the rate of rapid registration also indicates pressure to achieve enrollment target,\" a source said.So far, 5.35 crore Aadhaar card enrollments, including 47 lakh in the capital, have been done in the state during the first phase. The Adhaar card phase II was supposed to be launched in April, but the process has not yet started.Police are yet to get details of people who have done the fake registrations using Mohammed Ali's login details and they are in contact with IL&FS; senior staff and UIDAI to get the information.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12945180", "title": "CM picks a \u2018clean\u2019 babu as Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation chief", "text": "MUMBAI: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Monday appointed state planning secretary Sitaram Kunte as the new BMC commissioner. A clean image and the Marathi manoos factor worked in Kunte's favour over high-profile aspirants.Kunte (51) succeeds veteran bureaucrat Subodh Kumar, whose three-month extension expired on Monday. \"It's a fact that some high-profile babus were in the race for the coveted civic chief's post, but Kunte emerged as the personal choice of the chief minister. Chavan expects that Kunte will ensure transparency in the administration and continue with the policies drafted during Kumar's tenure,'' a senior bureaucrat told TOI. Kunte is the youngest commissioner in the municipal corporation's history.Soon after Chavan assumed office in 2010, he had asked Kumar to revise the Development Control rules and curb the efforts of a section of builders. \"Chavan expects Kunte too to adhere to his guidelines, so that the powerful builder lobby does not take the aam admi for a ride,\" he said.A month ago, when Chavan launched a search for the BMC commissioner, four names were considered-additional chief secretary T C Benjaman, the CM's principal secretary A K Jain, principal secretary (housing) Gautam Chaterjee and MMRDA commissioner Rahul Asthana. While Kunte belongs to the 1985 batch, Benjamin, belongs to the 1979 batch, Jain and Chaterjee belong to the 1982 batch. On Sunday night, when Chavan began deliberations with chief secretary Ratnakar Gaikwad and a section of officials in his own secretariat, the CM expressed the view that he was looking for a bureaucrat who has worked in the BMC for quite some time so that if appointed, he could get on with the job from the first day itself. \"Ultimately, Chavan himself shortlisted Kunte's name,\" the bureaucrat said.A former secretary to then governor S M Krishna, Kunte has worked in the BMC as joint commissioner in 2000-01 and additional commissioner between 2001 and 2005. In addition, Kunte was also vice-chairman and managing director, Maharashtra Housing and Development Authority (Mhada).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12945202", "title": "Mysterious death of Varanasi woman baffles police", "text": "VARANASI: Mystery shrouds the death of Kajal Chaurasia in her rented house in Baulia locality, under Chetganj police area, on Monday.According to reports, Kajal and her husband Ritesh Chaurasia, earlier lived in his parental house at Saket Nagar. But since the past few months, the atmosphere became tense due to personal disputes. Due to it, the couple started living in a rented roon in Baulia.On receiving information of incident, the parents of Kajal reached the site. They alleged that Kajal was poisoned. The body was sent for post-mortem examination.Cattle rescuedAlertness of the natives of Hathiyar village, located under jurisdiction of Cholapur police, resulted in recovery of 16 cattle, including a cow, being carried on two vans.According to reports, the villagers noticed that some cattle smugglers were carrying 15 bulls and a cow to slaughter houses. They chased the vehicles. Sensing danger, the smugglers left the vehicles and fled.One nabbedBid to entice two minor girls proved costly for Mohammad Afroz as the local traders caught and handed him over to police in Chowk area on Monday.One Mohammad Shamim of Hadaha, runs his shop in Dalmandi market. His daughters Tamanna (10) and Shabbo (12) left home to give the lunch pack to their father at his shop. Afroz tried to mislead the two girls. When the girls raised an alarm, local traders caught Afroz.BA student, farmer die in accidentsTwo persons, including a college girl, died in accidents in Varanasi and Azamgarh districts on Monday.According to reports, Afrin (19), a BA-II student and a native of Ramnagar, was heading towards her college with her father Anis on his motorcycle. When they were passing through the highway, Anis lost control on motorcycle and Afrin fell on the road. She came under the wheels of a speeding jeep and died on the spot.In another accident near Masirpur primary school in Devgao in Azamgarh, Dukkhi (65) died while Shobhal (55) sustained injuries, when a speeding vehicle hit their tractor. Dukkhi and Shobhal were proceeding on their tractor. A vehicle hit the tractor.Dukkhi fell on the road and died while Shobhal sustained serious injuries. The locals caught the vehicle and its driver. The villagers blocked the road in protest against the incident. Situation normalized following the intervention of police. The doctors referred Shobhal to Varanasi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "3.16am (call to 100)", "code": "12944083", "title": "Helpline sits on SOS, Kolkata has 100 reasons to worry", "text": "3.16am (call to 100): There are dacoits in our neighbour's house. We can see them. They have guns. Taratari ashunPolice: Ashchhi.3.27am (call to 100): We have been robbed. The dacoits have just walked out. Please help us.Police: Dekhchhi. Ashchhi.3.39am (call to 100): We had called you a while ago. We have been robbed.Police: Shall we send you a van?If you are in the posh Salt Lake township, this is the response you might get from the police helpline even if your life is in danger. This is exactly what happened with a family in the dark hours of Monday when an armed gang - including a woman - broke into their house by cutting through three locked gates and held three children at gunpoint. A call had gone out to the police when the robbery was still on. The nearest police station is 3km away, barely a five-minute drive at night. But the family says the police arrived nearly 45 minutes later. And that's after the officer on duty asked them if they \"wanted\" a police van sent over.North 24-Parganas SP Rajeev Kumar acknowledged the first call to police came at 3.16am but said they reached the AD Block house in 10 minutes. Surinder Singh Dabla, who is still traumatized by the memory of his children trembling in the gangsters' grip, said the police arrived around 4am, more than half an hour after the gang left. Locals said the robbers - who brandished guns to scare them - 'strolled out' without a care.This is the biggest crime in Salt Lake since the Bidhannagar police commissionarate was set up on January 20. Dabla, an Allahabad Bank manager, had moved into the rented house a year ago. Around 3am, he woke up to the sound of the bedroom door being broken.The gang had broken the lock of the collapsible gate outside and cut through an inner door but the family heard nothing.\"A cracking noise woke me up. As soon as I opened the door, I saw a band of masked robbers. They put a gun to my head and gagged me. When I tried to resist, they beat me up with iron rods and put a chopper to my neck,\" said Dabla, who has bandages on his right arm. His wife Sudha was beaten up when she shouted for help. The commotion woke up the children, the youngest of whom is a two-year-old and the oldest 10.\"The robbers were speaking in Hindi. They again beat me with an iron rod. Then they grabbed our children and threatened them. I pleaded with them to take whatever they wanted and spare the kids,\" Dabla said. The robbers were in the house for over 20 minutes. Two of them, including a woman in salwar-kameez, stood watch outside. The robbers were between 25 years and 30 years.The children are still traumatized. The younger daughter, Shaiesta, said: \"They were carrying weapons and beat up my father.\" The robbers asked her where her parents kept the money. When she refused, they threatened to kill her father right there and then.The robbers left at 3.25am, with Rs 30,000 in cash, about 18 gram of gold ornaments, two mobile phones and a wristwatch. It was Shaiesta and her elder sister Akshita, who helped untie their parents. Dabla immediately dialled 100. Unknown to him, his next-door neighbours, Vivek and Snigdha Dey, had called police 10 minutes earlier.\"I woke up around 3am when I heard a noise like a bird chirping. It was too early for birds. Then I heard strange noises coming from outside. I looked out of the window and saw some masked men in the Dablas' house. After a while, the miscreants walked out. When they saw us, they raised their guns at us. We were trembling with fear. My son called police,\" said Snigdha.The first time Dabla called 100, the police said they would \"look into it immediately\". \"On getting no response, I called up again after 10 minutes. Then the police asked me whether we want a police van to be sent. I said do whatever you please but please come quickly as a robbery has been committed in my house. It was only about 4am that two police inspectors and a sub-inspector arrived,\" Dabla said.Bidhanagar police commissioner Rajiv Kumar however said that police reached the spot \"within 10 to 12 minutes of receiving the call\". \"We got the call at 3.16am and the policemen reached by 3.27am. We are working on some leads to nab the miscreants,\" he said. Officers from the Bidhannagar north police station inspected the crime scene twice and talked to the victims.Bidhannagar MLA Sujit Bose and local councillor Anindya Chatterjee also visited the house and spoke with Dabla. \"I have had a word with the police commissioner. He is looking into the matter,\" Bose said. Locals suspect that the gang had prior information about the layout of the house. The neighbourhood is in a state of shock. Last September, too, two suspicious men were spotted on top of the garage and fled when they were detected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12943819", "title": "MBA held for burgling sister\u2019s house", "text": "NEW DELHI: He nurtured dreams of setting up a BPO but didn't have the money. To give shape to his business plan, he stole cash and jewellery worth lakhs from his sister's house in Adarsh Nagar. However, the law caught up with him and the 22-year-old MBA student was arrested.The incident occurred when the owner of the house, Manoj Kumar, an accountant, and his wife were away. Kumar told police that he had kept Rs nine lakh - given to him by his employer for payments - in the house on April 27. \"The next morning he got a call from his wife who told him that the money and gold and silver jewellery was missing from the safe,\" said Meenu Choudhury, deputy commissioner of police (northwest).The accused, Madhusudhan, has been living with his sister and her husband for the past one year. \"He told us that he had gone to Gurgaon on April 27 but examination of his call records revealed that he was in Adarsh Nagar area at that time. During questioning, he confessed to the crime,\" Choudhury said. The cash and jewellery were recovered from Vasundhara in Ghaziabad.\"Madhusudan wanted to start his own business in Varanasi for which he needed around Rs 3-4 lakh. He thought it would be easy to burgle his own sister's house,\" Choudhury said.Madhusudhan completed BCA from Varanasi University and is pursuing MBA from Punjab Technical University.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12944217", "title": "Lust for life and music", "text": "KOLKATA: He is perhaps a rare example of an artist who has celebrated his centenary with his fans and is still going strong. Several citations on the four walls of the room say that he had been honoured by top music schools and organisations of the city, for completing his 100th year in 2008. At 105, Ustad Abdul Rashid Khan finds no difficulty attending music conferences across the country and singing for two hours or more at a stretch. This oldest performing musician of the country is a guru at ITC's Sangeet Research Academy in Tollygunge and is revered as Baba not only by his students but by everyone else too, reminding one of the legendary Baba Allaudin of Maihar, guru of Pandit Ravi Shankar.As we approached the ustad's residence, strains of Darbari Kanara wafted in the air, accompanied by the sonorous strumming of the tanpura. There was no mistaking the deep and melodious voice that rendered the 'Saiyyan Bedardi Na Jaane...' None but a guru could sing with such confidence and poise, releasing and playing around with the seven notes with the ease of a wizard. The voice certainly did not match the mental picture anyone would have of a 105-year-old man. It was young and full of vitality. But the owner of the powerful voice that missed no note and flattened no taan is now a man feeble and bent with age.The ustad is just back in the city, which he has made his home since the early '90s, after having performed in a music conference in Allahabad. The ustad was born in a village called Salon at Rae Bareilly in a family that traces its origin to none less than Tansen, the legendary singer in Akbar's court. \"Singing was as natural to us as breathing. Before I knew it, I was getting talim from my father's elder brother, Ustad Yusuf Khan of the Gwalior Gharana. For the first 30 years of my talim, I would do riyaz for even as long as 15 hours on days when I had no school. Those days gurus were strict, there was no scope for relaxation,\" the Ustad said.Today, apart from singing and teaching his students for five to six hours daily, the ustad gives in to his other passion - writing. He writes bandish in Brijbhasha and most of these have become extremely popular in the field of Hindusthani Raag Sangeet. While he himself has immortalised some of them, there are many that have been adopted by other singers too. Dagar Chalat Chhere, Shyam Sakhiri, Main Dungi Gaari, Nipat Anadi... is perhaps a popular Malkosh bandish which is sung by almost every singer today.\"It is like a hobby. As I hum a taan in my mind, words come to me and I pen them. There are thousands of these, which are now being published gradually by my shagirds, singer Hemraj Chandil being one of them,\" says the winner of some of the most coveted awards in classical music, like Bhuwalka Award, Sangeet Natak Award and Kashi Swar Ganga SammanAt the moment at least 30 students take talim from the ustad daily. Some of them have been with him for the past 20 years and travel with him to attend music conferences. \"Even at this age, the slightest deviation from a note gets captured in Baba's ears. Even after learning for 17 years, I realize that he is an abyss that we will never be able to fathom,\" says Shubhomoy Bhattacharya, one of his foremost disciples today.In the midst of the conversation, Baba's one-and-a-half-year-old great-grandson walks in and plants himself on his lap. \"Will you believe that he already sings all the seven notes to the tanpura? At this age, I perhaps live for my music, and also perhaps because I want to bequeath all that I have learnt to this child....\" Baba's voice trails off, but his eyes bright with expectation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12945121", "title": "Girl students have athletic plans for vacations this year", "text": "VARANASI: With the summer vacations here, the campus of various girls colleges in the city are abuzz with activity. Interestingly, it is not only the regular hobby classes like painting, cooking, singing and dancing that are keeping the girl students of the city busy this summer season. But, there seems to have been an increased interest in sports activities being held at various government and government-aided schools of the city.\"The major sports tournaments are scheduled from the next academic session beginning from July, so the time after the term-end examination and holidays is the best to utilise for sports practice,\" shared Shweta Jaiswal, a student of Vasant Kanya Inter College.According to Kamini, sports teacher at Vasant Kanya Inter College, around 35-40 students of the school practice kho-kho and volleyball regularly.\"The school is planning to organise various outdoor activities for athletes of the school, along with daily practice before May 20. Special coaches will also be called from outside during July for better practice,\" she said.The students of Vasant Kanya Inter College had participated at senior state level Kho Kho tournament in 2011 and bagged second position in volleyball competition in the district last year.According to Dr Sudha Rani Tiwari, sports teacher at Guru Nanak Khalsa Inter College, around 100 girls have already started practicing daily. It is noteworthy that the school has been a district level champion of Kho Kho approximately 20 times and has active participation in sports activities like Netball, Hockey, Taekwondo, Kabaddi, Athletics, Badminton and Table Tennis. The college even sends students to participate in district, state and national level competitions and thus bring laurels to the city.\"Sangeeta Yadav, a student of our school was selected for Commonwealth Games in 2010. Our students practice daily along with other students of several schools. The school ground is used for Netball and Taekwondo practices, while the practice for Kho Kho is done at Sampurnanand Sports Stadium at Sigra,\" Tiwari said.According to Jaya Singh, sports teacher at Arya Mahila Inter College, due to examination time, the sports are practised before the school hours by nearly 50 girls who are regular in sports activities. Badminton and Taekwondo are the sports where girls have reached at national level, while participation in Basketball and Kho Kho is at state level only.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12944150", "title": "Illegal mining: Two top officials in CBI net", "text": "BANGALORE: The CBI has arrested a deputy conservator of forests and a former official of the mines and geology department for allegedly allowing two companies to mine in forest areas of Bellary district.The two are K Raju, a retired deputy director of mines and geology, and S Muthaiah, a deputy conservator of forests who had earlier worked in Bellary. They are alleged to have helped G Janardhana Reddy's Associated Mining Company (AMC) and Deccan Mining Syndicate to mine in restricted areas of Bellary forests, the CBI said.\"We had summoned them for questioning, but as we found their connivance in illegal mining in Bellary, we arrested them,\" a CBI source told TOI.The CBI has found both companies had permission to mine in Andhra Pradesh but turned to forest areas around Bellary as the iron ore there was of good quality. \"Later, they claimed the iron ore extracted from the Bellary forest areas was from AP. Both officials were found supporting the illegal activities of AMC and the other company, owned by SN Jain,\" CBI officers said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12944708", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation general body faces water shortage heat", "text": "NAGPUR: The water scarcity is on the rise in many parts of the city and civic body's general body meeting felt the heat. A marathon discussion was held on issues related to water supply in Monday's meeting.Citizens from Garib Nawaz ward in North Nagpur walked up to Town Hall in Mahal with earthen pots on their heads. Shiv Sena group leader Suresh Talwekar and other corporators and leaders of Shiv Sena, an alliance partner of ruling BJP, led the agitators and staged demonstration. The agitators smashed the pots on road to condemn NMC's failure to ensure regular water supply in North Nagpur.Talwekar told TOI that around 20,000 citizens were suffering due to lack of regular water supply. \"Ward is having water network but no water. The commencement of Kanhan water treatment plant and handing over the entire water works to private operator Orange City Water Limited have failed to work. The few homes where supply is there were getting contaminated water. No official is paying heed to the complaints,\" he said.NMC had assured equal distribution of water in the city from January. Mayor Anil Sole and chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari had assured to solve the water scarcity problems. Still, the situation is worse in many parts especially East, South and North Nagpur. Many corporators from almost all parties talked about the grim situation in their wards. The discussion went on for over four hours.Citizens from Nari Ward led by corporator Savita Sangole and former corporator Manoj Sangole also held demonstrations demanding allocation of tenements constructed by NIT in Dixit Nagar. BSP corporators too staged demonstration demanding action in Ambedkar statue removal case of Vakilpeth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12944760", "title": "HRD ministry, CAG spar over calculation error in use of funds", "text": "NEW DELHI: An erroneous figure of Rs 1.91 lakh crore that has appeared in the Union accounts regarding the outstanding utilization certificates for grants-in-aid released by the HRD ministry for higher education has become a sticking point between the ministry and the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG).\"The figure for not giving utilization certificates exceeds the total budget for higher education that amounts to Rs 14,000 crore. There has been a mistake,'' said a senior HRD ministry official.While the ministry accused the auditor of being casual in its accounting on a serious topic, CAG officials say though the figure was a mistake, it was never contested by the ministry even when pointed out to them in repeated communications.\"We had sent an audit memo No 13 on September 15, 2011, seeking clarification on utilization certificates outstanding involving an amount of Rs 191,708 crore in respect of grants released by the department up to 2009-10,\" said a senior CAG official.However, the assistant controller of accounts in the ministry to whom CAG communication was marked never contested the figure, and the ministry responded by giving para-wise response to its memo, skipping the contentious figure.The ministry has argued that the CAG should have been more careful in its calculations. When asked that the CAG's figure had not been disputed during the audit process, a ministry official said that there may have been some ambiguity because the papers submitted to the top auditor did not give the amount in lakh or in crore.Earlier, the ministry had provided details of grants to CAG for three years from 2007-08 to 2009-10 that amounted to to Rs 191,708.52. \"There was no mention whether the figure was in crore. This certainly was not Rs 1,917 crore as claimed by the ministry,\" said a CAG official.The ministry had said that it was regularly monitoring the receipt of UCs from the grantee institutions. It explained that a database had been created and necessary steps were being taken to ensure that no fresh grants were released to the institutions against whom UCs for past grants was still pending.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12950277", "title": "White Stripes: Ruling the sports roost!", "text": "A seven nation army couldn't hold Jack White's taut rock riff back from sports-world domination. Sara Pires shares moreHow many of us would know the song 'Seven Nation Army' by the White Stripes ? It may not sound very familiar by name, but back of every mind the song rings while witnessing any international soccer game. Released as a single in 2003, the song is known for its underlying riff, which plays throughout most of the song, which has replaced the sports anthems throughout the world. Says Agnelo Camelo, \"it is a really nice track. I think it pledges the support and craze that football fans have for their country and favourite club. The support they give to their players, motivates the team to perform well.\"First a rallying cry for soccer teams the world over, the song has become popular in sports stadiums, nine years after its release. Why did it take so long for sports fans to embrace this blues-rock ditty and place it in the stadium-anthem pantheon with 'Crazy Train,' 'Enter Sandman,' 'KernKraft 400,' 'The Final Countdown,' 'Sandstorm,' 'Rock And Roll Part 2,' 'We Will Rock You,' 'We Are The Champions,' and many, many others? Well, as with most trends, it started in Europe. \"I believe no song goes out of trend, you may listen to a really old song right now and next to a most modern track, finding a connection to both. It is just that some tracks are re-discovered by a new generation altogether,\" quips Joel Pires.Sure, the song received plenty of critical acclaim when it came out, but it was European soccer fans who adopted it as an anthem. It started as a spontaneous chant along with the beat before a 2003 match in Milan as fans belted out the tune before playing, and it spread as teams came to play. Eventually, it became an unofficial anthem for an Italian national team, and sometime in 2006, it made its way to soccer games, and the song's popularity continued to spread.For a song that only made it to No. 76 on the Billboard Hot 100, Jack Whites 'Seven Nation Army' has a pretty cult following around the globe. Seven Nation Army is perhaps Jack and Meg White's most successful song to date owing to its infectious riff and pounding drum beat. \"Its wrenching lyrics and raw vibe of the slightly foreboding feel of Jack White's trademark low-tuned guitar translates to an instant crowd favorite! And perhaps escalates it to the level of evergreen singles like Queens-We will Rock you and We are the champions! Which would perhaps explain why a decade old tune is now a crowd favorite in sports matches around the world!\" shares Srijit Kumar. \"The White Stripes larger than life persona ultimately bleeds into their songs and though the band is unfortunately no more, their legacy will perhaps outlive us all,\" he adds further.So if you are wondering why a song that is nearly a decade old is pumping through stadium speakers as you watch the playoffs this week, now you know. \"Chants, lights, colors is all a part of games. As long as it means something to the people and gives them a sense of belongingness to the game , it does not matter whether they are sitting 2ft away from the goal post or two continents away in their living room chanting the song,\" concludes Russel Pereira.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "srikakulam", "code": "12945993", "title": "Former CRPF jawan sentenced to death for murderous rampage", "text": "SRIKAKULAM: A local court on Monday sentenced a 38-year-old former CRPF jawan to death for beheading his kids -- aged nine and six -- besides killing five others at Mettapeta in Andhra Pradesh's Srikakulam district in November 2010. Metta Shankar Rao had gone on a murderous rampage after he was released on bail after his conviction in the murder of his wife in 2005 that cost him his job.He had challenged his conviction before the Andhra Pradesh high court and had been nursing a grudge against the villagers, particularly those who had deposed against him. He feared that they would give evidence against him in the HC as well and went on the rampage targeting the witnesses in his wife's murder.Rao first beheaded the kids and later killed two women and three men with knives. He had left the heads of the two in a temple and hidden bodies of the rest in his house. He had also hurled crude bombs on the houses of the slain to terrorize them. Rao later surrendered to police and told them that he had killed the kids as there would have been nobody to look after them once he was jailed.Rao had in fact threatened to kill everyone with bombs and knives in the village.\"Police rushed to the village and in their presence he murdered two more people,\" a villager said The former jawan was also sentenced to 10-year simple imprisonment for possessing deadly weapons and explosives under the Explosives Substances Act. He was slapped a Rs 2,000 fine.Rao was sent to Rajamundhry Central jail , the only prison in the state where the death sentences are carried out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12935572", "title": "Ferrari Ki Sawari with Jannat 2", "text": "It seems Vidhu Vinod Chopra is not keeping any stone unturned to promote his much delayed film Ferrari Ki Sawari. After unveiling the first theatrical trailer of the film, now he will launch the second trailer with Jannat 2.Ferrari Ki Sawari was postponed to June to avoid clash with the IPL season. But since the first trailer was launched months ago, producer Vidhu Vinod Chopra has decided to launch a new promo to bring back the film in news.Apparently he met Mahesh Bhatt who is releasing his Jannat 2 this week. Vidhu Vinod Chopra's new trailer will be featured during Jannat 2. Ferrari Ki Sawari is now set to release in June. Ferrari Ki Sawari is directed by Rajesh Mapuskar and stars Sharman Joshi in lead role.Last time the film was in buzz when Vidya Balan shot a sizzling Marathi Lavani item number for the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12945672", "title": "12,000 apply for OCET 2012 online", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Panjab University is receiving applications for online admissions for OCET online forms. In OCET already over 12,000 students have registered and more than 8,500 students have paid the fees. According to the schedule, last date for registration onhttp://ocetadmissions.puchd.ac.in is May 1 till 4 pm. Last date for deposit of fee in any branch of State Bank of India using website generated challan is May 3, 2012 up to 4pm.Last date for submission of fee details (journal number; branch code and date of deposit given by bank) and uploading of photograph, signature with rest of the information on the website is May 5, 2012. The schedule is available at http://ocetadmissions.puchd.ac.in/important-dates.php.Correction will be entertained regarding photograph, signature and any other information till May 10, 2012 up to 5pm. Admit card required to be downloaded from the website by the candidate using their own Login and Password (provided while generating Bank Challan) after May 22, 2012. There will be no physical communication for this purpose.Entrance test would be conducted on June 16, 2012 to June 19, 2012. Candidates who have already submitted their applications can also give option to add subjects by logging in and paying fee by 4pm on May 3, the controller of examinations, PU informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12946106", "title": "District Bar Association poll cancelled after pandemonium", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The District Bar Association (DBA) elections were cancelled on Tuesday amid reports of irregularities and mismanagement by majority of candidates. Some candidates also tore the ballot papers and took away the ballot boxes accusing the election officer and other office bearers of conspiracy to postpone the elections.As per reports, polling started at around 10am at the district court campus in the presence of election officer Kamla Kant Shukla. In the meantime, some polling officials complained they were provided information about assignment of polling duties barely two hours before the election and they had not done necessary preparations to handle the assignment.In between some candidates contesting the election arrived on the spot and raised slogans against the polling official.Given the pandemonium, the election officer announced cancellation of polling and said that fresh dates would be announced later. Around 87 candidates are contesting elections for 18 posts in DBA which has a combined strength of 3,700 voters.A candidate for the post of general secretary, Lalit Ojha, condemned the incident and accused the election officials of indulging in favouritism and nepotism. This, he said, has resulted in the postponement of elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "tirumala", "code": "12943595", "title": "Grand start to Tirupati festival", "text": "TIRUMALA: The three-day annual Salakatla Padmavathi Parinayotsavam was off to a grand start at Narayanagiri Gardens in Tirumala on Monday evening. TTD cancelled arjitha sevas such as Arjitha Brahmotsavam, Vasanthotsavam and Sahasra Deepalankara seva from Monday to Wednesday due to the festival.The processional deity of Lord Malayappa Swamy was taken to the Narayanagiri Gardens on Gaja Vahana on the first day, while his two consorts adorned with jewels and gemstones followed him on palanquins. Thousands of pilgrims converged to witness the celestial event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12946069", "title": "Labour Day rewards: Wage hike for bangle workers", "text": "KANPUR: On the occasion of World Labour Day, the state labour department had decided to increase the monthly wages of workers engaged in making glass bangles.The monthly wages of the labourers working in factories of bangles will be increased by Rs 213.81. This increment is minimum while the maximum limit can be determined by the employers.In the semester from April 1 to September 30, the unskilled workers or labourers getting monthly wages of Rs 2,600 will get 365.35 as additional amount in the form of dearness allowance (jeevan nirwah bhatta).The semi-skilled labourers working in bangle industries who are getting Rs 4,900 monthly, will get Rs 406.08 extra as dearness allowance. The skilled labourers in the circle of Rs 5,450 as monthly payment will be getting an extra amount of Rs 451.66 rupees as jeevan nirwah bhatta.\"The labourers who came under the category of 'taarwala' (a term used for the workers who make pipes of fine glass in bangle industry) and getting the monthly payment of Rs 11,150 will get Rs 924.03 extra as dearness allowance. Those working as 'belania' labourers (making the plates of bangles) and get Rs 7,800 as monthly wages will get an extra amount of Rs 646.41,\" labour commissioner Harsharan Das said.The labourers working as supervisors with monthly salary of Rs 7,550 will get an extra sum of Rs 625.69 as betterment allowance. Whereas, labourers engaged in joining of bangles will be given a sum of Rs 1,700 per 10 'toda' (measurement term used in bangle industry). This wage is to be given to all the labourers from January 1 to December 31, 2012.The dearness allowance for the labourers getting Rs 4,300 as monthly wages is Rs 356.35.The semi-skilled labourers working in bangle industries who are getting Rs 4,900 monthly, will get Rs 406.08 extra as dearness allowance. The skilled labourers in the circle of Rs 5,450 as monthly payment will be getting an extra amount of Rs 451.66 rupees as jeevan nirwah bhatta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12942700", "title": "'Am happy with my job, live with dignity'", "text": "NASHIK: Jayashree Chowdhary-Pawar-Gurav (36) began working as a petrol pump attendant near the Raymonds showroom on Nashik Road more than 10 years ago, as she did not have a choice, and continues to be the longest-serving female attendant in the city. People had initially remarked that the job was not a woman's but today she has earned respect from them and enjoys her job.Jayashree was one of the first women to serve as a petrol pump attendant in Nashik and is the only one who has continued with it. \"The others were girls who got married later and thus left the job. I did not have a choice and now people respect me for it,\" she said.Qualified in electro-homeopathy, Jayashree served at Tiwari Hospital for some time. She married in Pune in 1997 but her husband did not approve of her working outside. She became a full-fledged housewife from 1997 to 2004, when she lost her husband. \"My in-laws did not mind me working though. My husband and his brother owned a medical store. But my husband was an alcoholic and spent all the money on liquor. I had to work as a domestic help in people's houses,\" said Jayashree.\"After my husband's demise I returned to my parents' residence in Nashik as the medical store was in the name of my brother-in-law and my in-laws were dependent on him,\" she said.She then had no choice but to accept the job of a marketing representative. \"It was eight years since I had worked in a hospital and in this span many developments had taken place in electro-homeopathy,\" she said.For more than a decade, she has been serving as a petrol pump attendant. \"I was marketing for Bharat Petroleum and after two years was employed at the pump on a temporary basis. Though I was offered only Rs 1,750, I accepted the job as marketing was not easy and the company employs salespersons on a temporary basis. I used to earn around Rs 8,000 per month through marketing but when my period was nearing an end, I accepted this job.\"She said it was difficult to manage the household expenses and educate her son. \"I was made permanent only on May 1, 2011. This year, my son will appear for his SSC board exams,\" said Jayashree.When she started working as a petrol pump attendant, she said, everybody felt it was not a good job for a woman. \"But I had no choice and I was used to making adjustments in life. For the first five years I also did the second shift, but when the new government rule stated that women should not be allowed to work at night, I have been given the 6am-2pm shift,\" she said.She lost her mother in 2006, while her father is a former employee of the security press.She is content with her job now and says that she lives a life full of dignity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12944392", "title": "Residents oppose changes in development plan", "text": "PUNE: Several citizens groups and town planning experts have decided to launch a stiff campaign against changes proposed by the state government in the development plan (DP) for the fringe areas of the city.The state government on Sunday issued a public notification about the proposed changes for which it has invited suggestions and objections from people. As per the proposal, certain portions of land are to be converted for residential use and changes in the town planning schemes have also been envisaged.Reacting to the notification on Monday, urban planner Aneeta Gokhale Benninger, Maj Gen S C N Jatar (retd) of the Nagrik Chetana Manch and Satish Khot of the National Society for Clean Cities questioned the motive behind the changes. The citizens groups are all part of the Green Pune Movement which has been consistently taking up issues regarding sustainable development of the city and environment protection.Benninger said, \"No reasons have been mentioned as to why these changes in land reservations and the development plan have been proposed. Also, there is no transparency about these changes.\"The citizens groups have already started a public signature campaign against the changes and said that the time for filing suggestions and objections is just four days. \"The urban development department published the notification in the official gazette on April 5. However, the public notice about the notification was published only on Sunday. The first thing we would be demanding is that 30 days be given from the date of publication of the public notice for filing suggestions and objections by citizens,\" Khot said.Benninger said the development plan includes several aspects and all these things have to be taken into account while proposing the changes. \"The notice said the draft development plan is deemed to have been submitted to the state government on April 5, 2011. This statement is incorrect, because the state government has already taken decisions on the development plan over the last seven years when the plan was submitted to the government by the Pune Municipal Corporation.\" She said the integrity of the plan is being compromised due to the proposed changes. \"We are ready to accept the changes if the government has proper justification for them. However, there is no transparency in the issue.\"Jatar said that the proposed changes are being made even before the approval of the comprehensive mobility plan of the city. \"The city should first have a mobility plan. These changes cannot be made before having a proper infrastructure in place.\" He pointed out that the amenity spaces and playgrounds in the fringe area development plan have already been reduced, despite the stipulated norms. The citizens groups said that if necessary, they would move the court against the proposed changes.Meanwhile, the Nagrik Hakka Sanstha has urged the state government to announce its decision about allowing 4% constructions in the bio-diversity park (BDP) zones. President of the Sanstha, Sudhirkaka Kulkarni said that the government should take an early decision about grant of permissions for constructions to plot owners having land in committed layouts in BDP zones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "midnapore", "code": "12944375", "title": "Bangladeshi foreign minister Dipu Moni meets relatives in Midnapore", "text": "MIDNAPORE: A generation of Bengalis - including the common man as well as dignitaries - was severed from its roots with the partition of Bengal and formation of Bangladesh. While some Bengalis have ventured into the neighbouring country to trace their origins, several others have come down to India to rediscover their roots. The reason was no different for Bangladeshi foreign minister Dipu Moni who visited Midnapore on Monday.Dipu Moni visited Huseyn Shaheed Suhrawardy's birthplace in Mirbazar. This Awami League founder-member was very close to the minister's father M A Wahud.Midnapore also happens to be Dipu Moni's sasural. The extended family of her husband Tawfique Nawaz, an Oxford graduate and a senior advocate of Bangladesh Supreme Court, hails from Midnapore and still resides here.The foreign minister, accompanied by her husband and two children, reached Midnapore at 10.30am amid tight security. The family first visited the Burrabazar home of Tawfique's uncle Ahmad Jaan. Later, they met another uncle of Tawfique called Mohammad Khararul Rehman.Before leaving Midnapore, Dipu Moni said, \"Though I have been to Kolkata several times, I couldn't come here. This time, I decided to come and meet all our relatives. It feels very good.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12945773", "title": "Ex-jail official may be sent to prison", "text": "BANGALORE: Parappana Agrahara police have registered a criminal case against suspended chief jail superintendent TH Lakshminarayana for allegedly setting free a most-wanted criminal from the central jail in December last year without court orders .The jail official was suspended on April 23 after an inquiry found him prima facie guilty of allegedly releasing SM Masood, son of Syed Mohammed Jamdar of Nariman Point in Mumbai, on December 27, 2011, without court orders . Police claimed the allegations areserious andtheofficialis liable to be arrested.\"We are seeking legal opinion andwill proceed accordingly ,\" a senior police officer told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12949880", "title": "SC asks Army to decide how to try personnel involved in fake encounter cases", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Tuesday asked the Army authorities to decide whether its personnel accused of fake encounter killings in Jammu and Kashmir and Assam should be tried by court-martial proceedings or by regular criminal courts.A bench of justices B S Chauhan and Swatanter Kumar said that if the Army authorities were not keen on court-martial proceedings, then the CBI can seek sanction from the Centre for prosecution of the Army officers.Army personnel were allegedly involved in the killing of 7 persons in an alleged staged shootout at Pathribal in Jammu and Kashmir 12 years ago.In the event of the accused officers being tried by the regular criminal courts, the Centre shall consider the CBI's plea for sanction within three months, the apex court said.The bench had reserved its verdict on April 23.Earlier, while concluding their arguments, Additional Solicitor General Harin Raval and senior counsel Ashok Bhan, appearing for CBI, had reiterated that Army personnel involved in the alleged fake encounter have no immunity from prosecution.The CBI had earlier told the special bench that it was a case of \"cold-blooded murder and the accused officials deserve to be meted out exemplary punishment.\"The CBI had contended that no prior sanction was required for prosecuting the Army personnel and the need to ensure \"public confidence in the rule of law and dispensation of justice\" warranted their prosecution.\"Our investigations have revealed it was a fake encounter and cold-blooded murders. If public confidence in the rule of law and dispensation of justice is to be sustained, the accused officers deserve to be meted out exemplary punishment,\" Bhan had told the bench.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12944292", "title": "Delhi University teachers tear into vice-chancellor\u2019s plans", "text": "NEW DELHI: Days after Delhi University vice-chancellor Dinesh Singh announced a series of proposals like introduction of four-year degree courses and BTech in humanities through Meta College, the DU teachers' body termed the plans \"policy assaults\".While Delhi University Teachers' Association (DUTA) is alleging that the university administration has announced them before the media without consulting teachers and students, another section of teachers is waiting to see the blueprint before taking a stand.DUTA said, \"A change can become a reform for a system only if it is first identified as an organic need and then brought in through debate. We wish to highlight that till date there has been no discussion on the four-year undergraduate programme, the concept of Meta University or BTech in humanities in any statutory body - be it staff council, committee of courses, or faculties. The results of a mindless and hurriedly imposed semester system are before us.\"DUTA member Abha D Habib said by stating that BTech in humanities would be launched from 2012 and the four-year degree from 2013, \"the administration has already made it clear that all the academic and executive councils need to do is to approve them. How can initiatives that will redefine the academic structure of the university be taken so arbitrarily?Habib added that at a time when the university was reeling under 4,000 permanent teacher vacancies, non-implementation of OBC infrastructure expansion and other semester-related issues, the university should have tried to consolidate rather than announce new plans. \"The teachers are not against innovation, but bypassing statutory bodies and blatant use of emergency powers.\"While announcing the proposals, Singh had said none of the proposals had been ratified in a statutory body and the university administration was consulting the teachers.Not all teachers are, however, coming out openly against the announcements. \"We are yet to know if the four-year degree will replace the existing ones. We will be able to form an opinion only after the proposals are debated in AC and EC, which, the VC said, will be done,\" said J Khuntia, an economics teacher.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12944238", "title": "Nupur Talwar sent to jail, trial begins on Thursday", "text": "NEW DELHI: More than 14 months after she was made an accused in the murder of her daughter Aarushi and domestic help Hemraj, Dr Nupur Talwar was sent to Ghaziabad's Dasna jail as an undertrial on Monday.Facing trial for murder and destruction of evidence along with her husband Dr Rajesh Talwar, Nupur surrendered before the designated CBI court in Ghaziabad in the morning and handed over her 'surrender application' to the court. Special judicial magistrate Preeti Singh immediately took her into judicial custody.However, Nupur filed a bail application through her counsel G P Thareja and Praveen Rai, saying her review petition was pending in the Supreme Court and that she should get bail as a woman under section 437 of the CrPC. The judge rejected her plea and set the first hearing of the trial on May 3.Later in the day, Nupur approached the sessions court seeking interim bail till the time her plea for regular bail comes up for hearing, but additional district judge Shyam Lal also rejected the application and listed the matter for Tuesday. Turns hereWhen it became clear that she would have to spend at least one night in jail, Nupur burst into tears and was consoled by her relatives. Two female police officers then escorted her to the jail van for taking her to the Dasna prison.Earlier, Nupur had sneaked into the court secretly from the judge's chambers entrance around 10.16am, evading the media. After she filed the bail application, SJM Preeti Singh asked CBI to file their reply to which CBI sought time. The magistrate gave the agency two hours to file the reply. In its reply, CBI strongly opposed her bail plea, saying, \"The accused (Nupur) is not an innocent lady. She is accused of committing double murder and was evading arrest despite issuance of bailable and non-bailable warrants by this court, directions by higher courts to go and face trial and for expeditious disposal of trial. She has tried her level best to stay away from court\". CBI also told the court that \"a person involved in an offence of murder is not entitled to bail by the magistrate\".\"Nupur is prima facie guilty of double murder and there is much evidence to prove the case against her,\" the agency said, pointing out that she had been avoiding appearing in court for a long time. Nupur surrendered on Monday \"only after the Supreme Court directed her to surrender\", it said. \"The pleas raised by Nupur Talwar for seeking bail were wrong,\" CBI prosecutor R K Saini said.Rejecting her application, SJM Preeti Singh said, \"In the present case, two people have been killed and instance of destruction of evidence has come to notice, which is very serious. Looking at the gravity of the offence, her case is not fit for bail\".After her bail was rejected by the SJM, the accused's lawyers filed an application for regular bail in the court of district judge Bharat Bhushan, who referred the matter to the sessions court of ADJ Shyam Lal. Her lawyers sought interim bail if regular bail is not given, but this too was rejected by the sessions court. Nupur's family members refused to comment on the matter.In another development, SJM Preeti Singh listed the date of hearing of the trial on May 3, which means that Nupur would be in judicial custody till then, unless she is granted bail by the sessions court on Tuesday.Nupur and Rajesh Talwar, both dentists, were made accused on February 9, 2011 for murder and destruction of evidence in the Aarushi-Hemraj murders by the special CBI court. Since then, this was the first time Nupur appeared in court, having filed various applications in courts for cancellation of charges against her, review petition and cancellation of non-bailable warrants against her.Talwars' 14-year-old daughter Aarushi and domestic help Hemraj were found murdered in their Jalvayu Vihar residence on the night of May 16, 2008. CBI had earlier arrested three domestic workers - Rajkumar, Krishna and Vijay Mandal for the murders but in December 2010, CBI filed a closure report giving enough evidence against Talwars. The court took cognizance of the report and made them the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12944808", "title": "Drama unfolds ahead of election", "text": "MYSORE: The drama started to unfold when Mysore regional commissioner M V Jayanthi, who was the returning officer, began receiving the nomination papers. It was Mahadevamma who filed her papers first, followed by M C Rajeshwari. Mahadevamma's candidature was proposed by Rihana Bhanu and seconded by Anwar Baig, both of whom are now facing possibility of action by the party.Minutes before the special election meeting, it was informed that Rajeshwari is the official candidate. According to city Congress chief Dase Gowda, he made the announcement asking Narasimharaja MLA Tanveer Sait to withdraw his supporter from the fray. He didn't agree. \"Though we tried to convince him, he didn't budge,\" he said. When the meeting started, the returning officer allowed five minutes for the candidates to opt out. Being aware that his chances of making his candidate scrape through was slim, Sait walked out of the meeting even before voting commenced. R Shivanna, Congress corporator from ward 51, too followed suit. When Jayanthi put to vote Mahadevamma's candidature, none voted for her. Later, Rajeshwari was polled 48 votes. Significantly, BJP members abstained from voting.JD(S) nominee Mahadevappa was polled 47 votes and trounced M K Shankar (BJP) in the deputy mayor's election.Gowda said the party has taken a serious note of propping up Mahadevamma and will discuss whether action should be taken against the corporators who proposed and seconded her candidature. He said a Congress corporator (Shivanna) walking out of the meeting is also taken note of.'PROCESS FLAWED'When contacted, Sait said: \"I asked Mahadevamma to file nomination papers since a representative from Gandhinagar has not been made a mayor though the post was reserved for SC for more than once. There are 40,000 people in Gandhinagar, and we need to focus them on too. Besides, the process to evolve a consensus candidate was flawed since the leaders failed to consult even the corporators. I was not taken into confidence either.\" He said he didn't rebel against the party, but tried to express his anguish. \"I cannot rebel against my party,\" he added. On his walking out of the meeting when the polling process started, Sait, a third-time MLA, said he was upset with the way the issue was handled.JD(S) LOYALIST IS DY MAYORLike the newly-elected mayor, Mahadevappa, the deputy mayor, is also a first-time corporator. A law graduate representing ward 25, he is a resident of Manchegowdana Koppal and headed the accounts and audit standing committee in 2010-11. JD(S) opted for him for his loyalty. He said the focus should be on conserving heritage environs of the tourist city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12943316", "title": "Seemandhra leaders blamed for \u2018rift\u2019 between Telangana Rashtra Samithi and Telangana Joint Action Committee", "text": "HYDERABAD: Ruling out differences between Telangana Joint Action Committee (JAC) and TRS, TJAC chairman M Kodandaram blamed Seemandhra leaders for creating doubts in the public about the movement.Responding to reports in a section of media, the TJAC chairman described it as a sinister design by anti-T forces to dilute the strong movement. He said these kind of false reports have been originating ever since TJAC was born.Referring to the stance taken by TRS and BJP to field their respective candidates in Parakal, the TJAC chairman said they could not prevail on any political party. He said it was for them to decide on the need to field a single candidate keeping in view the larger interests of the movement. \"Political parties must try to field a unanimous contestant for Parakal bypoll. Our goal is Telangana and we will periodically assess the need to rework our strategies to achieve it. However, it is for the political parties to decide on how to take the movement to newer heights,\" he added.He, however, clarified that JAC was not in a position to prevail on either of the political parties on their respective view points. \"We can always do out bit to simplify complicated issues, but not issue a directive to anyone. We are not in favour of emerging as a political entity,\" he said.The TJAC chairman asked people not to vote for party that had not taken clear stand on Telangana issue. \"There is no change in Congress party's stance on the issue since 2004. They continue to stall the formation of Telangana state. We, however, appreciate the role of suspended Congress MPs. People will repose faith in these eight Congress MPs (suspended from Lok Sabha ) only if they quit the party and announce a roadmap for the formation of Telangana state,\" he observed.The TJAC said the steering committee meeting date was yet to be finalized, but said it would be held at the earliest. \"There are no serious internal developments within TJAC. Even if there is a difference of opinion, we will sort out them through discussions in the steering committee,\" he added. Meanwhile, TRSLP leader E Rajendar condemned reports that his party had differences with TJAC. \"There is no truth in these reports,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "12944787", "title": "All Jharkhand student union halts Tenighat canal repair", "text": "BOKARO: Several hundred workers of All Jharkhand Student Union (Ajsu) on Monday staged demonstration and stopped repair work of Tenughat canal. The water resource department and Bokaro Steel (BSL) were fixing up the broken wall of the canal to restore water supply to the plant and Bokaro township at Baruataad under Balidih police station.The agitators demanded compensation for the loss suffered by local people after their farmlands, situated adjacent to the canal, got submerged in water. Water supply between BSL and Tenughat Dam was disrupted after few miscreants damaged the 34km-long canal's wall on Friday. The incident led to water inundation of areas around the canal.Breach in water supply has affected the routine life as BSL, in a bid to keep up with the city's requirements, has curtailed water supply to the township from twice to just once everyday.Sources said repair work of the canal was being carried out by 150 workers on war footing when agitators led by AJSU central committee member Ajay Singh reached the spot and stopped the work demanding compensation. Work resumed after six hours when Chas SDO, Sanjay Singh along with DSP P N Singh and BSL DGM Rajesh Bamba reached the spot and pacified the agitators promising AJSU workers a negotiation talk on May 2.Ajay said that farmlands of about 30 residents have been destroyed. The water contains huge amount of sands which barrens their lands. The wall of the canal collapsed owing to its poor maintenance. \"We want compensation. The 34-km canal is in a dilapidated state and untoward incident could occur anytime, claiming several lives if BSL does not repair it sincerely. It is evident that funds, which BSL claimed to have spent in maintaining the canal, have not been utilized properly. I demanded a CBI inquiry to check the scam,\" said Ajay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12943463", "title": "Maharashtra Samajwadi Party leader Azmi held guilty of hate speech", "text": "MUMBAI: A local court on Monday convicted Samajwadi Party state president and MLA Abu Asim Azmi and four others of making inflammatory speeches to incite communal violence during a rally in 2000.Metropolitan magistrate Sanjashree Gharat of the Mazgaon court sentenced Azmi, Waqarunnissa Ansari, Lalbahadur Singh, Ehsanullah Khan and Ali M Shamsi to two years' imprisonment. When the five sought time to appeal in the sessions court, the magistrate allowed suspension of the order, enabling them to leave after they paid the fine and furnished personal sureties.The trial and conviction were under the IPC's section 153 A (inciting communal passions), 153 B (making imputations and assertions prejudicial to national integration) and 153 (wantonly causing provocation with the intent to cause riot). The maximum sentence is three years' imprisonment and a fine.According to the prosecution, Azmi made incendiary remarks while addressing a rally at Mastan Talao, Nagpada, on February 24, 2000, when he was an SP corporator. The other four stood accused of organizing the rally and being involved in the gathering. The issue was raised by the Shiv Sena and the BJP in the state assembly; MLAs of the parties stalled proceedings, demanding action against Azmi.The police sought the state government's permission to prosecute the five and received a go-ahead. According to public prosecutor Varsha Doshi, who stepped into the trial in 2011, the case was based on documentary as well as forensic evidence. The government had sent an audio cassette of Azmi's speech to the Central Bureau of Investigation for a voice authenticity test. \"We had an audio recording of the speech, which we matched with a pre-recorded CD of the voice samples of the accused. This corroborated the corresponding evidence of the prosecution,\" said Doshi.While five prosecution witnesses-including the investigating officer and four other police officers-were examined, the defence did not present any witnesses in the case. The chargesheet, filed in 2000 itself, is about 60 pages long. Though Azmi and the four others were arrested at the time, they were released on bail by the police themselves.Referring to the delay in the verdict, Doshi said, \"The trial was stalled on several occasions because the accused would not attend the hearings. It was restarted in 2005, but once again the accused failed to be present in court. Only in 2011 was the case heard continuously.\"Outside the court, Azmi expressed disappointment over the verdict. \"I will file an appeal in the higher court and am hopeful of getting justice.\" Referring to the 2000 speech, he said it was not made against any religion or community and he had no intentions of spreading communal disharmony. He said he had only spoken against certain atrocities and in doing so he was just exercising his fundamental rights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "12943916", "title": "Former Amravati Municipal Corporation deputy mayor held in assault case", "text": "AMRAVATI: Amravati police detained former deputy mayor of Amravati Municipal Corporation (AMC) Shaikh Jaffar under the Maharashtra Prevention of Dangerous Activity act (MPDA) on Monday. Around six offences have been registered against the former deputy mayor.Congress member and former deputy mayor Shaikh Jaffar Shaikh Jabbar had allegedly attacked a gambler, Babauddin, near Asodiya petrol pump on April 12. Jaffar and his accomplices allegedly opened fire on Babauddin, but when the bullets missed him, Jaffar's goons attacked Babauddin with sharp weapons leaving him in a pool of blood. The assailants fled the spot and were planning to leave the city. They took an SUV from Jaffar's house and left, but the police managed to trace their location and alerted Yavatmal SP about them.A nakabandi was imposed and Pandharkawada police nabbed the accused. However, Jaffar and his men allegedly tried to flee and tried to ram the police van with their car, but the police caught them and presented them before the court.On Monday, police detained Jaffar under MPDA Act and lodged him at Yavatmal jail. There are around six offences registered against the Jaffar under various sections of IPC.Fire breaks out at crematoriumAmravati: A fire broke out in the Hindu Samshan Bhumi on Monday afternoon. It took three hours for the fire brigade to douse the fire.According to information, the fire which started at around 1.30 pm gutted wood, logs, dunk cakes and other material. A short circuit is suspected to be the reason behind the fire.Dried wood logs in the crematorium caught the fire which rapidly spread in the crematorium. When fire brigade officials learnt about the incident, they rushed to the spot, around 25 tenders of fire department were required to douse the fire at around 4.30 pm. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12944190", "title": "NIDians made 'Gangs of Wasseypur' look realistic", "text": "AHMEDABAD: As the Bollywood director Anurag Kashyap's film 'Gangs of Wasseypur' goes to Cannes International Film Festival this year in May, there is a good reason for a group of NID graduates to rejoice.They have lent a big hand in making the bloodcurdling scenes of the gangster fights in the film as real as it can get. It was a startup firm called 'Dirty Hands' in Ahmedabad started by NID graduates Rajiv Subba and Mamta Gautam who made the realistic severed heads, severed hands, artificial bellies for mimicking pregnancy and even full artificial bodies from silicon for the film.Managing director at Dirty Hands, Zuby Johal who is also an NID alumnus said, \"Gangs... is the first film for which we have made silicon prosthetics. We approached Kashyap in his office and showed him our samples which grabbed his interest and gave us the project.\" The film has been selected under the Directors' Fortnight section at Cannes International Film Festival.Following the project with 'Gangs of Wasseypur', however, Bollywood film producers are now making a beeline for life like prosthetic limbs, masks and human bodies made of silicon by these NID graduates.Dirty Hands is making silicon prosthetics for various other films like Mahesh Bhatt's 'Raj' which is expected to be launched around August this year, Anurag Kashyap's 'Michael' which was chosen for Toronto International Film Festival 2011 and a film on infanticide by High Tide Communication.\"There are more films projects for which we are in talks. After the experience with corking with various directors, we are seeing that there is a need for us to provide the service in a complete package, which includes not only providing the prosthetics and props but also digital special effects. And we will be doing that very soon,\" said Johal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12945229", "title": "Now, Kakkar\u2019s torso found in Kumbharli ghat", "text": "The crime branch that has been investigating the brutal murder of aspiring producer Karankumar Kakkar said, on Monday, that they had recovered his torso from the Kumbharli Ghat in Ratnagiri.TOI had reported on April 30 that the police was likely to revisit the alleged crime scene. Sources in the crime branch said the police had taken a few mountain climbers along to look for the remaining parts of Kakkar's body. On April 14, the police could only trace his head, ribs, hands and fingers. The recovery of his torso assumes significance in the wake of the Kakkar family's firm refusal to accept that the body parts were Karan's.Sources said the parts have been sent to the Kalina Forensic Science Laboratory (FSL) for chemical analysis as well as the crucial DNA test. The police have requested the laboratory to furnish the results on a priority basis.In another development, the police accompanied a forensic laboratory team to Kakkar's rented flat in Oberoi Springs at Andheri on Sunday, and broke open the bathroom's drainage pipe. According to Palande, he and his associates had killed Kakkar and chopped his body in the bathroom and washed the floor several times. \"The FSL experts on Sunday broke open the bathroom's drainage Ttype cement pipe, which revealed traces of blood that the police believe to be Kakkar's . We believe this will be an important piece of evidence to prove our case in the court of law,'' said a police officer.Kakkar's brother Hanish and mother Rita, who now reside in the flat, have maintained that Palande could not have chopped off Kakkar's body in the flat; they also refused to accept that the recovered body parts were Karan's saying that the skull was \"too small\".Palande had told the police that he and his accomplices hatched the plot to kill Kakkar about two weeks before they murdered him in March 5. To execute the killing, they bought a knife and a cleaver from a suburban mall, and to ensure that no traces are left behind, they got rubber gloves, bottles of phenyl, large disposal bags and two suitcases . The police have sent these items for DNA tests.Police sources said Kakkar was killed on March 5, the day his Delhi-based family found his cellphone switched off for the first time. Earlier the same day, Kakkar had texted a friend saying that Palande intended to put him in touch with an investor who was willing to give him Rs 3.5 crore for starting a production house.During interrogation, Manoj Gajkosh, one of Palande's associates, told investigators that he went with another associate Dhananjay Shinde, Palande and Kakkar to a hotel in Lokhandwala on March 5. At the hotel, while Shinde and he waited, Palande spiked Kakkar's drink. Soon after, Kakkar began to feel light-headed and asked Palande to drive him home in his BMW . After Kakkar fell asleep, they stabbed him, chopped his body and dumped it in the Kumbharli Ghat.Kakkar's murder came to light after the police arrested Palande and his two associates in April for killing actor Anuj Tikku's father Arunkumar . They were planning to kill Anuj as well. However, their plans went awry after a neighbour raised an alarm on witnessing Arunkumar's struggle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12949884", "title": "Internet in trains gets ISRO clearance", "text": "NEW DELHI: Surfing the internet in trains without using data card seems to be a distinct possibility now as the Railways have got the much-awaited clearance from space agency ISRO for using the satellite for the purpose.The Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) has given the clearance for using the frequency from KU band for using the satellite for internet, said a senior Railway Ministry official, adding it will be for the first time that internet will be operational in moving trains through satellite.Though Railways had proposed two years back to provide internet in trains, the project could not take off due to the absence of ISRO clearance.\"ISRO's clearance for using frequency from satellite for internet is mandatory. Now that we have got the clearance, work on the project will commence soon,\" said the official.As per the proposal, three rakes of Howrah Rajdhani will be uplinked with satellite for facilitating internet in coaches on a pilot basis.Since it is a pilot project the internet service will not be charged from the passengers, said the official.Railways have sanctioned Rs 6.30 crore for providing internet facility in Howrah Rajdhani. The work will be executed by a Mumbai-based company.Now custom-made antenna will be installed on the locomotives of the train and coaches will be linked through Wi-Fi connectivity, he said.According to the procedure to be followed, passenger will get a password in his mobile phone after dialling a number given by the TTE. The passenger can make the internet operational with the use of the password.If the pilot project becomes successful then other trains will also be linked with satellite for internet purpose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12944689", "title": "City police ban vehicles for temple fest", "text": "MADURAI: The city police have banned vehicles from entering and parking in the four Chithiran and Avani Moola streets around the Meenakshi Sundareswarar Temple for three days from May 1 in view of the Goddess Meenakshi Thirukalyana Vaibavam.The police have effected a series of traffic regulatory mechanisms for the three days, as a large number of devotees are expected to throng the temple from Madurai, as well as rural areas.In a statement, the police said that car owners who have not obtained vehicle passes could park them in the North, South, East and West Masi streets on May 2, the day of the 'Thirukalyanam' festival. Trucks and vans carrying goods that regularly visit the four Masi and Avani streets would not be permitted to enter those areas from 11pm on May 1 to May 3, till the temple car procession ends. The vehicles cannot load or unload goods in the streets during the period.Cars with the yellow-coloured passes issued by the city police would be allowed to enter Yanaikkal, North Veli Street, Old TVS Junction, West Masi Street, Mayflower Junction, Melagopuram Street and reach West Avani Moola Street where they could park their vehicles. While returning, they could take the Melagopuram street and West Masi Street. Melagopuram Street would be made one way in view of the festival.Vehicles with blue-coloured passes could be parked in South Avani Moola street, while cars with rose-coloured passes shall be parked in North Avani Moola Street.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12944754", "title": "Three AIEEE examinees from Bihar drown in Kanke dam", "text": "RANCHI: Four students, including three from different places in Bihar , who had come here to take the All India Engineering Entrance Examination ( AIEEE), drowned in the Kanke dam on Monday.Police said the four students had been identified as Prince Raj of Garhwa, Dev Ranjan of Bihar's Buxar, Vikas of Danapur near Patna and Amrit Prakash of Ara, also in the neighbouring state. The policemen could identify the victims from the admit cards that were found in their respective bags left on the dam's bank.Gonda police station officer-in-charge Zulfikar Ali said the boys had appeared for the entrance exam at different centres in the city. \"It appears that they must have known each other from the past and met after the examination. To enjoy their union, they probably have come to the dam and drowned while taking a bath,\" said the officer-in-charge.According to eyewitness Ajay Kumar , the boys reached the dam around 3 pm and after spending some time on the bank they went deep into the water. \"After a few minutes, they started crying for help but before anyone could reach them they drowned,\" he said.He revealed that around 10 local youths jumped into the dam within a few minutes and tried to fish out their bodies but none could be traced till late in the evening.Unable to trace the bodies with help of local youths, the police deployed trained divers but they also failed to trace the students. \"We will resume the operation on Tuesday morning,\" Ali said.The police have informed the family members of the victims and it is expected that they will reach Ranchi by Tuesday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12943884", "title": "Mumbai's top cop accused of rape gets anticipatory bail", "text": "MUMBAI: The victim has not said she was raped, observed Bombay HC on Monday while granting anticipatory bail to assistant commissioner of police Anil Mahabole, accused of raping a middle-aged homemaker.Mahabole had moved the HC for anticipatory bail after the sessions court rejected it. An FIR was registered against Mahabole after the victim alleged that he had raped and blackmailed her over eight months.Granting him bail on a surety of Rs 30,000, Justice A M Thipsay said that nowhere in her complaint has the victim stated that she was raped. Also, the victim said Mahabole had exploited her and that she consented as she needed his help. \"The victim has to come forward and say she was raped. There is no forcible sexual intercourse. Hence, there is no case for registration of even an FIR,\" said Justice Thipsay.The judge also found it \"ridiculous'' that the victim-in her statement-says she is unable to speak about the rape. \"If the victim herself is not disclosing the offence, then how can the police say rape has been committed?'' said Justice Thipsay. He said Mahabole may have had illicit relations with the victim but that at the most would constitute \"immoral behaviour\". \"The court cannot look at the case morally. The law point has to be seen,'' added Justice Thipsay.Mahabole's advocate Rohini Wagh said he was being made a scapegoat by the police commissioner. She said Mahabole had named several police officers in the Telgi scam, who were later arrested. \"Since then, he is being targeted,'' she said. She said Mahabole's name was first dragged in the murder of journalist J Dey and \"now this rape case''.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "bangalore ", "code": "12945766", "title": "Take mock CET today", "text": "BANGALORE : Education Times , in association with Byju's classes , will hold a free all-K arnataka Mock CET on May 1.This will be followed by a free workshop on time management , shortcut techniques and last-minute preparation strategies by trainer ByjuR aveendran.The test will simulate the environment in which actual CET is conducted and also give students a statelevel ranking. Tuesday, May 1, 8am. Venue : Jyoti Nivas College , 5th Block, Koramangala . Contact 9535001065.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12943547", "title": "Chhattisgarh hostage crisis: Sukma collector could be freed by tomorrow", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hopes for the release of abducted Sukma collector Alex Paul Menon brightened on Monday after interlocutors appointed by the Chhattisgarh government and those named by the Maoists agreed on setting up a committee to review all cases, including those of Maoists, against whom a probe or prosecution is pending.The committee will become operational within an hour of Menon's release. Without conceding much, the state government extracted a promise from B D Sharma and G Hargopal, mediating on the Maoists' behalf, that they would ensure Menon's safe return within 48 hours, that is, on or before May 2.Sharma and Hargopal appealed to the Maoists to \"consider the proposal favourably\" and ensure Menon's release after signing the agreement along with the government's interlocutors - Nirmala Buch and S K Misra.Buch will chair the committee that will review cases periodically to expedite disposal of maximum cases.The Chhattisgarh chief secretary and director-general of police will be members of a joint committee that will review all cases pending against Maoists and other tribals. During the review of cases, priority would be given to cases involving tribals of Bastar and surrounding areas. The committee will submit its recommendations to the state government.Earlier, in a statement,Maoist South Bastar regional committee secretary Ganesh Uike extended the deadline to May 2. The Maoists threatened to produce Menon before a jan adalat (people's court) if the Chhattisgarh government did not accept their demands, including release of jailed party leaders, by then. Menon was popular in Sukma for spearheading development in the backward district. His abduction did not go down well with people, whose cause the Maoists claim to espouse. Besides, it's the tendu leaf plucking season when villagers and traders want peace.Speaking to TOI, a tendu leaf contractor in Sukma hoped Maoists would release Menon soon.\"The leaf plucking season has begun. Neither villagers nor the seths want any trouble now. Maoists usually are sensitive to sentiments of villagers. So, they will release DM saab soon,\" he had said last Wednesday.Sources said a section of top Maoist leadership did not endorse Menon's abduction as it dented their image.Majhipara, from where Maoists abducted Menon, is part of the Kerlapal panchayat which he had adopted to improve agriculture and horticulture. Students and common people in Sukma and across Chhattisgarh took out rallies and candlelight marches almost daily demanding his release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12947607", "title": "Aamir Khan's son organises fundraiser celebrity cricket match", "text": "On the last day of college, Aamir Khan had once sung Papa Kehte Hain Bada Naam Karega, albeit on screen. And more than two decades later, his son Junaid has indeed lived up to the famous number.The young Khan has been busy organising a fundraiser twenty20 celebrity cricket match to be played today at Brabourne stadium between Bollywood stars and physically challenged individuals. Junaid along with his college club has been busy putting the match together to prove it to the world that physical disability is not a handicap. In fact the team consisting of physically challenged individuals has requested the organisers not to give them any unfair advantage.Interestingly, to support this cause, daddy Aamir has now decided to stand by his son. He has even asked his friend Salman Khan and Prateik to be a part of the match. When contacted, Prateik told Mumbai Mirror, \"Aamir told me about this special cricket match a couple of weeks back. His son Junaid and his college club were putting it together. I am really looking forward to playing this match because I think it supports a great cause and an even greater thought - that a disability is not a handicap when you are honest, committed and driven to fulfill your dreams. It feels good to be a part of such an encouraging platform. And of course to play a game like cricket that I love so much.\" The other stars who will also be a part of the match are Sharman Joshi, Arbaaz Khan , Sohail Khan , Rani Mukerji, Atul Kulkarni and Eesha Koppikhar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12943970", "title": "India can now build cheaper nuclear reactors than almost anyone, outgoing DAE chief says", "text": "MUMBAI: Now, India can build cheaper nuclear reactors, than even South Korea. Talking to TOI on the eve of his retirement, Dr Srikumar Banerjee, secretary in the Department of Atomic Energy (DAE), said India can now manufacture nuclear reactors at $1,700 per unit. Come May, Banerjee will make way for Ratan Sinha, currently director of Bhabha Atomic Research Centre (BARC), who will take over as secretary, DAE.\"We are now the world's most economical manufacturer of nuclear reactors. Our cost per unit, of $1,700 (for a 700mw reactor) is substantially less than our nearest competitors. The average international cost is now between $2,500 and $3,000 (for a 1,000mw reactor). South Korea demonstrated its ability to build nuclear reactors for less when it wrested a massive reactor deal for the UAE from French giant, Areva, a couple of years ago.With the protests in Kudankulam piping down, Banerjee said DAE was waiting for a couple of clearances from the Atomic Energy Regulatory Board (AERB) to start Kudankulam-1.The AERB will have to conduct a robotic inspection of the pressure vessel in the Kudankulam plant. This is done after what they call the \"hot run\", which is a kind of a rehearsal but without nuclear fuel. \"After this, they open the cap of the pressure vessel to do a robotic inspection. Only after clearing this inspection are we allowed to put in nuclear fuel,\" said Banerjee.The DAE chief said he was looking at Kudankulam going \"critical\" by mid-June. \"The approach to criticality should happen around that time,\" he said. \"That will be exciting.\" Six months down the line, Banerjee said the DAE hopes to commission the second Kudankulam plant as well.Indian companies manufacturing components and systems for nuclear reactors, Banerjee said, can now do the same work for much less cost. For instance, he said, L&T;, which supplies many critical components for the Indian nuclear and defence sectors, can make the large reactor vessel in their new Hazira plant. This is something of an achievement because it's traditionally been the preserve of Japanese engineering expertise.Banerjee was clear that the despite Fukushima, countries like India will have a high demand for nuclear energy. \"In the months after Fukushima, we have received expressions of interest from Haryana, Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh to set up nuclear power plants. We will do all of them,\" asserted a confident DAE chief.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12944205", "title": "Councillors want more financial powers", "text": "NEW DELHI: The councillors of North Delhi Municipal Corporation took oath of office on Monday as the new civic body held its first meeting. The first annual budget was adopted by the House and approved by the director of local bodies. Of the total budget of Rs 2,994 crore, 41.55% will be spent on education and health. However, the financial powers of the councillors have been curtailed.Last year, when the MCD was in place, the councillors had got Rs 2.05 crore in their kitty. This time, however, the north councillors will get just Rs 54.17 lakh. North has got a large share of the grants-in-aid from Delhi government - Rs 790 crore of the total bailout package of Rs 1,211 crore. \"The state government should have given more grants, but instead they gave us a loan of Rs 790 crore, adding to the financial burden of the Corporation. With an interest rate of 8.5%, repaying the loan is an additional liability. The terms and conditions of the loan should be changed,\" said Meera Aggarwal, Mayor, North Delhi Municipal Corporation.North councillors passed the budget but on condition of amendments. \"Trifurcation of MCD was a move to weaken the local body and even the councillors' fund has been trimmed to Rs 54 lakh. Financial hurdles will pose a major problem in the smooth functioning, as the power of a councillor is now limited. \"Since salaries of employees were non-negotiable, compromises had to be made in the development and councillor funds. The councillor fund will be exhausted in small repairs only. We have cleared the budget proposal on the condition that there will be changes in councillors' funds,\" said Yogender Chandolia, chairman, standing committee, North Delhi Municipal Corporation. But officials say that just to keep some heads under councillors' fund alive, a token amount of Rs 3.80 lakh was allocated to 104 wards. With most of the existing health and education infrastructure coming under North, major share of income will be spent on them.\"Since 44% of total MCD schools and 56% of total health centres are now under North, 25% of total income will be spent on education and 17% on health. Public works and sanitation will take away 15% and 14% of the total income respectively. It is a development-oriented budget. We didn't introduce any new heads but major developmental projects will be taken up,\" said an MCD official. Even the unfinished projects were mentioned in mayor's speech. \"A medical college will be constructed within next six months and more maternity and child healthcare centres and dispensaries will be constructed,\" said Aggarwal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12943618", "title": "2 more swine flu cases", "text": "MUMBAI: Civic officials reported two more cases of swine flu in the city on Monday, after a week-long lull. One of the patients is a 34-year-old man from Mankhurd undergoing treatment at the civic-run Kasturba Hospital near Chinchpokli while the other is a 35-year-old woman from Malad. \"Both are stable. The Malad patient is under treatment from a private practitioner at home,\" said Dr Mangala Gomare, who heads the civic epidemiology cell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12944868", "title": "Woman jumps to death", "text": "LUCKNOW: A 37-year-old woman jumped from her third floor apartment on AP Sen Road in Hussainganj on late on Sunday night. Identified as Sonica Mehra, wife of late Shivprasad Mehra, a resident of Harshit Apartment on AP Sen Road.Her father, Arun Kapoor, lodged a case of abetment to suicide against Sonica's brother-in-law Anand Shankar for pressuring her to marry him and hand over the property of his elder brother. According to reports, Sonica's husband Shivprasad Mehra had died a couple of years back. Since then, his younger brother Anand Shankar had been pressuring her to marry him. Arun said that he also wanted to take over the property of Shivprasad.Fed up with this, Sonica, who is survived by two sons -- Shubham (15) and Astha (10) -- late on Sunday night jumped from the third floor. She died on the spot. A case against Anand has been lodged with Hussainganj police station. Anand is in share business, the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12944029", "title": "Government plans mines safety training in 19 districts", "text": "JAIPUR: In an effort to curb unsafe mining, the state government has decided to conduct training in mines safety in the 19 silicosis-affected districts. The training to lease holders will be imparted by the department of mines and geology in collaboration with the director general of mines safety (DGMS).The department of mines and petroleum has recently issued a notice to the director of mines and geology department asking it to prepare a schedule for such a training programme in co-ordination with the DGMS and to intimate the same to all mining lease holders in the state. The department's orders follow the intervention of the Mine Labour Protection Campaign (MLPC).In his letter, Sudhansh Pant, secretary, mines and petroleum department, has stressed on the need for conducting a training on mines safety across the 19 silicosis affected districts. He has said that such a training programme is mandatory under the Mines Act, 1952.The department's orders is being seen as a huge step in ensuring safety of mine workers. According to Rana Sengupta, managing trustee, MLPC, \"This is for the first time in the state that the department of mines and the ministry of labour will join hands to ensure safe working conditions. Though it is mandatory for all lessee of mines to intimate and get permission from the DGMS before beginning mining operations, but such a practice has eluded the state.\"The DGMS is the Union government's regulatory agency for safety in mines and oil fields under the ministry of labour and employment. The mission of the DGMS is to continually improve safety and health standards, practices, and performance in the mining industry and upstream petroleum industry. The DGMS enforces the provisions under the Mines Act, 1952.\"As per the Mines Act, 1952 after being granted the lease of any mining site by the state government, it is mandatory for the lessee to intimate the DGMS in the Centre and the state pollution control board before resumption of any operation. But in Rajasthan, there has been negligible cooperation between state and central departments. Most mine owners have not been following the orders till their act was finally revealed in the late 90s. Thereafter, the department of mines computerised the lease renewal process for mine owners and those who did not seek permission from the state pollution control board by default got their leases cancelled,\" said Sengupta.However, mine owners have been escaping the vigil of the DGMS. During an inspection in 2011, held on the intervention of MLPC, all the 119 quarry licenses inspected had violated this law, and notices were served to them. Even big corporate entities were not reporting their mining activity to the DGMS which reserves to cancel the lease of a mine in case of reported accidents due to unsafe mining practices.\"Under the Mines Vocational Training Rules, 1966 it is mandatory for every person employed in mine or a quarry be trained as per the guidelines laid down. The DGMS is the authorised body to deliver the training and certify the trainees. However, innumerable quarry licenses are allotted every year that are not communicated to the DGMS. There is rampant violation of labour rights and no adherence to safety standards. But such a training will ensure fewer accidents, safer work environment and thus less death and disability,\" added Sengupta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12943764", "title": "HC refuses to stay suspension of Worli sports club members", "text": "MUMBAI: Justice S C Dharmadhikari on Monday refused to stay the suspension of two members of National Sports Club of India (NSCI), Dr Shyam Nichani and Shilpa Ahuja, who are caught in dispute with other members.The club's Mumbai regional committee suspended Nichani for six months for lodging an allegedly false complaint against the secretary, Jaisingh Choraria, in March. Other members, who had also lodged the complaint, withdrew it a day later and apologized to Choraria, following which the secretary was exonerated.Nichani moved high court where his counsel Prasad Dhakephalkar argued that the club did not follow principles of natural justice. But the judge said staying the suspension would be akin to giving final relief. When Dhakephalkar said not staying it would render his petition redundant as it might come up for hearing after six months, the judge said he could claim compensation. Much to the surprise of all and though not part of his order, the judge said, \"In all these clubs these things keep happening. I don't go to clubs. I tell my colleagues also not to be members of these so-called civilized clubs.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "12944572", "title": "Tiger dies in Bokaro's Jawaharlal Nehru Biological park", "text": "BOKARO: Mystery shrouds the death of Vishnu, a tiger, in the Jawaharlal Nehru Biological (JNB) Park here on Sunday.District forest department officials are unaware of the incident as the Bokaro Steel Plant (BSL) management, which maintains the JNB Park, has buried the tiger's ashes after postmortem and cremation, without informing them.Since 2005, the Bokaro zoo has witnessed eight deaths, including four big cats, two lions and two hippopotamus. Of the four big cats, two were female and two male. Apart from Vishnu, Ram, and Basanti, a pregnant hippopotamus, have died in last two years.Vishnu was one of the two male tigers which were brought by the BSL management from Maitri Bagh, Bhilai (Chattisgarh) in 2005. While Ram died on May 8, 2010 from mouth cancer , the cause of Vishnu's death remains a mystery. Sources said the Bokaro zoo, compared to other zoos of the state, lacks facilities required for suitable upkeep of the animals. There is no special arrangement to protect the inmates from heat waves like the other zoos of the state. Two hippopotamus had died of heat stroke. Perhaps Vishnu, too, had a heat stroke.However, park authorities are claiming that the 11-year-old tiger died of old age and weakness. It was under medical care for a week, and died on Sunday. Dr G Chakrobarty, who also heads the JNB Park administration, along with Dr M A Salam, conducted the postmortem and cremated Vishnu. The ashes were then buried inside the zoo.BSL chief of communication Sanjay Tiwari said the postmortem report revealed it had died of weakness, and forest officials have been told that. He said tigers which are more sensitive to heat have been kept under special care. Their enclosures have trees and pools. \"The zoo provides best upkeep to the animals,\" Tiwari insisted.Bokaro DFO K Manish Arvind said on Monday that the zoo authorities had not informed him about the death even as 24 hours have passed. State chief conservator of forests (wildlife) A K Gupta said the death of a tiger is a serious matter and he would inquire into it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12944884", "title": "Plan to rein-in Budh Bazaar traffic mess", "text": "LUCKNOW: In yet another bid to streamline the city's traffic, DIG Ashutosh Pandey after holding a meeting with the officer-bearers of Roadside Vendors Association has chalked out a new plan for them to put up their stalls for Wednesday market (Buddh ki Bazaar).As per the new plan, no vendor would be allowed to put up his stall from Mahanagar police station to Gol Market on the police station side. However, stalls will be allowed to be put up in front of the police station on the opposite road.Similarly, no vendor would be allowed to operate from Gol Market till Ritz tri-section which will extend till Tender Hearts turn on the Mandir Marg. Similarly, on the other side, vendors have been banned on the road going from the Ritz tri-section to Badshahnagar Crossing. However, road coming from Badshahnagar till Ritz tri-section and till Mahanagar police station will be allowed as usual.Similarly, no vendor will be allowed around the semi-circle around Gol Market crossing while coming from Nishatganj fly-over towards Gol Market. The other side of the circle has been left for the vendors.\"Besides, the vendors have to strictly ensure that their stalls are put up leaving a space of at least three feet from the road. Any violation by the vendors would be dealt with strictly,\" Pandey told mediapersons.He said that this plan if implemented will ensure that traffic from Nishatganj flyover to Gol Market and further towards Wireless crossing moves smoothly. \"The enforcement will be effective from this Wednesday,\" the DIG said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12944164", "title": "Exploring ties with everyday objects", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Before dissolving into the background, the objects in the 'Extensive Space' of the canvas leave behind an imprint - hurriedly caught by the minimal strokes of charcoal. Subtle and ephemeral! Exploring the essence ofour fleeting relationships with the everyday objects is what city-based artist Arvind Patel exhibited at Ravishankar Raval Kala Bhavan.\"We often form relationships with inanimate objects. These objects inspire and command my attention. And deciphering their meanings through my work becomes an act of meditation,\" says the artist, who sometimes spends days working on the same painting. \"Thus the surface of the painting is not a background anymore, it is the subject itself.\" Consequently, with over 15 layers, the textures formed on canvas demand the spectator's close inspection.Some objects like the knife repeat frequently in his paintings. \"For me, what an object is called doesn't matter. Its form interests me. Call it kitchen knife or butcher's knife or just an image! A viewer looks at the work from his own cultural baggage lending meanings to it,\" says Patel, who believes that viewing art is an intense process. \"It's like listening to a ghazal time and again. Your relationship and engagement evolves over time.\"Patel won the prestigious Lalit Kala Akademi award in August 2011,the only artist from the state that year. The three-day show which concluded on Monday was a preview to the exhibition to be conducted by the Akademi in New Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12942448", "title": "Gold chain worth Rs 15,000 snatched", "text": "NASHIK: A gold chain worth Rs 15,000 was snatched near Wagh Guruji School on April 29. The police said Shashikala Thombre of Vinay Housing Society, who resides behind the pumping station on Gangapur Road, was walking with her daughter near the school at 8.30 pm, when two youths on a Bajaj Pulsar came from behind and snatched the chain worth Rs 15,000 that she was wearing. A case has been registered with the Gangapur police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12944409", "title": "Yesteryear actress Achla Sachdev no more", "text": "PUNE: Yesteryear actress Achla Sachdev breathed her last after a prolonged illness in the city on Sunday. The 88-year-old actress was ailing and bed-ridden for the last seven months at the Poona Hospital and Research Centre (PHRC).\"Sachdev's condition became extremely critical two days ago, after she aspirated throat secretions that went into her lungs causing respiratory failure. She recovered from it. However, on Sunday, she again went into respiratory failure following aspiration of throat secretions. All attempts to revive her failed and she died at 5.30 pm on Sunday,\" said Sachdev's physician Vinod Shah, who had been tending to her for more than seven months.Sachdev played the beautiful wife of Balraj Sahani in B R Chopra's movie Waqt, for whom he crooned 'Aae Meri Zohrajabeen'. The actress, who worked in 250 films, was last seen in the Hrithik Roshan-Esha Deol starrer Na Tum Jaano Na Hum (2002).Sachdev was a patient of bronchial asthma and had also developed various neurological problems in the last one year. She had undergone a surgery 15 days ago. \"We had put a feeding tube into her stomach so that she could directly be given liquid feeds and proteins.\"The actress had been staying in Pune for the last 40 years and had helped hospitals and NGOs in their various charitable and social causes. She had donated Rs 20 lakh and gifted her sprawling two-bedroom apartment in Pune Camp to the Janaseva Foundation, an NGO run by Shah.\"We have started the Achla Sachdev Institute of Education to train village girls in nursing and other vocational training courses in computers, tailoring, etc.,\" Shah said. \"Achlaji was a generous individual. She was especially keen to work for the upliftment of village girls and wanted to do something for them,\" Shah added.Sachdev had broken her left leg after a fall in her house six months ago. Later, she suffered a brain infraction in which she lost her vision and movements of upper and lower limbs. Since then, she was being treated at the PHRC. \"Brain infraction had rendered her a quadriplegic. Occasionally, she would regain consciousness, but it would last only for a few moments,\" Shah said.Rajeev Nanda, a family friend of Sachdev's, said, \"I had been calling and informing people in the industry, her relatives and friends about her health. It is really sad that an actress who spent a major part of her life working in Hindi films and was even active on television till recently was not even being asked about in the film industry.\"Meanwhile, Nanda said, \"Achlaji was very fond of music. She used to play the sitar. She was a very good Bharatnatyam dancer. She had promoted people like famous ghazal singer Jagjit Singh, when he would perform in private concerts during the initial phase of his career. She even encouraged actress Meena Kumari to sing. I have a cassette from Achalji with recordings of songs sung by Meena Kumari, Jagjit Singh and Kundanlal Sehgal.\"Some of her other films include Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham (2001); Dahek (1999); Dil Kya Kare (1999); Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge (1995), Chandni (1989); Love &amp; God (1986); Mangal Dada (1986); Tumhari Kasam (1978), Amaanat (1977); Chailla Babu (1977), Chandi Sona (1977), Karm (1977), Laila Majnu (1976); Julie (1975), Anamika (1973), Hare Rama Hare Krishna (1971), Heer Ranjha (1970), Mera Naam Joker (1970), Hamraaz (1967) and Shagird (1967).Sachdev is survived by her son Jyotin who is 65 years old and stays in the US. He is a business consultant. \"Jyotin is expected to arrive in Pune on Tuesday. The funeral will take place at the Vaikunth crematorium at 5.30 pm. We will leave the hospital by 5 pm,\" Nanda added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12942406", "title": "Regional transport office to crack down on autos from next week", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik regional transport office (RTO) has given an ultimatum of one week to autorickshaw drivers to ply by meter, failing which they will be penalized. The RTO's gesture comes a week after it was decided that autorickshaw drivers in Nashik city would ply by meter and accomodate upto three passengers only in the vehicle.Over the past week, officials conducted a series of meetings with drivers and union leaders with an aim to persuade them to ply by meter, but in vain. This was despite the upward revision in tariff as a quid pro quo with union leaders to ply by meter.Deputy regional transport officer, Nashik, Jayant Patil said, \"Rickshaw drivers have now got the revised tariff card. Considering the initial hitches and the fear of plying by meter, we have also conducted meetings of autorickshaw drivers at some locations to brief them about the benefits of plying by meter. Rickshaw unions too are conducting meeting and distributing tariff cards to rickshaw drivers. Now, within a week's time, if autorickshaw drivers do not start plying by the meter, we will start taking action against them.\"On April 16, all the rickshaws in the city went off the roads, pressing for their demand of revisions in tariff, which according to them was not revised even after petrol prices increased by Rs 9.Subsequently, a meeting presided over by the district collector took place on April 20, wherein the new tariff card was finalized. The regional transport officers were then of the view that once the tariff card was revised, auto drivers would start charging fare by meter. Though RTO officials expected rickshaws to ply by meter from April 23, nothing of that sort happened, with a large number of rickshaw drivers not getting the new version of the tariff card.Meanwhile, in the past week, while the tariff cards have been made available to rickshaw drivers, RTO officials have also been conducting meetings with rickshaw drivers to make them aware about the benefits of plying by meter and how the city was getting a bad image with rickshaw drivers carrying five to six passengers at a time.Patil said, \"We even gave them examples of how bigger industries in Nashik refrained from coming into the city after watching rickshaw drivers almost stuffing passengers in their vehicles. While a lot of rickshaw drivers have understood the benefits of fare by meter, no one seems to be following the meter on his own.\"Meanwhile, the Shramik Rickshaw Taxi Chalak Malak Sangh also conducted meetings with rickshaw drivers, appealing to them to ply by meter and charge fare as per the share-system on 27 decided routes.As of now, RTO officials have adopted a wait-and-watch policy for a week and they plan to start a crackdown on rickshaw drivers not plying by meter from next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12943166", "title": "Man robbed, abducted in south Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Armed miscreants robbed a person of his car and abducted him at gunpoint at Naroji Nagar in south Delhi before dumping him near the airport area. Suraj Kumar, employed with a private firm and a resident of Sarojini Nagar, was returning home on Sunday night after having dinner with a friend when the incident took place.This comes two days after miscreants robbed five software company employees in just two hours in Mahipalpur. While the accused are on the run, police have formed teams to nab them. Police said a case of robbery and abduction has been registered.Kumar had dropped off his friend at a bus stop around 11:45pm. He was chatting with him there when a black sedan came to a halt in front of them, Kumar told police. One of the persons inside the car asked him about the way to the airport. Kumar, in turn, asked them whether they wanted to go to the domestic or international airport. Enraged by the reply, the miscreants came out of the car yelling they would tell him which airport they had to go to.One of the miscreants, a police source said, whipped out a pistol and pointing it at Kumar, queried why he was asking them about two different airports while there was only one way to it.Meanwhile, two of the miscreants took control of his car and sped away while two others forced him sit in their vehicle and drove towards the airport, Kumar told cops. On their way they robbed him of his belongings and mobile phone, dumped him at an isolated place near the airport area before speeding away towards Gurgaon.Kumar managed to reach a police station several hours after the incident, police said.On seeing Kumar being abducted, his friend immediately made a PCR call, the source said. A message was flashed on the wireless but the miscreants could not be nabbed.In a shocking sequence of events, a south Delhi resident working with a private firm as an executive was robbed of his belonging and his Santro car, then abducted by the assailants in their SX4 car at gun point who took him to an isolated spot in Airport area and dumped him there. The shocking incident has been reported from Safdarjung Enclave area on Sunday night.The socking incident comes to light two days after assailants made a mockery of law in Mahipalpur by committing two back to back robberies with five software company Managers in two hours. The incident, which was committed on the lines of scenes from a bollywood movie, has sent shockwaves in the south Delhi police force and senior officers have reportedly formed several teams to get their hands on the accused persons. A case of robbery under section 392 and kidnapping has been registered and police have begun investigations.The incident took place at a bus stand on the ring road in Naroji Nagar around 11.45pm. The victim, Suraj Kumar, works at a private company in Connaught place and lived with his family in DG Block in Sarojini Nagar. He was returning home after having dinner with his friend in CP who he dropped back near a bus stand in the area near to his house.Kumar was just having a chat about work near the bus stand and his friend was about to go but just then a black SX4 sedan stopped near his car. Kumar told police that one of the person's head popped out and he asked the way to the airport. To this, Kumar asked if they had to go to domestic airport or international airport. The robbers reportedly got infuriated upon this and got out of the car saying they will tell him exactly which airport they had to go to.One of the assailants, a source said, whipped out a pistol and put it to Kumar's neck and asked him why he questioned him about which airport and that there could be only one way to the airport. Kumar told cops that two of the assailants sat in his car and fled from there while the rest two made Kumar sit in their SX4 car and drove towards the airport.On the way, they robbed him of his belongings and mobile phone and dumped him at an isolated place and drove off towards Gurgaon. Kumar managed to reach to the police station somehow after few hours and narrated the incident to cops who were shocked with the incident which robbers committed on a south Delhi stretch.A source also said that while the assailants took away Kumar in their car, his friend had dialed 100 and informed the police control room about the incident. A message regarding the incident had been flashed on the wireless too but to no avail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12948204", "title": "Zenith unveils cloud-based service for Indian mid-sized cos", "text": "NEW DELHI: IT company Zenith Infotech launched its private cloud computing solution 'TigerCloud', mainly for mid-sized organisations in the country, and is targeting about 200 customers in the first year of operations.The company also expects the Indian operations to contribute 10-15 per cent to its revenues in the next 2-3 years.\"TigerCloud will help both mid-sized as well as large organisations to build their own private clouds at costs lower than public clouds,\" Zenith Infotech Chief Executive Officer Akash Saraf told reporters here.Zenith Infotech has invested over Rs 200 crore on R&D; for its private cloud products, he added.Cloud computing refers to a pay-per-use model of computing where applications and software are accessed over the Internet and not owned by users. It helps IT companies to save huge costs as they do not have to invest heavily in IT infrastructure.The company said India's cloud computing market is expected to reach $4.5 billion by 2015 and further grow to $15 billion by 2020.\"We expect to have atleast 200 customers in the first year of operations. Globally, we have done 6,000 implementations in about past year-and-a-half. Although going forward our major revenues will come from outside India, we expect the country to contribute 10-15 per cent to our revenues in next two-three years,\" Saraf said.TigerCloud is based on Intel Xeon E3 processor family. Intel Managing Director South Asia (Sales and Marketing Group) Debjani Ghosh said, \"SMBs with limited resources, and who would like access to the cloud in order to stay productive and agile, will benefit from TigerCloud based on Intel Xeon E3 processors.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12943566", "title": "48-yr-old held for stabbing wife to death", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bhandup police arrested a 48-year-old man for allegedly stabbing his wife to death at their Khindipada residence in Bhandup (W) on Monday. Mahaveer Hulungre told the police that he killed his wife Lata (42) as she did not obey him and continued having an illicit relationship with a man from the locality for two years.The accused left home in the morning on the pretext of going to work but went to shops in Bhandup and Mulund to buy a big chopper to kill his wife.\"Hulungre returned home around 4pm, had a scuffle with his wife, and repeatedly stabbed her before surrendering,\" said Bhandup police senior inspector Shrirang Nadgauda. Hulungre surrendered after stabbing his wife eight times and slitting her throat, at 4.30pm.Nadgauda said Hulungre had planned the killing for 15 days. \"Hulungre was fed up with her behaviour despite having three well-educated children. He said her behaviour had ruined their reputation in the locality,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12946168", "title": "Two groups clash in Wadi", "text": "VADODARA: Tension gripped Pratapnagar area on Sunday night when two groups came to blows with each other over a minor issue. Cross complaints were registered in the case wherein two groups belonging to different communities attacked each other with weapons. According to Tosif Sheikh, a resident of Dabhoi Road, the accused intercepted him near Pratapnagar bridge and entered into heated argument with him over an accident that had happened earlier.Sheikh said, the accused abused him following which he called up his brother Asif. However, the accused attacked him and his brother with a sword. Sheikh also told the cops that one of the accused even rushed to him with a revolver. He registered a case against five people. The clash led to tension in the area on Sunday night. In the same case, Nandu Verma, a resident of Dabhoi Road, has registered a complaint against three persons.According to Verma, he rushed to Pratapnagar area when he learnt that Sheikh was threatening his brother Shatru Verma. Verma too told the police that he and his brother were beaten up and attacked with sword by the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12942839", "title": "Delhi Metro Rail Corporation gives nod for bridges connecting Goshree Islands", "text": "KOCHI: The Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) on Monday gave in-principal nod to construct three bridges on the proposed four-lane Moolampilly-Chathanad Road. DMRC principal advisor E Sreedharan announced the decision after inspecting the proposed sites for the project.Sreedharan said that DMRC was willing to take up the project, and that the documentation works would be completed in a month. \"We are ready to implement this project taking into consideration the development of the city and Goshree islands,\" he said.\"Since the Goshree Islands Development Authority (Gida) has enough funds for the project and has already got approval from the state government, we do not expect any delay in completing the project. If the authorities complete the land acquisition procedures at the earliest, DMRC will complete the construction of bridges in three years,\" he said.The project for a four-lane road connecting the islands of Moolampilly, Pizhala, Valiya Kadamakkudi and Chathanad was approved at a Gida meeting in January. Following a request from Gida to take up construction activities, a high-level committee of DMRC visited the site last month.According to the plan, DMRC will undertake construction of three main bridges - the 180-m Moolampilly-Pizhala Bridge, the 230-m Pizhala-Valiya Kadamakudy Bridge and the 350-m Valiya Kadamakudy-Chathanad Bridge. Along with this, the agency will also construct a smaller bridge at Pizhala.The proposed road will be 4.5 km long, 22 m wide and will have 15 to 18 culverts. The project cost is expected to be about Rs 97.2 crore.Once constructed, the road will link Chathanad with the container terminal road at Vallarpadam through Moolampilly. Kadamakudy panchayat will derive maximum benefit as it will provide them an easy link with Ernakulam city through the container terminal road.The state review committee had sent the project to the ministry of environment and forests for clearance, which was later forwarded to the Kerala Coastal Zone Management Authority for further studies. In the meantime, people's representatives from the area and Gida initiated discussions with the locals for acquiring land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12945634", "title": "Briton wants to undergo sex change at 80", "text": "LONDON: A nearly 80-year-old British grandpa is set to undergo a \u00a313,500 sex change operation that will make him the oldest person in the UK to have the procedure.Ruth Rose, a former Royal Air Force (RAF) officer and a grandad of four said that he dreamed of becoming a woman from the age of nine. But it is only now, nearly 70 years on and after a successful flying career, that he plans to go ahead.\"It's gorgeous to be who I am at long last. My life has blossomed beyond all recognition since I made the decision,\" six-foot tall Ruth, of Newhaven, East Sussex was quoted by the Sun as saying. Ruth, who earlier used to be called James is the father of three and will be 79 next month, decided to live fully as a woman in public two years ago.Despite his age, doctors have scheduled the National Health Service operation for October next year, after he turns 80, at London's Charing Cross Hospital.In the meantime, he is being treated with NHS-prescribed hormone therapy. \"I just want to get on with it. I'm old enough not to bother about sex. The modern climate is one of understanding and tolerance so you don't have to pretend you are something you're not,\" Ruth said. He wed in 1961, had a son and two daughters, and later worked as engineer.But from 1970s James began to spend more time as Ruth, dressing as a woman. \"My wife found out, which was embarrassing , but from that point I was open about it,\" he said. The couple divorced in 2003 after 42 years of marriage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12949487", "title": "Pawan to play journo", "text": "Power star Pawan Kalyan has ditched the gun for a pen!Yes , you heard it right. The actor, who loves to make action films, will be seen in a completely different avatar - that of a journo. Director Puri Jagannadh is all set to direct Pawan Kalyan in the forthcoming film, \"Cameraman Gangatho Rambabu\" where Pawan will play the role of a journo. Buzz in the trade circles is high as industry watchers say this movie will be \"special\" in Pawan's career, as he is attempting something very different from what he has done earlier.For someone who loves to pull out a gun in every film, it will be interesting to see how Pawan Kalyan fares in the role of a journo.Source www.gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12944576", "title": "\u2018We keep to ourselves for safety\u2019", "text": "GURGAON: The discrimination faced by the northeastern community in the Delhi-NCR region is under focus following the alleged suicide of Dana Silva M Sangma, Meghalaya's chief minister Mukul Sangma's niece.TOI caught up with some members of the community in Chakkarpur and Sikanderpur in the city. More than 1,000 northeastern families live in these areas.It is a double-edged sword for the women because they bear the brunt of the gender as well as community bias.Chandramala, a Manipuri woman with a corporate job, has been staying in Delhi-NCR region for the past seven years. She said: \"I'm at times called names like \"Chinki, Chinese, Momos, etc while walking on the streets. I have had traumatic experiences, where in spite of being in front of the police station or being in a crowd I got no help from anyone.\"She recalled that three years ago, a tea stall owner misbehaved with her right in front of the police station and yet the police did not take any action. Whether being mocked for her language skills or being fleeced by autorickshaw drivers or being asked out or stared at for no reason, she has faced it all.Commenting on the common perception that they interact only with each other, Chandramala said \"Most of us prefer to stay in communities because of the treatment we get outside and for our security.\"\"However\", Chandramala said, \"there is less discrimination in the corporate sector and institutes of higher education because people are educated and think beyond superficial appearances, which is not to say there is no discrimination at all. Laymen don't understand the term, northeastern Indians. Anyone with Mongoloid features is still called a 'Nepali' or 'Chinese' and treated like someone who doesn't belong here, a foreigner.\"Parimal too has a similar story to share. Hailing from Siliguri, West Bengal, he came to Delhi, just like his other colleagues to earn a good living. But the harsh reality awaited him in Gurgaon. He said, \"People don't behave properly with us just because we come from a particular region. Sometimes when we make a mistake we are scolded and at times even beaten.\" He added, \"It is primarily for good education and better salaries that we come here.\"Madhu Chandra, PRO (All-India Christian Council), North-East Support Centre &amp; Helpline, said: \"In Gurgaon we don't have any student organization like in Delhi University but we do have a voluntary organization, North-East Welfare Association formed by the different tribes from the North-East. We now need a collective organization. We have tried to sensitize the northeastern people by telling them to be cautious at night and avoid coming out of their homes at night.\"He said, \"Almost half the cases of sexual molestation and discrimination against the northeastern happen in the Sikanderpur area of Gurgaon. We have even complained to the director general of police. But the situation is still the same.\"However, the residents of Chakkarpur village, which houses more than 150 northeastern families, have a different story to tell. Arbaaz Ahmed, who runs a juice shop for 12 years, said: \"They stay confined to their own community and rarely talk with us. Even the regular customers don't interact at all.\" Several others in Chakkarpur echoed Ahmed's observation, oblivious to the possibility that the community might have withdrawn into its shell because of the way people treat them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "khambha(amreli)", "code": "12945359", "title": "Jim Corbett National Park: Uttarakhand bans high decibel noise around the sanctuary", "text": "KHAMBHA(AMRELI): Tigers in the Jim Corbett National Park can finally rest in peace with Uttarakhand recently banning high decibel noise within 500m around the sanctuary after complaints that noisy parties and marriages were disturbing the animals. But the handful of Asiatic lions in Mityala Wildlife Sanctuary in Amreli are not that lucky. Forget loud parties, they have to live with the sound of sporadic gunshots a stone's throw from their abode.The Amreli district police has a firing range less than half a kilometre from the sanctuary. An application filed under Right to Information Act (RTI) by Vimalsinh Rathod, a wildlife enthusiast from Khambha, revealed the police regularly holds arms training at this hilly spot.While Mityala was declared a wildlife sanctuary in 2004, the firing range has been there for the past 11 years. Rathod says the range should have been shifted as soon as the sanctuary was notified.\"Lions regularly come close to the firing range,\" Rathod said. \"My RTI query revealed the forest department did not find it necessary to give permission for the range as it was a matter between two government departments.\"A senior forest department officer said, \"Besides the sound of gunfire, police officials ensure lions don't enter the range when training is in progress. This restricts their natural movement.\"Vipul Laheri, honorary wildlife warden of Amreli, said, \"Ideally, the area should be declared a silence zone. In the past too, this issue was debated when wildlife activists objected to the range.\" Laheri is also a member of Lion Conservation Society, Gujarat.R L Meena, chief conservator of forests (wildlife division), Junagadh circle, said that earlier there was no lion movement in the area. \"We will observe the situation now and if we find the firing range is disturbing the lions, we will request the government to take an appropriate action.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12944616", "title": "250 full-grown trees get new lease of life at DLF Golf Course", "text": "GURGAON: Over 250 full-grown trees were transplanted in the Golf Course area in Gurgaon on Monday. Most of these trees are 15 to 20 years old and are around 25 to 30 feet high.Aakash Ohri, head, Golf and Infrastructure, DLF, said, \"As a part of a major infrastructure upgradation in the Phase 5 area, we were required to clear a stretch of road with fully mature trees. We took a conscious decision not to cut a single tree, took the forest department's permission and employed significant financial and physical resources to carefully preserve and transplant these at another location. Apart from these trees, we are also planting over 5,000 additional trees in this area.\"A tree-transplantation expert was especially flown-in from Australia for the purpose and over Rs 1.25 crore has been spent for transplanting the full-grown trees within the property.A qualified and specialized landscape agency, Samak Landscape, was also involved. High-end machinery and advanced technology was used to transplant these trees on Monday and care was taken to ensure that the root structure of the trees was not disturbed, while they were being moved.Equipment like large canes, Hydras and JCBs, excavators and transport trucks to lift and transplant the trees were used during the process. A state-of-the-art misting irrigation system was installed to create a more favourable environment during the tree healing process. The transplantation contractor has also been retained to provide post-transplant maintenance and for ensuring long-term survivability of the trees.Atul Vashisth, the MD of Samak Landscape Pvt. Ltd and a horticulturist, said, \"The procedure was meticulously planned and executed, which ensured that more than 95% of the trees survived the day.\"This is a huge success as we have been able to retain the shape and structure of the plant without much pruning. Newly-planted trees need to be taken care of, so that their relocation is successful. All new transplants are watered immediately and care is taken to ensure that plants are free of insects and diseases.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12944913", "title": "Plan panel group suggests setting up of green fund", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government should set up a 'green fund' by imposing 5% forest development tax on sale of forest products and 3% forest conservation tax on sale of petroleum products and coal mining, the 12th Five-Year Plan working group under Planning Commission on natural resources has recommended.Another sub group working on environment and forests has backed a similar approach, recommending an economy-wide green tax regime to blend in with the Goods and Services Tax that the government is pushing.While these are not the final proposals from the Planning Commission, the reports of the working group are relied upon while taking a final decision.The expert group has recommended, \"Initially, a fee of at least 5% on the value of the services generated from dams/power generation, oil/gas/coal may be stipulated in forest clearance of projects under Forest (Conservation) Act 1980.\"The sub-group noted, \"The ministry of environment and forests has been advocating use of eco-taxes and eco-subsidies for effective management of the environment in the country. It is felt that it is an appropriate time to introduce a GST that is well integrated with environmental tax reforms.\"The panel noted that green tax regimes militate against some basic principles of GST like uniform single rates. The panel said the incidence of pollution was regionally differentiated and states needed to have autonomy to levy non-rebatable eco-taxes on inputs and outputs.Wary of sending out a signal that the imposition of new taxes could increase the overall incidence of tax on production of goods, the panel said, \"Such reforms while facilitating green shift in taxation, need not result in an increase in the overall tax burden.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12947527", "title": "Review: Huawei Honor", "text": "NEW DELHI: The name Huawei may not ring a bell for most phone buyers in India, but it is a huge multinational firm. The company is among the leading manufacturers of telecom equipment in the world and in the recent years has become a big player in phone and tablet market.Gartner, a market research firm, said in February that Huawei had 2.3% share in 2011 in smartphone market worldwide. This put it marginally ahead of Motorola and Sony Ericsson.After some success in its home country - China - the firm has started expanding operations abroad. Due to similarities in Indian and Chinese phone market - both are developing countries and price sensitive - consumers here are obvious targets for Huawei. Last year, it had tested the waters here with Ideos range of phones. This year it is more assertive. It has already launched Honor, a mid-range Android phone, and plans to bring Ascend D, the flagship device, soon.We have Honor with us today. With this phone, Huawei promises consumers best-in-class features at most competitive price. Not an easy promise to fulfill, we know. Let's find out if Honor can take on the competition in mid-range smartphone market.Looks good on paper Honor may not have superstar looks but it's not shabby either. The design is classic candy bar. It has a plastic body with two buttons - power and volume rocker - given chrome finish. Under the 4-inches screen, which has a resolution of 480 x 854 pixels, there are four touch buttons for Options, Home, Back and Search. The back cover, which has a textured finish, can be removed to access SIM slot and battery.With a thickness of 11mm and a weight of 140grams, there is nothing striking about Honor. But at the same time, it is functional design, which makes using the device very easy.Honor is powered by a single-core 1.4Ghz processor. It has 512MB RAM and 4GB storage, with option to add a micro SD card. The highlight of the device is 8MP primary camera with a LED flash. The phone can record videos in up to 720P resolution. A 2MP camera is provided for video chats.User experienceIn terms of hardware, Honor is better many mid-range phone. But after using it for weeks, we feel that the hardware advantage has not translated into the user experience that can put Honor ahead of the pack. Let us elaborate.For most parts, Honor acts like a nice mid-range Android phones. This means it may not dazzle you with speed and superfast user interface but for all practical purposes the performance is adequate. Apps open without any lag, casual games like Angry Birds work very well, GPS locks in a snap, browsing experience is pleasant, and call quality is good. Media playback is average with the phone failing to play several file formats, like the ones encoded with DivX, but that is acceptable from a mid-range phone. Honor's speaker, though, is very loud considering its size.But there are two aspects that stand out. One for good reasons and another for, well, not being up to the mark.Good news first. The 8MP pixels camera in Honor punches above its weight. The photograph taken with it have decent amount of details and balanced colours. It doesn't perform very well in low-light but it is all same with most midrange smartphones. Videos shot in 720P resolution are acceptable.Now, the bad news. Honor's 4-inch screen is disappointing. It shows good colours and is sufficiently bright until you are not standing in sunlight. Viewing angles could have been better but they will not be any issue for most buyers. The problem is with the screen's touch sensitivity, which is a tad slow. It is not as slow or bad as what found on sub-10K phones but then Honor is not competing with these phones. While in many tasks - for example web browsing - it doesn't affect the user experience, playing games like Temple Run, which require flawless touch sensitivity, is difficult on Honor.Another problem with screen is 'ghosting'. It is especially apparent if you are using a Twitter app. While scrolling through timeline, display pictures of contacts leave traces. Ghosting may not be a problem in most cases but if it occurs - in our case it was during Twitter use - it will bug users.Battery life is good. When used for emails, Twitter, some photography, some gaming, some calls and lots of browsing the phone lasted over 10 hours on 3G connection.Worth its priceHuawei Honor is a decent phone for its price. Screen could have been better but given its good performance and a decent camera for still pictures, our experience with Honor wasn't bad. At the same time, it is not the kind of experience that can make us give Honor a clear recommendation. The phone has an MRP of Rs 19,999. At this price, its primary competitors are HTC One V, Samsung Galaxy S Plus, Sony Ericsson Neo V and Nokia Lumia 710.If you are out in the market, looking for a mid-range smartphone, you should definitely consider Honor. Just that before buying it, make sure you demo it at the store to see if you are comfortable with the touch response or not.Pros: Good camera for still photographs, lag-free performanceCons: Screen touch sensitivity is not optimum, out-of-box runs on Gingerbread and not Ice cream sandwich, the latest version of Android", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12944625", "title": "Schools miffed with fee structure", "text": "MANGALORE: The district administration on Monday got an idea of the difficulties faced by schools in implementing the Right to Education Act ( RTE) at a meeting called to discuss the steps to be taken to enforce the act effectively.Speaking at the meeting deputy commissioner NS Channappa Gowda directed aided and unaided primary school representatives that rules mentioned in the circular issued by the department of public instructions on December 8, 2011, should be followed strictly. \"The schedule for admission process mentioned in the circular should be followed by the management of all aided and unaided primary schools,\" he added.As per the circular, schools should start distributing application forms from April 20 and the third final list of students to be admitted should be published on May 16. However, it was found during a visit conducted by the representatives of various organizations including Ahinda, an organization of backward, minority and dalits, and Federation of Education Resource Centres to schools that many institutions did not adhere to the rules properly and some institutions had already admitted students flouting the directions in the circular.Meanwhile, aided and unaided primary school management representatives raised objections to several rules in the circular. They pointed out that the fee structure mentioned in the circular is unscientific. Dakshina Kannada and Udupi English Medium Schools Association president Mohammed Beary said that the maximum fee prescribed by the department is not based on scientific calculation. \"School managements find it difficult to run schools as there is no source of income. We have to pay salary to teachers and spend money to develop buildings and other infrastructure. We have invested money without expecting any returns and we do not find any rational in the fee structure imposed by the department,\" Mohammed said.It was also brought to the notice of the district administration at the meeting that many unaided schools run by the minorities have no recognition from the government. The DC said that action will be taken to include such institutions in the list of minority unaided schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12943285", "title": "Kalindi road traffic nightmare for drivers", "text": "NOIDA: It's one bumpy ride from Noida to Kalindi Kunj along the Okhla barrage which connects Noida, Delhi, Ghaziabad and Faridabad. This narrow road with broken dividers and potholes has traffic crawling at a snail's pace making it a nightmarish driving experience. The road is plagued with traffic jams, especially during peak hours, complain regular commuters. However, authorities have done little to address their woes.The bridge - a vital link between South Delhi and Noida - was constructed around 25 years ago. No major repair work has been carried out since then. This two-lane link road connecting Noida with areas like Kalindi Kunj and Mathura Road cannot cope with the volume of traffic. The road is heavily damaged on both the sides and the divider on Yamuna Bridge is broken. Just a few steps ahead, traffic comes to a grinding halt on a daily basis since the road narrows down to single lane. What's worse is that there is massive encroachment on both sides of the road even as a police post in the vicinity stands in mute testimony to administrative apathy.District administration officials claim they cannot do much as the road comes under the jurisdiction of the Uttar Pradesh Irrigation Department. \"The barrage was opened to traffic way back in 1986. Since then it has witnessed a tremendous increase in vehicle pressure and is in dire need of repair,\" said an official of the irrigation department. \"We employ temporary measures of filling up the potholes so that vehicles do not get damaged. But, unfortunately, they don't last long as the stretch encounters heavy traffic volume,\" said the official.In January, the irrigation department had written to the Gautam Budh Nagar SP (Traffic) and to authorities in Delhi to take immediate steps for a makeover. Repair work was to be taken up in phases on both sides of the carriageway, but little has been done towards the revamp.Commuters using the route on a daily basis are at their tether's end wondering when they will be able to reach their destinations in time. \"A 50-metre stretch of road in front of the Okhla Bird Sanctuary gate is badly damaged. This slows down vehicles considerably leading to a logjam,\" said Avdhesh Kumar Singh, who commutes from Faridabad to Noida. \"The entire road is full of potholes. The situation worsens during the monsoon. It is a nightmare driving here during peak hours,\" said Singh. \"I have never seen any maintenance work being carried out on this road,\" said Ajay Sharma, who uses the route to go to Sarita Vihar.\"Fruit and vegetable vendors are also responsible for creating unending traffic snarls as people stop to buy their wares and bring the traffic to a standstill,\" complained another commuter. \"The traffic police hardly bothers about controlling the traffic, let alone remove the vendors,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12943302", "title": "Fifty women cops deployed to secure city", "text": "NOIDA: Rising instances of crime against women in the city has prompted the Gautam Budh Nagar police to deploy more women cops at busy spots like malls, Metro stations and industrial areas to provide more security.Recently, 50 women personnel were inducted in the district police force and the senior superintendent of police has decided to post these cops at all \"vulnerable spots\" across the city prone to crime against women.\"In order to make women feel safe and the police more approachable, we have decided to deploy more women police personnel at crowded spots as well as on the less frequented roads and bylanes, especially after sunset,\" said a senior police official. \"These personnel will keep a close watch for miscreants and help avoid instances of eve teasing, harassment and other crimes against women,\" added the SSP.\"Currently, not many women cops are seen on the roads. But we want to change that. The Mahila Thana head has been directed to apprise these personnel of what they are required to do and we will arrange for a training module for them as well,\" said the SSP.According to the police, soon, women cops will also be deployed in the PCR vehicles. Currently, the city has just one all women's police station managed by around 30 personnel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12944156", "title": "Nancy Powell meets CM", "text": "KOLKATA: Nancy Powell, the US ambassador, met chief minister Mamata Banerjee and Governor M K Narayanan on Monday ahead of US secretary of state Hillary Clinton's visit next week.Powell, who had earlier served as the US consul-general in Kolkata, said she was amazed by the new energy in the state. \"I am looking forward to welcoming the secretary of state to Kolkata. She has been to Kolkata before, but many years ago. I think this visit will be an opportunity for her to see firsthand how much this city and eastern India have transformed and what a bright future lies ahead,\" Powell said in a statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12944792", "title": "National Eligibility Test online application submission date extended", "text": "INDORE: In a major respite to aspirants facing problems in submitting online application form for National Eligibility Test (NET), the University Grants Commission has extended the last date for filing online application to May 2.The students were facing technical problems in submitting the form online and the last date for it was Monday. On the last day, Devi Ahilya Vishwavidhyalaya (DAVV) officials received many complaints from the worried students saying that they were unable to submit the application online due to technical problems.One of the student, Rajeev Patidar, said, \"I have been trying to submit application form online but due to some technical problem, I could not submit it till the last day. Today was last day, so I came to the varsity to see whether there is any other way to submit it. The news on the extension of the deadline gave an end to my fears.\"Another student said that though the UGC has extended the date for submitting online application, technical problems still persisted. \"Extending dates will not help until the technical problems are solved,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12944420", "title": "Defence secretary pleads helplessness at delays in arms purchase process", "text": "NEW DELHI: The defence ministry expressed sheer helplessness before the parliamentary standing committee on India's long-winded arms procurement procedures, admitting there were delays at every stage on account of both military personnel as well as bureaucrats.''I would say that though it's an integrated procurement system, the delays are there and I cannot pinpoint exactly who is guilty or who is not guilty,'' defence secretary Shashikant Sharma told the committee.Delays creep in at the very first stage of issuing RFI (request for information) and formulation of GSQRs (general staff qualitative requirements) by the armed forces. ''There are cases where GSQRs have been formulated, reformulated, again formulated and it takes months,'' said Sharma.The procurement procedures lay down that the subsequent RFPs (request for proposals) should be drafted in four weeks. But, citing an analysis done for the Army, the defence secretary said it was taking nine months on an average.The technical evaluation takes at least six months instead of three months and the staff evaluation a minimum of 18 months - two to three times more than the norm. ''Then, there are cases where RFPs are issued but are rejected,'' he said, adding as many as 41 Army RFPs were rejected in a particular timeframe due to ''faulty GSQRs and vendor analysis''.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12945868", "title": "25% Bangalore children have asthma", "text": "BANGALORE: Changing demographics, ever-increasing air pollution, air-conditioned houses and offices and different dietary habits have increased the prevalence of asthma - one of the most dangerous respiratory disorders - in Bangalore. A study by the Institute of Medical Education and Research across four Indian cities -Delhi , Chandigarh, Kanpur and Bangalore- reported asthma prevalence in adults at 3.47% in 2011. About 10% adults in Bangalore are said to be suffering from asthma, according to pulmonologists.A study conducted by Lakeside Medical Center and Hospital and its team of pulmonologists between 1979 and 2009 concluded there is a three-fold rise in asthma cases among children. Said Dr H Paramesh, director, Lakeside Medical Center and a paediatric pulmonologist: \"About 9% children were found to be suffering from asthma in 1979. In 2009, we found 25.5% children suffering from it.\" In adults, the present prevalence is about 10%, he added.What's more worrying, added Paramesh, is the prevalence of persistent asthma (which needs medication ) among children has gone up to 72.5%. \"We must blame the changed weather conditions, increased air pollution level and eating habits for it. Also, houses , offices and schools nowadays lack ventilation. People, especially children, prefer junk food over freshly cooked home food. All these have contributed to the rise in number of cases,\" he said.Said Dr Vishwanth Bellad, consultant, pulmonologist, BGS Global Hospitals : \"Asthma is commonly seen in younger people, the majority in the age group of less than 20 years. The symptoms are more visible during childhood, but no age is immune to asthma.Bangalore is more vulnerable to this disease because of the climatic conditions as it rains almost through the year and the air density is low.\"\"Asthma is constantly on the rise in Bangalore. We can blame it on more greenery, which generates pollens, the main source of allergy. Also, people are more exposed to environmental pollution which increases respiratory disorders,\" said Dr Sumant Mantri, consultant, pulmonologist , Apollo Hospital.What can lead to it\"Genetic and environment factors can trigger asthma in children. The gene Adam 33 is said to be responsible for someone contracting asthma . If a child, who has an aggressive Adam 33 gene is exposed to unhygienic conditions, pollution , etc. then the chances of her contracting asthma increases. It can be treated by oral medications like steroids and by using inhalers ,\" said Dr Hirenanappa, pulmonologist, Columbia Asia Hospital.Higher morbidity, less mortalitySaid Dr H Paramesh: \"The morbidity of asthma is said to be highest as it spreads fast among people who are allergic to certain kind of smells, food or weather. But, the mortality rate due to asthma is just 1.2% in India. Globally, it is between 1-4 %.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12944507", "title": "Chowgule takes higher secondary section issue to High Court; state told to reply", "text": "PANAJI: The management of the Parvatibai Chowgule College of Arts and Science, Margao, has approached the high court of Bombay at Goa challenging the state's rejection of its application to shut down its higher secondary section.The institute had sought permission to shut down the section in a phased manner from academic year 2012-13.On Monday morning, the writ petition filed by Chowgule Education Society came up for hearing before a division bench of Justice A P Lavande and Justice U V Bakre.The court subsequently issued notices to the Goa Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education and directed the government to file its reply by May 7, the next date of hearing.The petitioner has submitted that the college is in the process of introducing several new post-graduate courses in accordance with its goals to upgrade its courses over the next 50 years.The existing infrastructure is therefore under pressure and the college is facing space constraints due to the HSS section, the petitioner has stated.At this rate the college will not be able to reach its goals due to the difficulty created by space constraints, the college has pointed out.The petitoner's lawyer, senior advocate Saresh Lotlikar, further, argued that the college had initially started the HSS section on a temporary basis after receiving a request from the state government in 1975, as there was a shortage of such schools in South Goa.The petitioner pointed out that the college should now be allowed to close down its HSS section as the directorate of education (DoE) has recently granted permission to three institutes based in Margao-Mushtifund Aryaan, Vidhya Vikas Academy and Manovikas Trust-to start their own higher secondary schools from the forthcoming academic year.At this point, additional government advocate Dattaprasad Lawande prayed for time to file an appropriate reply to the petition.In March this year, the DoE had rejected the college's application to close down its HSS section on grounds that it would be prejudicial to the interests of education and the student community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12944005", "title": "Expert to check 12-car work on harbour line", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai Rail Vikas Corporation (MRVC) will appoint a Project Management Consultant (PMC) to upgrade Harbour line services from 9-car to 12-car, which includes work like platform extension.The work will also include changes in location of signals and altering the Over Head Equipment. MRVC expects to complete the project within 24 months after the work begins on ground. It is likely to appoint a PMC agency by mid-June.A senior MRVC official said, \"We will carry out the overall monitoring of the project. But the PMC will supervise works carried out by contractors. They will have to report to MRVC about the progress of work to ensure execution of work in time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12944371", "title": "Two passports to same person set off security alarm", "text": "KOLKATA: The bizarre coexistence of two passport systems in the city has delivered exactly what security agencies feared most - multiple passports to the same person.Manoj Ginodia, an employee at a trading firm in Burrabazar and a passport-holder for the last 25 years, now holds another passport that bears his name and date of birth - April 28, 1964 - but carries the photograph of a little boy. The detection of a multiple passport-holder comes just four days after a report in Times City on April 26 highlighted how two passport processing systems in the city that do not share data with each other were proving a nightmare for security agencies.Ginodia received his second passport this March. Though personal details like name, place of birth and date of birth are same on both documents, Ginodia's original passport bears his signature while the one with the little boy's photograph has a thumb impression. The original passport was issued on May 4, 2011 and the other on February 2, 2012.\"I applied for a renewal and received the fresh passport in June 2011. But I never applied for this second passport. All details on both passports are correct, except the photographs,\" Ginodia said on Monday. Aware that the duplicate passport was a security threat both for the country and himself, he decided to report the matter to the authorities. But even as a senior official at the Regional Passport Office (RPO) said a thorough probe would be conducted, security agencies did not rule out the existence of many such multiple passport-holders and the possibility of the documents being misused.Relieved that his trauma was finally over, Ginodai said, \"I would have landed in jail by this time had my passport reached some criminal's hand.\"The two parallel passport processing systems came into existence because the Passport Seva Kendra (PSK) was unable to serve a large number of applicants and the Central Passport Organization (CPO) had to open extra counters. These counters used the NIC software of the CPO, though the new passport kendra is run by TCS. A senior CPO official said there was no data-sharing between the two systems. Police and passport officials said lack of data-sharing was just one security lapse and urged an overhaul of the system used by the PSK, citing security loopholes.Ginodia says he got his passport done through a travel agent. When he applied last year, the PSK was yet to be started. \"I contacted a Bentinck Street travel agent to get my passport as I needed to travel to Bangkok urgently. I received my passport in June, within 40 days of applying,\" he said.A senior RPO official said, \"This should not have happened at all. We will investigate it.\" Under the new system, printing of passports is automatic - once the police update the status of verification reports as \"clear\", the passport is allotted and printed by the system. \"Passport-signing authorities are not provided with the relevant files,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12944390", "title": "'You can control your asthma'", "text": "NAGPUR: When banker Sharda Shendre (name changed) was told she had asthma, she was scared that the disease would render her inactive and unfit for her job. True to her fears, she had one attack per week on an average, making it difficult for her to continue work. Similar fears led business executive Ratan to take a voluntary retirement from his job.With proper treatment, regular medication and some alertness during winter, both Sharda and Ratan are leading a normal life with no need of compromising on professional or social commitments. Till a few years ago, people believed that once diagnosed, the disease only worsens.Doctors, however say that in most cases, it is possible to reverse the effects of the disease. City medicos asserted the theme for this year's World Asthma Day that falls on the first Tuesday of May every year - 'You can control your asthma'.\"In the last few years, maximum cases are dealt with in the OPDs, bringing down the rate of admission into hospitals by half,\" said Dr Ashok Arbat, pulmonologist and managing director of KRIMS hospital. With the availability of better medication that do not have any side-effects and increasing awareness among people about the usage of inhalers have also helped in improving the quality of life of the patients, he said. In patients with mild or moderate forms of the disease, the effects can be reversed in most cases,\" he added.The chances of reversal of the effects are much higher if the disease is diagnosed in children below the age of twelve after which they can only be controlled, said pulmonolgist Dr Rajesh Swarnakar, director of Getwell Hospital. \"Today, asthma patients cannot only lead a normal but an active life,\" he stressed. \"If the right treatment is pursued, it can be assured that the patients show the least symptoms and do not have to remain absent from school or office because of an attack,\" he said. He warned that one precaution that asthma patients should always take is taking vaccines against seasonal flus.However, chest physician Dr Nainesh Patel believes that the awareness about the sophisticated treatment modalities is yet to reach the common man. \"Most times, the general physicians are not aware of the ways to provide long-term benefit to the patients. If patients themselves chose long-term benefits over quick relief, things can improve a lot,\" he said.\"Right medication taken in the right quantity at the right time is the trick to tackle asthma,\" said chest physician Dr Meenakshi Ghadge. She believes that she has seen the percentage of population affected by the disease increase over the past decade. \"This can be attributed to increased stress levels, pollution and urbanization that are the offshoots of modern way of life,\" she said.Precautions for asthma patients:Maintain the medication scheduleMake healthier lifestyle choices by including the right food habits and regular exerciseAvoid smoking and alcohol consumptionStick to one doctor as far as possible and visit him regularlyIdentify your triggers and keep away from themTake ACT (Asthma Control Test) regularly to assess the severity of the disease", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12945536", "title": "Black badge protest today", "text": "Union leader Sharad Rao said most autorickshaws across the suburbs would sport black flags and drivers would wear black badges/armbands on Tuesday to protest against the stringent provisions of the Maharashtra Essential Services Maintenance Act.Rao has also submitted a memorandum in the governor's office, demanding withdrawal of the provisions. Autos will be available on the roads on Tuesday.\"Not just auto drivers, but dock, municipal workers , industrial employees etc will also observe a peaceful protest on May 1,\" he said.\"We will begin with a peaceful protest, but it will gain momentum in the coming days,\" Rao said, adding that it had nothing to do with e-meters or a fare hike.Under the new act, it will be difficult for auto drivers to protest aggressively in future as any strike will mean a jail term of six months. The law will also provide a clause for a year's imprisonment for anybody who instigates workers to go on strike (in this case, the union leader).Sources said some drivers planned to distribute pamphlets condemning the state's move to make the law stringent. The Rao-led Mumbai Autorickshawmen's Union will hold a meeting this week to decide on its list of demands, which will then be placed before the Hakim committee. The union said it was likely to submit the list by May 10.\"We want to submit demands for a fare hike formula for the entire state,\" said Shashank Rao, executive committee member of the union.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "12944475", "title": "Congress's Amrutkar becomes first mayor of Chandrapur", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Congress led coalition grabbed power in Chandrapur Municipal Corporation (CMC) on Monday. Congress corporator Sangita Amrutkar was elected the first mayor of Chandrapur while Shiv Sena corporator Sandeep Awari was elected deputy mayor. Both the candidates of Lokshahi Aghadi secured clean victory with a margin of 26 votes in the 66-member House. BJP with 18 corporators was left alone as NCP abstained from voting while remaining corporators of Shiv Sena, BSP, Bharip-BMS, MNS and independents struck alliance with Congress.Collector Vijay Waghmare supervised the election process as presiding officer. As many as seven candidates from Congress including Amrutkar, Sunita Lodiya, Veena Khanke, Shilpa Ambekar, Sakina Ansari, Anita Kathde and Sunita Agrawal filed nomination for mayor's post. Six withdrew in support of Amrutkar. BJP pitched its corporator Sushma Nagose for mayor's election.Amrutkar got 44 votes as all 26 corporators of Congress and 18 allies in Lokshahi Aghadi alliance voted for her. Nagose bagged 18 votes, all of BJP corporators. Hushed by higher-ups, NCP remained neutral and abstained from voting. CMC's first mayor's seat was reserved for OBC women category. Amrutkar is wife of former councillor Gopal Amrutkar.For deputy mayor's post Shiv Sena corporator Sandeep Awari (from Lokshahi Aghadi) was pitted against BJP's Anup Poreddiwar. Awari got 44 while Poreddiwar 18. The elections for standing committee and co-op members were withheld till next meeting, which will be held after a fortnight. Lokshahi Aghadi is now ruling party in CMC, while BJP and NCP are in apposition.Amrutkar assured of clean and development oriented administration in the CMC. \"People have voted us to power for development. I will ensure rapid and unhindered development of the town,\" she said.Deputy mayor Awari claimed that they have joined hands with Congress for sake of development of Chandrapur. \"If we had gone with BJP we wouldn't have been in power. We were keen to share power in people's interest, hence joined Congress led alliance,\" he said.Later Congress and Shiv Sena activists took out a victory rally.There was last movement instruction from Chief Minister Prithivraj Chavan and state Congress president Manikrao Thakre on Sunday to include NCP into ruling alliance. Congress Naresh Puglia, who spearheaded the election campaign, agreed to the reporters about the last minute instruction to take NCP into folds of alliance. Congress leaders held meeting with NCP in the morning, but power sharing with the allies was already finalized hence nothing could be spared for NCP. However NCP kept it self neutral in election as a gesture of patch-up with Congress. It could fetch reward in the form of seat or two in standing committee NCP.Ditched by NCP in recent ZP president's election, ex-MP Naresh Puglia, played safely in mayoral elections. Immediately after the civic elections, he forged alliance with all 10 independents and a corporator each of MNS and Bharip-BMS, adding 12 more coporators to its own tally of 26. Shiv Sena having five corporators was keen of sharing power in CMC, hence it supported Congress shunning its traditional ally BJP. Lone corporator of BSP also joined the Congress led Lokshahi Aghadi taking total tally of alliance to 44 in house of 66.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12945975", "title": "Government move to reduce teachers' posts irks academics in state", "text": "PATNA: The reported move of the state government to curtail as many as 3,500 sanctioned posts of teachers in colleges and universities following the much-publicized rationalization of posts has surprised the academics.How can any sensible government think of reducing the strength of faculty members when the number of students and courses has increased manifold during the last three or four decades, the academics say.Taking strong exception to the government move to reduce the existing strength of teachers in the institutions of higher education, Federation of University Teachers' Associations of Bihar ( FUTAB) working president Kanhaiya Bahadur Sinha said it is strange that while the central government has been stressing on increasing the gross enrolment ratio in higher education by opening more colleges and universities, Bihar government is contemplating to reduce the number of teachers.The Centre has already decided to set up 375 new degree colleges in the backward districts of the country, including 28 in Bihar. Not a single college has so far been set up in Bihar even though the state government has agreed to open 25 new colleges in the backward districts.Sinha pointed out that the enrolment of students in colleges had increased considerably following the improvement in results of secondary school and Plus 2 examinations. The pass percentage in class X and XII examinations in the state has increased from 40-45 to 70% in recent years. But the colleges lack adequate teaching staff to cater to the increased strength of students. There are only seven teachers to teach about 10,000 students at A S College, Bikramganj, a constituent unit of Magadh University. Similarly, only five teachers teach more than 5,000 students at M D College, Naubatpur, he said.Patna University science faculty dean Upendra Kishore Sinha pointed out that after surrender of 119 posts following the delinking of intermediate classes from PU colleges, PU is left with about 850 posts of teachers. Not a single post has been created in any subject in PU after 1975 despite the manifold increase in the number of students during the period. Unless the teachers' strength is increased, teaching is bound to suffer. The problem is likely to aggravate further with the introduction of semester system from the next academic session, he said.B N College principal and Patna University Teachers' Association ( PUTA) president Pramod Kumar Poddar said it was strange that instead of sanctioning more posts of teachers in view of the introduction of several new courses, the government was thinking of curtailing even the existing strength. There is much difference between teaching in schools and universities. In schools, the posts of teachers can be fixed on the basis of strength, but it can't be done so in universities where the teaching is research-oriented, he added.PU registrar Vibhas Kumar Yadav admitted that the university has been facing acute shortage of teachers. The university has already surrendered 119 posts following the withdrawal of intermediate classes. The process of appointment against vacant posts is also stuck up in the name of rationalization. He hoped that the process of appointment would be revived soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12943960", "title": "2 key education Bills passed by RS as Sibal tones down", "text": "NEW DELHI: With HRD minister Kapil Sibal at his conciliatory best to disarm the Opposition's indignation against his legislative agenda, the Rajya Sabha on Monday passed two key bills to enable students of Indian Institutes of Science Education and Research get their degrees and give eight new IITs their status through an Act of Parliament.A relieved and ``humbled'' Sibal expressed his ``gratitude'' to all the ``distinguished'' MPs for ``their valuable comments'' at the end, after earlier mounting an Opposition outreach programme to ensure his long-pending education bills get the Parliament nod.While Chandan Mitra of BJP held Sibal had not been able to allay fears that the upgrade of Banaras Hindu University's (BHU) Institute of Technology into a full-fledged IIT would not diminish or ``subsume'' the university's unique culture and heritage, he too applauded the minister's ``marked transformation''.``He (Sibal) was at his persuasive best today...we saw him in a different avatar than we normally see him,'' said Mitra. Promptly added Ravi Shankar Prasad from the BJP benches, ``And, we want that avatar to continue in the future as well.''The Institutes of Technology (Amendment) Bill, 2011, already passed by Lok Sabha , seeks to set up eight new IITs at Bhubaneswar, Gandhinagar, Hyderabad, Indore, Jodhpur, Mandi, Patna and Ropar and integrate BHU-IT, within the ambit of the Act. All these institutions shall be declared institutes of national importance as per the amended Act.The National Institutes of Technology (Amendment) Bill, 2010, also passed by the Lok Sabha, declares certain institutions of technology as institutes of national importance and seeks to add five Indian Institutes of Science Education and Research (established in Kolkata, Pune, Mohali, Bhopal and Thiruvananthapuram) as institutions of national importance.Sibal said any fear about inclusion of BHU under the ambit of the Act was unfounded. ``If there is any misgiving, one would be ready and revisit in the manner that members consider it appropriate,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12944193", "title": "Trauma tears into tender minds", "text": "KOLKATA: For little Saksham, all of two years, it has been a bewildering experience. But for his elder sisters Shaiesta and Akshita, it has been traumatic. Unlike Saksham, they understand what the robbers meant when they said they would kill their parents. The sisters know what guns are and what death means.It is impossible to imagine their horror when they woke up to a room packed with masked strangers holding guns and beating up their parents mercilessly. Worse, when the children are grabbed and have a pistol barrel next to their head and a chopper to the throat.The family hails from Haryana and moved to Salt Lake for just about a year when Surinder Singh Dabla was transferred as chief manager of the Allahabad Bank BD block branch. It was an uneventful, peaceful stay so far. The only hitch being a late night prowl by two suspicious men in September on the garage.Akshita, 10, Shaiesta, 8, and toddler Saksham were fast asleep when the gang broke in. It was the screams of their parents that woke them up. To their horror, some masked men were beating their parents with iron rods. \"They were five of them. They had guns and were beating up my father,\" said the daughters. As soon as the kids walked into the room, the gang grabbed them and used them to threatened Dabla and his wife Sudha. Shaiesta was asked where the family keeps the money and jewellery. When she refused, the gang threatened to kill her father. The ordeal ended some 20 minutes later when the gang sauntered out with the loot.The procession of policemen and the media started after that. Being the elder one, Akshita was a little more composed than Shaiesta, who was clearly in shock. Little Saksham, too young to understand what had happened, was puzzled to see so many people walking in and out of the house. It will be quite a while before they feel safe again. If at all.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12945758", "title": "Congress MP moves bill for central university in Gurdaspur", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A bill for a central university in Gurdaspur has been moved in Parliament to cater to the needs of Majha and Doaba regions of Punjab.Introducing the bill in Parliament, Congress MP Partap Singh Bajwa said that the Central University of Punjab, set up in Bathinda in November 2009, is focusing on improving its footprint in the Malwa region of Punjab, which is the only region benefitting from the project.\"Even on the university website, the vice-chancellor admits this. The rest of Punjab -- the Majha and Doaba regions -- are not benefitting from this quality research and teaching. The university is located south of Bathinda city and is over 100 kms away from a large portion of the state. The Majha region is a particularly neglected area in Punjab and is having to bear the brunt of uneducated and unemployed youth, who are frustrated and are resorting to taking drugs and other wasteful pursuits,\" he said.Gurdaspur, though linked through rail and road, is one of the most backward areas in Punjab and has been neglected time and again due to it being a border district. There are not enough centres for higher learning, with most of the existing centres being private institutes. \"There is an upsurge in sentiments for locating a central university in the region. Representing the sentiments of my people at the Centre, I have introduced the Bill to set up this central university,\" said Bajwa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12943638", "title": "Bill on security yet to see light of the day", "text": "JAIPUR: Nearly four years after serial blasts rocked Jaipur on May 13, 2008, the government's tall claims to take stringent measures to ensure the safety of residents seem to have fallen flat. The draft of the Vulnerable Establishment Security Bill has not been completed; leave aside presenting it before the cabinet for approval.The draft was mulled in the aftermath of the blasts which claimed 75 lives and left 150 injured. To ensure public safety at crowded places such as markets, malls, temples and financial institutions, the Rajasthan government had been preparing the draft of the bill for over a year and a half. \"Areas which witness high footfall are always prone to dangers. So, in this bill we will ensure that these places have the standard security measures to averse any unfortunate incident,\" said GS Sandhu, principal secretary (home).With close-circuit cameras playing a crucial role in nabbing culprits, the bill lays special emphasis on installing CCTV cameras at crowded places. It also makes it mandatory for organizations employing over 50 people to have adequate security and surveillance arrangement.\"Once the bill is passed, establishments employing a large number of people will have to install CCTVs, censors and access control doors in the office premises and have separate parking space,\" said BL Soni, Jaipur police commissioner.Malls and temples too, will have to step up surveillance, install censors and recruit trained security personnel inside premises and work out ways to manage crowd during rush hour.For financial institutions, separate parameters will be chalked out. The government also wants to impose strict penalty on those not complying with the rules. \"The authorities responsible for implementing the law will have the power to close down units which are not implementing the provisions\" added Soni.Government and private establishments will have to undergo a security audit by the concerned body, and will be given security codes as per the need for security arrangements.However, given the pace at which the bill is being drafted, it is unlikely that the department will be able to place it before the cabinet anytime soon.\"Serial blasts were the first major terrorist attack on this otherwise peaceful city. Investigating agencies had been left groping in dark due to lack of evidence. Had CCTVs been installed in crowded markets of the Walled City, those would have proved to be of great help,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12943874", "title": "Rescued girl tells of harassment by couple", "text": "NAGPUR: Two days after she was rescued, the eight-year-old girl from West Bengal has opened up to social workers and police and revealed how she was harassed and forced to do entire domestic work by the couple that had bought her for Rs 6000.On Monday, the girl who had been keeping quiet broke out in tears and pleaded with the Child Welfare Committee not to send her back to the couple. The minor was rescued by team of NGO Childline from Nehru Nagar residence of Pradeep Banerjee and his wife, both in their 50s, on Friday.Banerjee had claimed that he had lost his only son in a road accident and hence was raising the girl as his own daughter as he was not allowed to adopt a child. He stated that he he was planning to send the girl to school. Cops then did not file any complaint.The girl was scared and in shock and hence was not speaking to the cops. She was kept at Shradhanand Anathalaya for two days with girls of her age group. Since the girl could only speak Bengali, Childline activists took help of a Bengali tutor to talk to her. The minor from a small village in West Bengal told the CWC activist that she was tortured physically and mentally by the couple regularly and was forced to do the household work from cooking to other domestic work.The girl said her father and uncle sold her and younger sister, aged five, also for Rs 6000. \"Because of my father's drinking habit, my mother committed suicide. Me and my sister were then shifted to my uncle's house where they planned to sell us,\" the girl is reported to have said.At CWC office on Monday, Pradeep Banejee and his wife were confronted with the girl. \"As soon as the Banerjee couple entered the room and started giving explanations, the girl started crying. He was trying to threaten her in Bangla but we took the girl to another room where she pleaded with the tutor not to send her back,\" an activist said.The girl told them she was initially treated well but later began to be used for menial work. She also said he was not allowed to talk with any neighbour. \"The girl said Banerjee's wife would beat her up in absence of her husband,\" said the activist.The social workers will approach Gittikhadan police station on Tuesday with the complaint. The girl is still being kept at Shradhanand Anathalaya.The staff at the orphanage said the girl seemed happy and enjoying with other girls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12944836", "title": "No constitutional mandate to postpone panchayat polls: CM Manohar Parrikar", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Monday said that though he agrees \"almost entirely\" with the Council for social justice and peace (CSJP) regarding the panchayat elections, he has no constitutional mandate to postpone the elections by six months as demanded by the church body.Addressing mediapersons, Parrikar said he consulted with various legal luminaries and all of them told him that the issue was out of his hands and that no institution could stop the electoral process once it starts. The process has to be completed by May 19, Parrikar said.The chief minister said that the delimitation and reservation of wards for the panchayat elections should necessarily be done six months before the tentative date of elections.Parrikar lamented that his government did not get enough time to handle the election process. He said the reservations are done on the basis of the available database. But the figures of the 2011 census were unavailable and previous census was done in 2001. That is why the directorate of panchayats had to rely on human reports prepared by mamlatdars, block development officers, etc, and the government had neither time nor proper data, Parrikar said.The chief minister also sought to allay fears that the BJP's poll promise of abolishing house tax on residential houses in village panchayat areas would affect the local bodies. Parrikar said the panchayats will be compensated and he has made provisions for that. The government has not announced the decision yet because of the election code of conduct. For the sake of maintaining records, the panchayats can charge one rupee as the house tax, Parrikar said, adding that he will implement the decision in consultation with panchayat bodies.The chief minister also said that once the new village panchayat bodies are constituted, he will consult them to finalize the Regional Plan 2021.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12943494", "title": "Interest waiver fails to fill Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation coffers", "text": "HYDERABAD: Despite extending interest waiver on property tax for a month, there was lukewarm response from tax payers. Only a few thousand property owners utilized the opportunity till Monday, the last day of the offer, leaving the civic body saddled with huge arrears.The Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) could collect about Rs 30 crore in April as against its target of Rs 100 crore. Of April collections, Rs 14 crore came from defaulters and Rs 16 crore was the property tax for the current financial year.Official sources said the corporation would have got another Rs 20 crore to Rs 30 crore, but the collections were not to the expected level due to their own information technology (IT) department's failure to rectify problems. Sources said the GHMC server was down for nearly four to five days in the first week of April due to maintenance problems. Similarly, it suffered glitches in the past three days. Though some citizens wanted to pay tax dues at citizen service centres and eSeva centres, they could not complete the transactions due to the glitches.\"On March 31 alone, the GHMC had collected Rs 60 crore property tax of the total tax revenue of Rs 634 crore. Today's collections would have touched Rs 50 crore had there been no technical problems,\" a senior official of the corporation told TOI on Monday.The municipal administration and urban development (MA&UD;) department, for the first time, extended waiver of interest on property tax arrears and current year dues till April 30, beyond the financial year. Generally, tax waiver is given till the end of the financial year. However, on the request of some municipalities, the MA&UD; department had extended the date till the last of April.In April 2011, the GHMC had earned Rs 22 crore revenue from property tax. Though this April the tax collection was slightly higher due to waiver of interest, it was not up to the expectations of GHMC officials.GHMC commissioner Krishna Babu had fixed a target of Rs 100 crore for the tax wing officials for April and held a series of meetings a few weeks ago. The commissioner had even asked staff to take the help of colony residents' welfare associations to collect arrears from defaulters.Despite all these measures, the corporation officials failed to meet the target as tax wing officials had not resorted to sealing of premises or attachment of properties of top defaulters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12944840", "title": "Mysorean family wins over foreigners with food", "text": "MYSORE: A family here has been quietly introducing foreign tourists to the joys of Indian culture through food. Visitors have been relishing South Indian dishes prepared by the family of SJ Ashok, vice-president, Mysore Travel Agents Association. The family has served vegetarian dishes on plantain leaves to hundreds of foreigners and they've had only praise which is reflected the visitors' book.The family also teaches foreign women how to wear saris and cook these dishes.Ashoka's wife Shashikala, a homemaker, told TOI they've been doing this for about two years and it all started by chance. \"One evening, my husband asked me to prepare food for foreign guests as it was an emergency. Initially, I was reluctant but I did it anyway just to help my husband,\" she said.Ashoka says, \"Many foreigners prefer Indian food, especially if it's prepared at home. Since the time my wife helped me prepare a meal for tourists, there's been no turning back. The number of visitors has been increasing but we've catered to only a select few. This year, it's a tight schedule with bookings till December. Two groups from Germany have blocked dates for this Dasara.\"Shashikala, who didn't like cooking earlier, has now developed a keen interest because she feels it's an opportunity to introduce India to foreign nationals in a different way. \"Almost every guest is thrilled by the meal,\" she says.The guests are given a traditional welcome and introduced to the family before being served15 dishes. Their 13-year-old son Vinayaka, a classical singer, also pitches in with a performance. Shashikala says their residence in Gokulam is 75 years old and once a home of classical music. They have displayed paintings and family pictures in the hall. She says they don't accept more than two dozen guests because of space constraints. She's even learning French by speaking to tourists from France.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12947298", "title": "Pakistan army believes in 'strong democratic system': Gen Ashfaq Parvez Kayani", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan's powerful Army chief Gen Ashfaq Parvez Kayani has waded into a standoff between the government and judiciary, saying the country's development and welfare depend on state institutions functioning within their constitutional limits.The country's Constitution has \"clearly defined the responsibilities and functions of national institutions\" and it is incumbent on them \"to perform their duties within constitutional limits\", he said while delivering an address at an event marking the army's Youm-e-Shahada (Day of Martyrs) yesterday.In an apparent reference to Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani's conviction of contempt by the Supreme Court for refusing to act on orders to revive graft cases against President Asif Ali Zardari , Kayani said the prime objective of the democratic system is to \"ensure the welfare, happiness and increased dignity of the people and the establishment of a balanced society where every person can get justice equally\".\"This is the only way which can further strengthen Pakistan's national security,\" he said during the late night ceremony to honour soldiers killed in the line of duty and while fighting extremists.The military, he said, believes in a \"strong democratic system and its continuation\".At the same time, Kayani touched on the national security situation and said Pakistan is \"still in a state of war\" despite unprecedented sacrifices made by the people and security forces in the campaign against terrorists and extremists.The Pakistan Army, Frontier Corps, Pakistan Rangers and police had \"achieved successes in many difficult areas while fighting against extremists and terrorists\" while the people's sacrifices and steadfastness had boosted the morale of the armed forces.\"I am hopeful that we will emerge from this stage victorious with the help and prayers of the nation. We will be successful when we have a strong belief in the ideology of Pakistan. Any doubt about this ideology would weaken the country,\" Kayani told a gathering that included top Pakistani military officials and defence attaches from different countries.The army chief also referred to the unilateral American raid in Abbottabad that killed Osama bin Laden and a cross- border Nato air strike that left 24 Pakistani soldiers dead in November last year and said: \"some foreign elements had launched a campaign of mistrust\" despite the sacrifices made by the Pakistani people and armed forces.This campaign \"pushed the entire nation into a psychological crisis and forced the nation to review relations with others\", he said.\"We think that others will have to keep in mind our sovereignty, pride and honour,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12946135", "title": "Health department to identify polio patients in Gujarat", "text": "VADODARA: The state government will soon begin a survey to track down polio-affected people across Gujarat. The project will be handled by the state health department and it may take a while before the victims of polio are identified. The project has been initiated to provide treatment to post-polio syndrome (PPS) patients and Gujarat will be the first state in the country to execute such a project. Health minister Jaynarayan Vyas said on Monday that very few people including medicos are aware of PPS.\"We will soon begin process of identifying polio patients in the state and then contact them. These patients will be then educated about the precautions they should take in their routine life to avoid further complications. While most are aware of polio not many know about PPS as it is the least discussed subject,\" Vyas, who was in the city to attend an international seminar on PPS, said. When asked about the estimated number of polio patients in Gujarat, Vyas said it may be about four to five lakh.\"Polio patients usually think that they won't face any further complications in future. But, most polio patients suffer from PPS that affects their immune system, causes paralysis and may lead to fatigue and fever frequently. Hence, it is necessary to educate polio patients about PPS and its treatment,\" said Vadodara BJP MP Balkrishna Shukla. Shukla had organized the seminar jointly with Indian Medical Association (IMA).He had also introduced a private bill Post-Polio Syndrome (Education, Training and Awareness) Bill, 2010 in the Parliament to spread awareness about PPS and take preventive steps to help the patients. \"It is also important to train health care professionals to treat PPS patients,\" Shukla added. Vyas said after 2007 Gujarat has not witnessed any fresh case of polio.IMA honorary secretary Dr D R Rai said, \"There are about 80 lakh polio-affected people in the country. The government should come forward and put efforts to spread awareness about PPS among the patients. Gujarat has taken a right step forward in this direction.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12943782", "title": "Maharashtra finds Madhuri too pricey to be its \u2018face\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: A week after she was bestowed with the prestigious Master Dinanath Vishesh Award, actress Madhuri Dixit has fallen out of favour with the state government after she apparently quoted an \"astronomical\" sum to become the brand ambassador for Maharashtra.Upset with the actress' \"generous return-favour\", a senior state official said Madhuri quoted an amount between Rs 9 crore and Rs 10 crore for a 21-day schedule, including 5-star hotel stay, for agreeing to become the ambassador.The government, which had hoped that Madhuri would endorse the cause for free like the Khans-Shah Rukh and Aamir-who endorse similar campaigns without charging anything, feels she comes with too steep a price tag. While SRK has added zing to West Bengal's image, Amir has been promoting Union tourism ministry's Incredible India's 'Atithi Devo Bhava' campaign for no fee. \"Such reputed personalities are expected to show some sensitivity towards social causes instead of treating them as commercial endorsements,\" said a senior state official. \"What has she anyway done for the Maharashtrian culture in the past 10 years?\"The state has been struggling to find a face to be state's tourism and cultural ambassador and boost its image as a leading tourist destination. Earlier, when cricketer Sachin Tendulkar was approached, he almost agreed to the offer, apparently for Rs 4 crore, but the deal did not come through owing to his busy schedule. \"Our hunt is still on but we want to do it within our means,\" said state tourism minister Chhagan Bhujbal.Madhuri's business manager Rikku Rakeshnath, however, said the actress had met cultural secretary Anand Kulkarni but did not ask for a monetary compensation. \"There was never any money involved and all we had asked for was a piece of land for an academy we want to start. Besides, the state expected us to sign a 10-year contract,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "bangalore/mumbai", "code": "12944178", "title": "Vijay Mallya in talks to sell UB Tower for Rs 650 cr", "text": "BANGALORE/MUMBAI: Beleaguered billionaire Vijay Mallya's UB Holdings Ltd is in talks with Blackstone and Kohlberg Kravis Roberts (KKR) to unlock the value of its office spaces, including the iconic head office, UB Tower, say banking sources briefed on the matter. One of these two PE investors may acquire Mallya's office real estate, a part of UB City, through a structured equity deal for roughly Rs 650 crore.UB Holdings is the parent of the debt-laden Kingfisher Airlines. UB Group CFO Ravi Nedungadi offered \"no comments\" in reply to a texted query. A group spokesperson quoting Mallya denied that UB Tower was for sale. He did not elaborate.The talks with the competing PE investors are centered around a sale and leaseback model, with UB Holdings having the right to buy back after a fixed period.\"So it may not be sale technically,\" said one of the sources mentioned earlier.UB Tower, 123 meters high and one of the tallest buildings in Bangalore, houses all UB Group companies' corporate offices. Some of the other big corporate names occupying the office space in UB City include 3M, Apple, Citibank, Ernst &amp; Young, Kawasaki and Yahoo!Blackstone declined to comment, while queries to a senior KKR executive remained unanswered at the time of going to press.\"Mallya is offering a 13% return on rental incomes,\" said a source privy to the ongoing developments, adding that the rental monetization package which Mallya had struck with HDFC would not come in the way of the deal. \"The rental monetization package brought only around Rs 100-150 crore for Mallya which can be paid off with the money got from the sale and lease back model he plans to do now,\" said the source.PE investors like Blackstone have been on the prowl to buy out rent-yielding office space assets. Investors who have shied away from typical private equity investments in broader real estate market find office space portfolios safer bets. Blackstone clinched two deals recently involving buyouts of IT parks in Bangalore and Pune.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "12946032", "title": "Rain clouds hang over Ooty flower show", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: Horticultural department officials are concerned about the heavy showers that have drenched Ooty in the past few days. If the downpour continues, it could spoil the flowers that have to be displayed at the upcoming flower show.\"These are not the usual summer showers. They resemble monsoon showers that are unusual for this season. The flowers in the open mud beds are more vulnerable to the rain than the potted flowers,\" said V Ramsundar, assistant director of horticulture, the Government Botanical Garden.\"The flowers have not received any sunshine during the past few days. If showers continue for another two days, the flowers will rot soon, making for a poor show this year,\" said Ramsundar. About 70% of the flowers have bloomed already and within a few days all flowers would have bloomed.More than 159 varieties of flower seeds have been sown in the garden. Favoured by the weather conditions in the Nilgiris, plant species like French Marigold, Ageratum and Aster are grown in the botanical garden as regular features. This year, 66 new varieties of flower seedlings, including special species like Acroclinum, Angelonia and Browalia, have also been sown. Over 15,000 flower pots of various varieties are ready for display at the annual show.According to the summer festival committee, the 116th floral carnival will be held at the famous Government Botanical Gardens, tentatively, on May 18, 19 and 20. The rose show will be held at the Ooty rose park on May 12 and 13, the fruit show at Sim's Park in Coonoor on May 26 and 27, vegetable show at Kotagiri on May 5 and 6 and the spice show on May 6 in Gudalur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12945840", "title": "AUTA condemns inept handling of situation", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Demanding action against the officials responsible for lathicharge on students and removal of vice-chancellor of Allahabad University, the students continued their indefinite fast on Tuesday in front of the statue of Chandrashekhar Azad. They also formed a human chain to draw the attention of university authorities towards their demand.The leaders of National Students Union of India ( NSUI) have demanded a probe into the incident of lathicharge on students sitting on dharna outside the office of vice-chancellor.The students have also urged the university authorities to allow them to stay in their hostels during summer vacations in order to enable them to appear in competitive examinations.UPCC vice-president Shekhar Bahuguna, who met the striking students on Tuesday, told newspersons that the matter has been brought to the notice of HRD minister Kapil Sibal and Amethi MP Rahul Gandhi. A team of the HRD ministry is scheduled to arrive in the city on Wednesday. It would interact with the student leaders, teachers and university officials to ascertain facts.Bahugune urged the university authorities to adopt a sympathetic attitude towards students and make efforts to resolve the issue, because if things are not addressed properly it would disturb the academic atmosphere of the university.Meanwhile, the working committee of Allahabad University Teachers Association (AUTA) met on Monday in the department of economics, under the chairmanship of its president GC Tripathi.In a statement issued on Tuesday, he said that from time to time AUTA has been expressing concern over the erratic and arbitrary functioning of the university administration. The members expressed concern over the inept handling of the sensitive issue, which resulted in violence on April 26.AUTA condemned the incidents of violence.The teachers' association said that the failure of the university administration to initiate dialogue with the agitating students and its apathy towards genuine grievances was the root cause of the ugly incidents. AUTA said that university administration should have been more sensitive in addressing the problems of hostel inmates. The teachers' body also expressed dissatisfaction over the ill-thought and ill-advised decisions which are taken without taking into confidence various sections of the university.The working committee of AUTA pointed out that a proper inquiry should be conducted to fix responsibility and those found guilty be brought to book so that such unfortunate incidents do not recur in future.The working committee felt that there is an urgent need for an immediate review of the hostel policy of the university so that changes could be made to provide better facilities to the inmates commensurate with the facilities being provided in other Central universities.The committee authorized its president to constitute a team of teachers to meet the HRD ministry team and present viewpoint of AUTA on the situation prevailing in the University in general and the incidents related to the violence in particular.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12944715", "title": "'Over 50,000 kids from south Tamil Nadu deployed as child labour'", "text": "MADURAI: Over 50,000 children from Madurai, Theni and Dindigul continue to be sent to the northern states to work in factories run by local merchants in violation of the Right To Education (RTE) Act and need to be identified and brought back, members of the Campaign Against Child Labour (CACL), Tamil Nadu and Puducherry said at the state-level conference on child labour held in Madurai on Monday.C Visakan of Kottapatti in Theni district narrated how he was sold by his father for Rs 1,500 to a broker Solairaj from the same village in the year 2004, during his school holidays. He was taken to Chhattisgarh where he worked in a 'muruku' factory with other 13 year olds, for 20 hours a day in front of a fire. But he was returned to his parents when he couldn't work after his employer injured him by pouring hot oil on his body. Rajkumar of Usilampatti and S Prabu from Polipatti had similar stories.Later talking to media persons, P Joseph Victoraj, state organiser CACL, M Jeeva and B S Vanarajan southern districts organiser of CACL said that child labour continued to flourish as children were being trafficked with or without their parents' consent to work in industries in the northern states. Many came from the three southern districts, predominantly the Usilampatti area, where studies had revealed that 60 to 70% of the trafficked children were from dalit communities.Although they had identified about 24 families who had sent their children for labour up north, there were many more. In most cases, the government had no follow-up programme for child labourers rescued from their employees, like Balamurugan from Usilampatti who was among the 42 bonded labourers rescued recently and brought to Madurai. Balamurugan had been tortured and traumatized to such an extent that he had lost his ability to speak in public. Vanarajan said that the government should ensure physical, psychological and emotional settlement for these children as about 15% of these former child labourers end up returning to their work places. Child labour is punishable under the SC/ST prevention of atrocities act, where an affected child is entitled to a compensation of Rs three lakhs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12943145", "title": "Congress, BJP spar over bailout package", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Congress-led state government on Monday assailed BJP for the poor financial condition of the civic bodies.In her quest to overcome the debacle in the municipal polls and to lay the groundwork for next year's assembly elections, chief minister Sheila Dikshit fielded three ministers to counter BJP's claim of the state's Rs 1831 crore loan to the municipal bodies being an \"eyewash\".On a day when North Delhi Municipal Corporation was born and the other two Municipalities prepared for their first meetings slated for Tuesday and Wednesday, the Congress led state attacked the BJP for the poor financial health of the civic bodies. To tide over the debacle in the Municipal Polls and prepare a firm ground for next year's assembly elections, Chief minister Sheila Dikshit fielded three of her ministers to rebut BJP's allegations labeling the state's \"bail-out package\" of Rs 1831 crore as a mere eyewash in form of a loan.Transport minister Arivnder Singh Lovely, power minister Harun Yusuf and labour minister Ramakant Goswami, at a hurriedly called press conference, dismissed former leader of MCD House Subhash Arya's remarks calling the state assistance a \"farce\".To bolster their claim, the three came out with a factsheet on the dismal performance of the erstwhile MCD, alleging that lack of financial management on the part of the previous regime had led to contractor liabilities worth Rs 600 crore and budget deficit in North and East Delhi Corporations.In a hurriedly called press conference the trio unraveled a factsheet on the poor performance of the erstwhile MCD and how the lack of financial management of the previous regime had led to contractor liabilities to the tune of Rs 600 crores and deficit in budget of North and East Delhi Corporations.Earlier, BJP had said the government should have given Rs 1831 crore as grant instead of loan so that they could start functioning without financial burden.\"We do not want to play politics with development work in the city. We would be happy if they also do not indulge in petty politics,\" Lovely said.Delhi government had last week said a total Rs 5,326 crore was being allocated to the three new municipalities. This included the plan and non-plan budget components that go annually from the state budget and a special loan of Rs 1,831 crore, for the year 2012-13. The loan is beign given to overcome the deficit in their budget and clear the financial liabilities.Accusing the erstwhile MCD for failing to utilize funds allocated by the government, Lovely said the government was looking forward to having a cordial relationship with the three new municipalities but at the same time it would not allow politics to affect developmental projects. It was pointed out that of the Rs 110 crores given to the MCD for health projects in 2011-12 only 63 crores were spent.\"We have given them a lot of financial assistance. BJP has been misguiding people about the government's support to MCD. We are not going to tolerate it,\" he alleged. Urban development minister A K Walia, who is incharge of municipal affairs, was not available for comments on issues related to the civic bodies.Alleging inefficiency in tax collection by MCD, Yusuf said the civic body collected property tax from only nine lakh properties out of over 31 lakh properties in the city. \"Inspite of having sufficient funds for development work, MCD failed to deliver and took no initiative for revenue generation,\" he said.On Saturday, Dikshit told TOI that now her party will focus on a targeted communication campaign to reach out to the people highlighting BJP's malpractices and their deficiencies. She had said that in the Municipal polls the BJP's communication campaign was strong whereas the Congress faltered badly and failed to combat the attack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12944866", "title": "7-day army recruitment rally from tomorrow", "text": "MYSORE: Here is an opportunity for patriots who want to serve the nation -- Indian Army will organize a weeklong recruitment rally at Chamundi Vihar stadium here from Wednesday.The rally will be conducted to select candidates for soldier category posts like soldier nursing assistant, soldier tradesman, soldier clerk/ storekeeper, and the like. Candidates in 17.5-23 age group can attend the rally. DC P S Vastrad told reporters that the rally will cover aspirants from 12 districts, including Mysore, Bangalore, Chamarajanagar and Ramanagar.Speaking on the recruitment process, Indian Army Bangalore Recruiting Zone director, Colonel Jaspal Singh Virk, said they first screen the height and documents of the candidates. Later, they will have to undergo physical test, which will be followed by physical measurement test and medical examination. Common Entrance Examination is the last stage of the selection process.\"We expect unemployed youths, especially those in rural areas,\" said Col Virk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12945721", "title": "Parking contractor to get HUDA stick for overcharging in Sector 14", "text": "GURGAON: HUDA is all set to crack the whip on a parking contractor who was overcharging the residents of Sector 14 for parking their vehicles in the area.The service provider of the parking slot, which is near the HUDA office, reportedly violated the contractual clause related to the parking fee. The HUDA officials learnt about the irregularity after receiving complaints of overcharging. A HUDA official, Servesh Joon, went to the spot for inspection, hiding his identity, and found that the contractor was charging Rs 20 for the first four hours. \"As per the HUDA rates, for the first four hours, each car should be charged Rs 10. But the contractor was charging double the amount, which is illegal and a very serious breach of contract,\" he said.During the inspection, Joon took an official car to the parking slot and was charged Rs 20 by the parking attendant. \"I observed that the parking receipt book had not been printed in a proper manner and is not according to the contract,\" said Joon. He also said that the parking attendants were not wearing any uniform, another breach of contractual clause.The HUDA official, after the inspection, prepared a report on the irregularities practiced at the spot. \"The parking rates have not been displayed on the board in the parking lot. It shows gross negligence by the parking contractor and a cause of inconvenience and harassment to the public,\" said Joon. Joon has submitted the inspection report to the HUDA administrator and strict action is likely to be taken against the contractor. The HUDA will be issuing showcause notice to the contractor, seeking explanation from him. Meanwhile, the HUDA is also working out a strategy to streamline the entire parking system in the city.At present there are many illegal parking contractors operating in different HUDA sectors. The civic agency is coordinating with the police to earmark the slots across the city. The administrator has sought details of all the parking spaces in HUDA sectors including markets, roads and other commercial areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12944262", "title": "Fill up all Food and Drugs Administration vacancies in 4 months: High Court to state", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur bench of Bombay high court on Monday directed Maharashtra government to finalize recruitment rules within four months and fill up large number of vacant posts at Food and Drugs Administration's (FDA) Nagpur division office. A division bench comprising Justices Bhushan Dharmadhikari and Ashok Bhangale was hearing a plea filed by Amit Khot praying for filling of these posts as it is severely affecting working of FDA. Shrikant Khandalkar was counsel for the petitioner.Earlier, joint FDA commissioner AV Giri informed that the state issued a notification on March 14 allocating the area geographically on the basis of drugs establishment in proportion with the sanctioned posts. The move was initiated for proper implementation and utilization of work force. According to him, the vacancies will be filled up as per recommendation of Maharashtra Public Service Commission (MPSC) or by way of promotion.He informed that among nine sanctioned posts of joint commissioner only one is vacant and would be filled up by promotion among assistant commissioner (Drugs). Out of 52 sanctioned posts of assistant commissioner (Drugs), 18 posts are vacant. Among them, 12 will be filled by nomination for which MPSC has already issued advertisement in January while six will be filled up by promotion among drug inspectors.There are 161 sanctioned posts of drug inspectors of which 29 are vacant. The court then disposed the petition while giving a liberty to the petitioner to approach it again if the need arises.During last hearing, the court had asked the government as to how much time it would take to fill up the posts, since vacancies were causing lot of difficulties in implementation of the provision of drugs and cosmetic legislation. The judges came down heavily on the government stating for its failure to fill up those vacant posts. They directed the central government to implement Raghunath Mashelkar committee's recommendations made way back in 2003.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12945555", "title": "Age of consent for sex 16 in most liberal countries", "text": "NEW DELHI: Going by just the number of countries, the global average for the age of consent is 16. The government's proposal of criminalizing consensual sex with any person below 18 will put India in the company of countries such as Rwanda , Uganda , Chile, Peru and Egypt , none of whom can be counted among liberal democracies.While the age of consent across the world ranges from 13 to 18, the bulk of the countries, including the most liberal ones, have it at 16. Thus, India is currently bracketed with Britain, Norway , Canada , Switzerland , Israel, Russia , South Africa and a majority of the states of the US.But if 11 states of the US, including California , took the conservative option of fixing the age of consent at 18, its impact has been softened by a close-in-age reprieve. This means that if the minor has three or fewer years of difference with the major, or if both partners are under the age of consent, they will be prosecuted for the minor offence of misdemeanor rather than statutory rape.The principle of taking a lenient view of close-in-age relationships is adopted by several western countries. The absence of such a safeguard in the protection of children from sexual offences bill, which was cleared last week by the Cabinet, makes the proposed increase in the age of consent all the more regressive and draconian.If the bill is passed by Parliament in its current form, the only countries that will be harsher than India on teenage sex are those who do not recognize any age of consent at all.In Islamic countries like Saudi Arabia , Yemen , Iran and Pakistan , any sex outside marriage is illegal and liable to severe punishment, even if it is entirely consensual.The few countries that swung to the other extreme of reducing the age of consent to as low as 13 have adopted different safeguards to avert dangers of licentiousness. Though the national law in Japan puts 13 as the age of consent, local laws in most municipalities have overridden it with higher limits.In Argentina, sexual relations with teenagers from 13 to 18, though legal, are fettered by laws meant to avoid exploitation. Spain has a safeguard to check deceit in gaining the consent of minor below 16, although its age of consent is 13.Interesting, a lot of football powerhouses have a low age of consent, ranging from 13 to 15: Spain, Argentina, Brazil, Germany, Italy, Portugal, France, Uruguay and so on. Is it just a coincidence? Or does the craze for football make a society more liberal?The age of consent around the worldSpain, Japan, Argentina | 13 yearsBrazil, China, Germany, Italy, Portugal, Colombia and one Indian state (Manipur) | 14 yearsFrance, Denmark, Greece , Poland , Sweden , Czech Republic , Thailand , Uruguay | 15 yearsBritain, Canada, Nepal , Norway, Russia, South Africa, Kenya , Switzerland, Malaysia , Jordan , Israel and majority of the states of US (Michigan, Connecticut, New Jersey) | 16 yearsIreland , some of the states of US (Illinois, Texas, Missouri) and of Australia (South Australia, Tasmania) | 17 yearsTurkey , Egypt, Rwanda, Uganda, Philippines , Chile, Peru and some of the states of US (California, Arizona, Florida ) | 18 yearsTimes ViewAs TOI has maintained raising the age for legal sex from 16 to 18 is a bad idea. Only a clutch of illiberal countries have it as 18 years. Why should India join that club? The age for legal sex should stay at 16. Further, where the age gap between two partners is less than five years, consensual sex should be decriminalized even if a partner is a teenager less than 16-years-old. There can be some deterrents if the age gap is higher. The proposal to hike the legal age for sex also smacks for an urban bias. In villages, getting married before the age of 18 is common. Would they all be treated as criminals now? Educating people about the advantages of a later marriage is one thing, but making teen sex illegal ignores the reality and criminalizes innocents. There is also the risk that such a move could lead to a spurt in young girls going to quacks for abortions to escape the clutches of the law. Suicides and honour killings too might rise with this ill-thought-out measure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12943686", "title": "Dreamliner likely to make Mumbai debut next month", "text": "MUMBAI: Flyers who are deeply disappointed that the double-deck A380 is yet to be used for commercial flights from India four years after its launch, and who know that the world's newest aircraft-the Boeing 787 Dreamliner-has electronically dimmable windows, should put Air India (AI) and Japan Airlines (JAL) on their radar.Both these airlines are set to operate Dreamliner flights to and from India. On Tuesday, JAL's Dreamliner will fly in to Delhi from Tokyo , making it the first carrier to bring the aircraft to India. Then, it will be the turn of flyers in Mumbai to get a feel of the Dreamliner as AI has plans to use the aircraft on flights to and from the city in June. AI will also operate Dreamliner flights from Delhi.\"Close on the heels of JAL's B787 flights, Air India plans to operate Dreamliner flights from Mumbai and Delhi in the month of June,\" said an AI source. The destinations of AI's Dreamliner flights from the two Indian cities were, however, yet to be disclosed.The airline is expected to make an official announcement in the coming days.Elaborating on the plans of his airline, Yasushi Isomura, country manager of JAL, said: \"We operate five Tokyo-Delhi flights a week. From May 1, the Dreamliner will be used to operate four of these flights.\"The carrier launched its Dreamliner flights to the US last week with flights to Boston; India is the second country where JAL will fly this hi-tech aircraft. It is a significant move considering that foreign airlines do not usually use brand-new aircraft for Indian operations, point out industry insiders.\"This reiterates our commitment to the Indian market and also talks about the importance of this market in India,'' said Isomura.The JAL official said with the introduction of the Dreamliner, JAL expected to attract a large number of corporate and leisure travellers. The airline's Delhi-Tokyo flight also attracts passengers from other Indian metros; they comprise around 10-15% of the flyer count.JAL has ordered a total of 45 Boeing 787 Dreamliners, while AI has sought 27 of these aircraft and is expected to get at least three this year. Jet Airways has placed orders for ten Dreamliners.Welcoming the news, a city-based frequent flyer said he would eagerly look forward to making a trip abroad on the Dreamliner.The plane's maiden flight took place on December 15, 2009, and completed testing in mid-2011. It entered commercial service in October 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "12943374", "title": "Traders in Ooty protest abuse by government official", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: Most shops including hotels downed their shutters on Monday to protest against an official attached to Food Safety Authority of India (FSAI). It is alleged that the official, a food safety inspector has been misusing his official capacity, harassing traders and collecting money in fines which is not accounted for.M A Rahim, secretary, Nilgiri District All Traders' Association said, \"Sivakumar, a food safety inspector, has been bullying traders for the past few months. He frequently barges into shops, throws products around saying they are not fit for sale, and demands more money to prevent further raids by him\".Rahim said, \"We abide by the food safety laws. We have been given time till August 4 to get FSA license. But Sivakumar has been harassing traders, hoteliers, small time food vendors and home-made chocolate traders, aware that this is the peak season in Ooty. We would like this official to be transferred. That is why we have come together to stage a bandh\".R V Ravi, designated officer- Nilgiris, FSAI, said, \"The reports, received from the public, and the news paper clippings will be sent to the commissioner of FSAI, Chennai, for his perusal\".According to the Nilgiris district collector, Archana Patnaik, her office was not intimated about the planned bandh on Monday. \"Following a heated argument that took place during a workshop for traders organized by the FSAI on Saturday, the district revenue officer had invited the traders for a discussion. But they never showed up,\" said Patnaik.\"The traders association will meet the district collector on Wednesday to submit a petition regarding the FSAI official's behavior. We demand transfer of the official,\" said Rahim.Meanwhile, tourists were inconvenienced, as they could not even avail a cup of tea on Monday. \"As most hotels were closed today, we had to go all the way to Coonoor for breakfast and lunch,\" said K Kavitha, a tourist from Nagercoil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12944658", "title": "Police lathicharge protesting paramedics", "text": "RANCHI: Police beat up paramedical students protesting in front of the office of the Jharkhand Rural Health Mission (JRHM) in Namkum demanding that the course be approved by AICTE.Reportedly, police resorted to lathicharge after the students did not pay heed to policemen's requests to lift the road blockade even after protesting for seven hours on the road throwing traffic out of gear in a section of NH-33.More than 250 students from Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences, Patliputra Medical College and Hospital, Dhanbad and Mahatma Gandhi Memorial Medical College, Jamshedpur sat in front of the JRHM office from 9 am to 4pm clogging traffic in around 5 km on Namkum and Tati Silvai road. Police had to forcefully disperse the protestors.Swarnima, one of the protestors had to be admitted to Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences with a broken rib reportedly, due to police atrocity. \"I got hurt and am unable to even lie down. The policemen were making the girls stand in a line and then started beating them up\", said Rashmi, a student injured in the lathi charge. The women constables were found dragging the injured girls away from the road added Rashmi.Reportedly, the injured were not provided with any medical assistance. Poornima, another student said, \"We started running aimlessly when the police started beating us. Now we cannot find any mode of transport to go back or even to go to the hospital.\"The protestors said their degrees were not accepted at any institution and they were not getting jobs. \"Our invalid degrees have left us jobless. I passed out three years ago but still could not find a job\", said Ajay, a paramedic from RIMS.The students complained that the nursing students were given better facilities while the paramedics were not though both fell in the same category. \"We even do the works of sweeper but we are never given any facility or even respect\", said Meenakshi, a student.Other demands of the paramedical students included providing hostel, library and laboratory facilities.Sumit, a student said, \"We will not rest until our demands are fulfilled. There are more than 1800 students enrolled in the paramedical course in Jharkhand whose future is at stake. We will get our demands approved by hook or by crook.\"SSP Saket Singh however tried to play down the issue. \"No one intended to harm the students who were protesting,\" said the SSP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12945846", "title": "Labourers allege exploitation", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A meeting of the representatives of unorganized labour union was organised at Rambagh in the city on Monday in which members expressed concern over the continuous exploitation of the labourers. The programme was organized on the eve of Labour Day.Addressing the meeting, Arshiya Nazim said there are about more than 20 lakh woman worker in the whole State whose minimum wages are also not fixed. Even the hours of work has also not been prescribed due to which women labourers are forced to exploitation. She demanded that there should be formation of Women Workers Welfare Board in the State and efforts should be made for giving rights to the women workers.State general secretary of Asangatith Karamkar Shramik Union Nazim Ansari observed that there are about 7 lakh cycle rickshaw drivers in the whole State who come from the rural areas to earn their daily livelihood. Though the State government has earned about Rs. 80 crore through the municipal corporations in the whole State in the past five years but they have not taken steps for the welfare of the cycle rickshaw pullers. He also observed that though Kanpur Nagar Nigam made an income of Rs. 30 lakh, Allahabad Nagar Nigam received an income of 18 lakh and Lucknow Nigam Nigam generated income of about 16 lakh through issuing licenses to rickshaw pullers during the last year but the municipal corporations did not constructed rickshaw stand in the cities . Further, they have also not taken steps for the welfare of the rickshaw pullers.State president of the union Pramod Shukla said the officers of labour department are not interested in the registration of the workers who assemble at every labour crossing of the city. Further, they have not organized even a single camp to know about the number of labourers present in the city. As a result, the contractors continue to exploit labourers and the latter have no platform to raise their voice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12945907", "title": "Probe into dumping of blood units near railway crossing", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A two-member team of UP State AIDS Control Society ( UPSACS) reached here on Monday to probe into the issue of dumping of 13 blood units near North Malaka railway crossing on Saturday. The blood units were issued by the blood bank of Swaroop Rani Nehru Hospital.The team comprising Ashok Shukla and Ramesh Kumar stated that the blood units were found to be expired. But these were not disposed properly through bio-waste disposal measures.District tuberculosis officer (DTO) OP Shahi told TOI that 13 blood units, including four plasma units and four used packets were found dumped near the railway crossing. When the matter came into the notice of health authorities, they had set up a probe into the issue. Initial investigations revealed that the dumped units were expired. The team members have been probing as to why the expired blood units were not disposed of properly who had thrown the units near the crossing.Shahi maintained that the 12 blood units had SRN Hospital blood bank labels while one had the label of local blood. The team members have traced the names of patients who were issued the units.The locals claimed that some blood units had drip sets attached.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12945497", "title": "Autos to stay off roads from today", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Transport services in city will be paralyzed as LPG auto operators have decided to go on strike from May 1 to protest rising fuel prices and UT's decision not to allow hike in fare per kilometer, which is fixed at Rs 8.As a majority of autos in city are run on LPG, passengers are bound to face problems. It is only autos coming from adjoining areas of Punjab and Haryana which run on diesel. The auto-operators' union will also hold a rally to lodge their protest.In a bid to conserve the environment by reducing pollution, the UT administration had introduced LPG autos in the Tricity in 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12944813", "title": "Plumbers to face music for providing illegal water connections in city", "text": "INDORE: In a bid to give an end to pilfering water through illegal water connections in the city, plumbers will have to face action for providing illegal water connections. Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) has decided to file FIR against plumbers, who are caught in bid to provide illegal water connections. The civic body has been receiving many complaints daily regarding illegal water connections being given in different parts of the city.Water works in-charge Sapna Chouhan said that normally one has to seek permission from the IMC head office for obtaining a water connection, which is later installed by plumbers of the civic body.\"But we have been receiving complaints that plumbers are installing water connections after digging the roads without the necessary permission required for it,\" she said.IMC officials at the water supply department said that the plumbers of civic body and some lower level officials were also part of the gang providing giving illegal connection, which caused a huge revenue loss to IMC. They said that according to a rough estimate, there were thousands of illegal water connections under the jurisdiction of the IMC. Now, the civic body has instructed all its 12 zonal offices to find out illegal connections in the city and keep a watch on the fresh illegal water connections in the city.Right now Indore has more than one lakh illegal water connection, where as there are only 1.3 lakh illegal connection, out of which around 60,000 people are not paying their water dues. This is when IMC spent huge amount of money on water supply in the city. IMC spent around Rs 200 crores on water supply where it earns only around Rs 40 crores of revenue from water bills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12944297", "title": "Suicide spoils Metro 'record'", "text": "KOLKATA: Metro Railway failed to make it a perfect April so far as prevention of suicides is concerned. After four rescues, an unidentified man - in his early 60s - ruined Metro's record on the last day of the month by committing suicide at the Girish Park station on Monday evening. Services between Dum Dum and Maidan stations were disrupted for over an hour. This was the 238th attempt in the Metro network till date. While 117 people have been saved, the remaining died on the spot.\"The man jumped from the edge of the platform at 5.03pm, when a Dum Dum-bound train was entering the station. The motorman applied emergency brakes and did his best to control the train but the impact was too severe. The man collapsed on the track bed. We evacuated commuters, reversed the rake and switched off power to the third line before pulling him out. He had died by then,\" an official said.According to officials, the man may not have died had he jumped from the middle of the platform. Motormen reduce speed as the trains enter the platforms and get enough time to apply emergency brakes before the impact takes place. Three of the people saved in April received knocks on their heads but survived as the trains had slowed down sufficiently.\"Commuters suffered due to the disruption. We ran truncated services between Maidan and Kavi Subhas till 6.10pm when normal services were finally restored,\" the official added.Keeping in mind the large number of suicide attempts that take place, certain restrictions have been imposed on Metro motormen even after the induction of automatic signals. Officials, however, claimed that they have managed to get over the glitches involved with new signals. The trouble was due to wires getting loose, they said.Metro will run trains as per Saturday schedule on Tuesday, it being the May Day.Wednesday being May Day, Metro will run services on Saturday schedule.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12944914", "title": "Swank roads have no zebra crossings, pedestrians bear the brunt", "text": "HUBLI: Zebra crossings are essential for pedestrians to cross the roads. However, traffic authorities in the city have grossly ignored this basic fact. Several roads near major circles in the city do not have zebra cross markings, thereby making it difficult for people to use the roads.Absence of zebra crossings on busy roads creates confusion for both pedestrians and vehicle users. Vehicle users stop vehicles abruptly making it difficult for pedestrians to cross the roads.Key circles in the city like Basavavana circle, Court circle, Sangolli Rayanna circle, Lamington road, Ambedkar circle, Hosur circle and KIMS circle do not have zebra crossing, while zebra crossing marks are not visible at city's most significant Rani Chennamma circle.\"There is busy traffic all the time near Chennamma Circle and accidents are more likely to happen. Zebra crossing has to be re-painted as they are not visible,\" said Kalandhar M Kanvalli, student. Due to the lack of road markings, pedestrians are finding it difficult to cross roads.There is relatively less traffic sense among vehicle users. Most of them jump the signals and violate traffic rules. And traffic cops have become mute spectators to these violations. Naveen M, a student, said, \"First of all, zebra crossing is not marked. At least, more number of traffic cops must be assigned near crossing so that pedestrians feel safe\".Pedestrians feel unsafe to use roads. \"I am a regular road user, but I do not feel safe while crossing roads. Zebra crossings are not there and vehicle users do not care about pedestrians,\" expressed Arpitha Kulkarni, Medical Representative.Pedestrians are risking their lives to cross the roads. About six pedestrians have lost life in past four months near the busiest circles like Rani Chennamma circle and Krishna Bhavan circle. Last year, 30 pedestrians had lost their lives in the twin cities.ACP blames climatic condition\"Climatic condition is such that markings do not last long. But at the RTA meeting held recently, it was decided that markings should be done. We are also planning to assign more traffic cops at busy streets\" said N S Patil, ACP, traffic. Measures are also taken to create traffic awareness among public, he added.-- Yashaswini S N", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12946096", "title": "Boy shot dead: Police yet to make any arrests", "text": "KANPUR: The police have not been able to make any arrests in the death of a five-year-old boy, who was shot dead, on Sunday (April 29), allegedly for plucking mangoes from an orchard in Khairai village under Khaga police station of Fatehpur. The owner of the orchard and his sons have been accused of the murder.According to reports, the boy, identified as Shiva Yadav, son of Rajendra Singh Yadav of Nihalpur village, along with his mother, Chottan, had come to attend the marriage ceremony of his aunts at Khairai village. On Sunday, Shiva, along with other village boys, had allegedly sneaked into the mango orchard of one Gangadhar Dubey and was plucking fruits, when he was caught and later severely thrashed by Dubey.Thereafter, Shiva went back home and apprised his family members about the thrashing incident following which the boy's grandfather, Hublal Yadav, reached Dubey's house and entered into an argument with him over the issue. The locals pacified both the parties at the time.However, trouble started again when Gangadhar Dubey informed his son, Mahendra Dubey, about the issue. Mahendra, along with his associates, including his brother, Rajendra, Guddu, and Monu, armed with 'lathis' and country-made firearms reached Hublal's house. Just at that time, Hublal, along with his family members and relatives, was preparing to bring his married daughter back from her in-laws' house.Mahendra entered into an altercation with Hublal leading to a brawl that ended in someone from his group opening indiscriminate firing leaving Shiva, who was standing near the entrance of the house, critically injured.The police said that the boy was rushed to a nearby Community Health Centre, where he was declared brought dead on arrival.Deputy superintendent of police, Suryakant Tripathi said, \"The police have registered an FIR under section 302 of the IPC in this connection and launched a manhunt to nab the assailants.\"Tension was rife in Khairai village over the incident and additional forces were deployed to avoid any kind of backlash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12944523", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation to file police complaints against drain encroachers", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) will file police complaints against those who have encroached upon nullahs in the city.\"With the monsoon ahead, the PMC has started cleaning water bodies and nullahs. So far, we have served notices to 123 people and demolished 105 constructions that could obstruct free flow of water in the rainy season,\" said additional city engineer (roads) Vivek Kharwadkar during a discussion at the PMC general body on Monday.The GB also discussed the civic administration's report on encroachments on nullahs.The PMC had conducted a survey with the help of satellite images which found that nullahs and its tributaries in the city are being encroached upon. Pune city was divided into 23 watersheds and areas. A total of 234 nullahs were identified, and their lengths add up to 362.11 km. Of this, 15.93 km are fully obstructed and 51.89 km partially encroached upon.As per the survey, Kondhwa has 40,436 metres of nullahs. Of this, 3,084 metres are fully obstructed and 1,116 metres are partially obstructed. In Kothrud, of the 19,449 metres of nullahs, 1,155 metres has been encroached upon and 4,518 metres are partially obstructed.Wadgaonsheri has 16,236 metres of nullah. Of this, 3,326 metres are obstructed and 5,050 metres are partially obstructed. Bavdhan and Pashan together have 40,599 metres of nullahs.Of this, 2,773 metres are fully obstructed and 7,300 metres partially encroached upon.Aundh, again a developed part of the city with a lot bungalows and residential complexes, has 9,556 metres of nullahs, of which 1,200 metres is fully encroached upon and 2,500 metres partially encroached.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11373889", "title": "Role play for a dying relationship", "text": "Anupam Kher on how role-playing can salvage that dying relationshipWhat is closure? It is an emotional coming to terms. That is why psychiatrists say that in a flawed marriage, it is better to seek a divorce than to stay on in a hurting relationship.Because a divorce is final. It is a closure to all the fights, the hurt and the crying that went with it all. Now one can move on in life. The same logic holds for other vexed relationships as well. No one likes being dropped suddenly by a boyfriend or girlfriend. One would like to know the reason for the breakup. This is the closure we all seek.Ideally, we should be able to get over these relationships, and the persons, by enveloping them with forgiveness. I think it is more important to first empathise with their point of view and only then, if we think they are right, can we forgive them.But how do you achieve an empathy with them? There is a powerful tool in theatre, which can aid us. We call it role-playing.In his shoesLet us assume that you are having trouble with your father over the issue of your having smashed the family car. You have ofcourse looked at the incident from your perspective of having just one smash in the entire year. But start the role playing exercise and put yourself in his shoes. Then ask your friend to act your role of a brash 19-year-old son. Let him tell you in the brazen fashion you adopt: \"Dad, I had a bang-up today.\" Then act like the 46-year-old father and tell your friend how you had remonstrated against him driving the car that night as the roads were slippery after the rains. That you are not upset with him for the smash, but you are sad that he chose not to listen to your advice. And worse, he does not have any remorse. Your friend of course will now say that he is sick with your 'I told you so' attitude. And so it goes.The more you get into your father's shoes, the more you will find yourself understanding his character, emotions and thought process and the more you will start empathising with him as you are confronted by 'your' dislikable behaviour. If you are a girl, you could role-play your mother turning down your request for a new pair of shoes, as it is beyond the family budget.Empathy is keySuch role-playing helps understand situations and people. Try it and you will not be disappointed for roleplaying is a very important tool in our armoury to change ourselves.It is widely used in group therapy workshops around the world and in a spin off from the concept of Acting as Therapy.What is the link between acting and role playing? In a sense, every actor enacts a role. But to make that portrayal more effective, many techniques are employed, one of which is Method Acting. There are again many versions of this technique but basically it involves the actor getting into the emotions and memories of the character. To do that, I normally recommend actors work on a 'back story' of the character.What ticks?For example if I'm doing a scene about marital discord between husband and wife, it is important to think out what makes the man tick. I mean, get into his childhood: Was it disturbed? Was he a single child? Was he a deprived or was he a happy child? Then what about his teens: Did he have trouble with girls or was he well adjusted? Then about his profession: Was he successful or was he unsuccessful, like the legendary Willy Loman in Arthur Miller's Death of a Salesman? So is he taking out his professional frustrations on his wife? And what is the nature of their discord- the fact that he refuses to change?All these questions lead an actor to getting deeper and deeper into the skin of the character and bring the relevant emotions to the fore.In the same way, clinically, and honestly, analyse your life - understand why you are what you are - and you will come up with the hard answers. And the person who then plays 'you' can dramatise the situations to show you how you appear to others. It is a mind blowing experience and shows how acting can be therapeutic and also brings out the potential of role-playing.Look withinThe wonderful aspect about role-playing is that it is as applicable to obdurate teens as it is to corporate executives and is much simpler when there are groups involved. This is because it is easy to find someone to step into your shoes and act 'your' role as everyone has to be someone else.Among corporate executives, a majority of whom find the corporate ladder too slippery or who feel they have been short-changed by their companies, role-playing shows them their deficiencies and dramatizes exactly how they come across to their clients and bosses. Peers effectively act out the complexities of their characteristics.I have touched upon the husband wife interface because in my experience, it is the most troubled, and troubling relationship of our times. Unlike in our parents' generation, the gender roles were sharply demarcated, today, roles have dramatically changed.Wives are no longer always submissive. Husbands are no longer the sole breadwinners. Consequently, the issue is mostly about who wears the pants at home. Play your spouses role tonight and you'll find the answer.(Excerpted from The best thing about you is You! by Anupam Kher , published by Hay House India.)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12943670", "title": "CCTVs prove too good for criminals in Jaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: In close-circuit cameras, the Jaipur Police have found an unlikely ally that has helped them nab several criminals over the past one year.By installing CCTV cameras at nearly 150 public places, especially in the city's western parts including Vaishali Nagar, Sadar, Bani Park and Karni Vihar, the police have scripted a success story.According to an estimate, over 40 blind crimes of robbery, murder attempts, gun firing, vehicle lifting and chain snatching were cracked over the past one year after the miscreants were identified through CCTV footage. In certain cases, the footage proved to be vital evidence to bring the guilty to the book.The police are planning to install 1,000 more CCTVs at public places in the near future, and set up a separate cell to study the footage after every crime. The cell will have an additional responsibility of dealing with cyber crimes too.Commissioner of police BL Soni said, \"Over 150 CCTVs have been installed at public places with financial help from citizens, especially traders. These cameras are linked to the respective police stations and the policemen can watch footages live sitting in their office\".In Vaishali Nagar area, three men involved in shooting at a Khatipura-based businessman were brought to the book due to the CCTV footage in February. In Sadar police station area, the registration number plate of a vehicle carrying items stolen from a showroom was caught on the camera, following which the police managed to nab the thief. Similarly, Bani Park police caught a gang of fraudsters after the vehicle used by the miscreants was identified through CCTV footage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12943435", "title": "Telangana demand disrupts Lok Sabha proceedings", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Telangana demand kept Lok Sabha in a disrupted state on Monday, with Telangana Rashtra Samiti leader K Chandrasekhar Rao and his party colleague Vijayashanti squatting in the well of the House and raising slogans.Leader of Opposition Sushma Swaraj sought to prod the government into making a statement on Telangana, but leader of the House Pranab Mukherjee turned down the demand, emphatically shaking his hand to signal an unmistakable no.Congress MPs, who had been suspended last week for disrupting proceedings were not present in the House.Congress sources said the strength of the Telangana sentiment left MPs from the region with no option but to continue registering their protests and demands. Even some non-Telangana MPs from Andhra Pradesh said the leadership is needlessly worried about an adverse reaction as there is a sense of resignation over the statehood demand that is seen as inevitable.The sight of TRS chief squatting in the House also saw some MPs agreeing that the Telangana demand could not be put off for much longer and that the Congress may have to end its ambiguity on this score.As TRS members squatted and raised slogans, Swaraj said she was pained at the sight of members protesting despite questions being answered and pointed out that eight members have already been suspended over the issue.Speaker Meira Kumar adjourned the House till noon, when Swaraj sought adjournment of the Question Hour to allow Leader of the House Pranab Mukherjee to make a statement on the Telangana issue.When the House reassembled at noon, TRS members again came into the Well raising slogans and demanding that the government make a statement on the matter.The two members continued slogan-shouting but walked out when JD-U leader Sharad Yadav raised the issue of farmers' plight during Zero Hour. In the beginning of his speech, Yadav also extended support to the cause of separate Telangana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12943810", "title": "Metro work: Traffic curbs on Ring Road from June", "text": "NEW DELHI: With Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) gearing up to begin construction work of stations on the Mukundpur-Yamuna Vihar line, several traffic diversions will be put in place from AIIMS flyover to Wazirpur at six intersections.\"The diversions have been planned ensuring that there is minimum dislocation of traffic. They are expected to come into effect some time in June,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic), Satyendra Garg.The first diversion on Ring Road will be the closing of the left turn to Rao Tula Ram Marg under the Moti Bagh flyover. Commuters bound from Bhikaji Cama Place to RTR Marg will have to take a left before the marg and then turn towards it, said officials.The next diversion will be under the Raja Garden flyover where the left turn will be closed. Commuters who want to take a left will have two alternative options. \"They can either choose to take a left at Naraina under the Mayapuri flyover and proceed to Najafgarh Road via Mahakavi Goswami Tulsidas Marg or take a left from Major Sudesh Marg and reach Najafgarh Road,\" said Garg.The U-turn will also be closed underneath Raja Garden flyover. Commuters will have to travel over the flyover and then take a U-turn underneath the next flyover, said traffic officials. \"The next flyover is only a few metres ahead,\" said a senior traffic official.Meanwhile, those travelling on Najafgarh Road towards Raja garden will not be able to take a left turn for Punjabi Bagh. They will have to take an earlier left turn from Vishal cinema road and pass in front of Shivaji college in order to reach the Ring Road.Commuters will not be allowed to take a left turn underneath the Punjabi Bagh flyover on Rohtak Road. They can either take a left turn on Club road and travel via Paschim Puri Chowk on Club road and North Avenue to Rohtak Road or choose to take a right turn before Paschim Puri Chowk and reach Rohtak Road, said officials.There will be no left turn allowed from Ashok Vihar road to Ring Road. \"Commuters will have to take an earlier left turn and enter Ring Road just before Prem Bari Pul,\" said a senior traffic police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12945703", "title": "No kidding: Comedy is serious business now", "text": "GURGAON: Comedy is increasingly becoming serious business in Gurgaon. Be it corporate parties, casual bureaucratic gatherings, wedding ceremonies or the usual night clubs, comedians - whether it is amateurs or pros - can be suddenly seen everywhere in the city.And according to many comic artists, Gurgaon - having just the right number of corporate houses, clubs, and comedy enthusiasts - might be on its way to overtaking the established laughter-zones in Delhi, Bombay and Bangalore.Amit Tandon has been organizing standup events on a regular basis in the city, most recently, the ninth installment of the show named, 'Grandmaster of Comedy.'\"When it comes to comedy, Gurgaon is faring really well. The money is flowing in and enough people are coming out to watch the shows,\" said Tandon, a stand-up comedian himself. According to him, comedy is well-received only in cultures which aren't over sensitive, and Tandon's theory has it that the level of maturity in Gurgaon's young is just right for the jokes to click. \"This is a cosmopolitan city. Almost everyone is a migrant from other cities, and all clients our well-educated. So, if you do a Mumbai joke in Mumbai, you might get booed. But if you do a Gurgaon joke in Gurgaon, it's not a problem,\" he said.Neville Shah, a Mumbai-based comedian, who was in Gurgaon on Sunday for a performance at the Epicentre, said, \"I have already done more corporate gigs in Gurgaon than I have done in any other city.\" But Shah said that even if the market is opening up, the money offered to the comedians still remains low. \"Most comedians are doing something full time on the side to sustain themselves,\" said Shah, a full-time creative director with an ad-agency.However, money is not a problem once a comedian establishes himself. Depending on who is performing and who is the organizer, stand-up artistes can get anything up to Rs 4 lakh an hour. But setting aside the more established comedians like Papa C J, the lesser known faces get much less money. About Rs 5,000 a performance for them is a good sell. \"This might be one of the reasons why standup is picking up. People are realizing that it is not only desirable, but also affordable,\" said Keshav Naidu, a stand-up comedian and a resident of Gurgaon.According to Neeti Patla, a comedian and an organizer, an average stand-up performer is getting around 6-8 corporate gigs every year in Gurgaon, which is a decent number. Add to this the tens of comedy evenings and open-mic nights happening in the city every month, and you have yourself a standup scene with some potential.While there is enough demand for comedy in the city, and the new challenge is to stock up the supply. \"In Gurgaon, the market has expanded a little too quickly - so quickly that the supply hasn't caught up. The comedians are too few and those in the business aren't able to keep up and write new jokes this quickly,\" said Raghav Mandava, a Gurgaon-based comedian and the man behind Cheese Monkey Mafia, which organizes shows in the city once a month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12945183", "title": "Zonal cops to take up proactive policing, attend pending cases", "text": "VARANASI: The zonal police will launch a special drive from Tuesday to end pendency of investigation in the cases lodged with the police in the recent months. The zonal cops were also directed take up proactive policing to avoid occurrence of criminal cases of serious nature and ensure cent per cent rescue of missing and kidnapped girls.These directives were issued to all the SSPs and SPs at their first meeting convened here after the restoration of Varanasi Zone on Monday. During a closed-door meeting for over four hours, IG Zone Brij Bhushan reviewed the crime scene and also finalised the strategies for improvement in policing, and drives against organised gangs and auto-lifters.After the meeting, the IG informed the reporters that, \"Cases of murder, loot, theft, auto-lifting and clashes had increased in the past four months. Keeping the nature of serious crimes that took place in the recent months, the need for proactive policing has been realised. Preventive action, if taken in cases of property disputes and other rivalries, may prevent conversion of petty clashes into crimes like murders.\"The IG further stated that basic policing for strengthening the network of informers and keeping close vigil in each and every village and localities would be revived. He said that the senior officials have been asked to stay in their offices and tackle the grievances of people on a priority basis. Apart from this, the SSPs and SPs would also ensure modernisation of police control rooms and service of number 100 to ensure that no complaint remains unaddressed.He also asked his subordinates to initiate stern action against those police station in-charges who were expressing their unawareness about any incident even after its occurrence.The IG said that during the special drive being launched from Tuesday, the police in all the districts would intensify the efforts to end investigation in pending cases. During the same drive, actions like process of bail cancellation, property confiscation, announcement of cash reward, booking under the Gangster Act, the Goonda Act and the National Security Act would also be initiated against hard-core criminals and gangsters to put a check on organised crime, said the IG.The strategy to check the menace of auto-lifters has also been finalised. He also laid emphasis on proper implementation of police charter and Citizen Charter. The IG said that the Varanasi police have been asked to prepare long and short-term plans for improvement in the traffic scene. Keeping in view the beginning of Tendu leaves season, the IG said, the cops in all the three Maoist-affected districts have been directed to maintain extra alertness and intensify the combing operations.The senior cops were also instructed to start preparations for maintaining law and order during students union and local body elections. He said that low percentage of rescue of missing and kidnapped girl against the total number of cases is a serious matter of concern. Directives have been issued to ensure early rescue of such girls, said the IG. The DIGs of Varanasi, Azamgarh and Mirzapur ranges also remained present at the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12945311", "title": "Viveka Babajee suicide case: \u2018Statement of friend doctored\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Viveka Babajee's family has alleged that the Khar police introduced changes in a statement made by a friend of the late model, which was recorded on Friday.Babajee's brother-in-law Shailesh Parikh told TOI, \"Malik Sundrani (her friend) recorded a fresh statement but the police added that Malik feels 'Gautam, Rohit Jugraj and Kartik Jobanputra are not guilty' . Malik was not comfortable with this, but signed the statement.\"Dale Bhagwagar, spokesperson for Babajee's family said, \"The family will cooperate with the reinvestigation and hope truth will prevail.\"Cops tap experts in Babajee caseMUMBAI: The police are taking the help of forensic experts to examine the \"objectionable\" photographs and messages that stock broker Gautam Vora sent to late model Viveka Babajee in 2010, to decide if they can book Vora in Babajee's suicide case.The police had reopened investigation into Babajee's suicide recently and had begun to re-examine earlier evidence in the case. \"We are re-examining the evidence with the help of experts. If we will find any new evidence , we will book Vora in an abetment of suicide case,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12943154", "title": "New railway bridge brings better connectivity", "text": "NOIDA: With the commissioning of the railway over-bridge (ROB) at Dankaur on the eastern periphery, Gautam Budh Nagar has now achieved better connectivity with neighbouring districts of Aligarh and Bulandshahr. This has brought much respite to residents as well as transport vehicles of industries. The 737m-long ROB has been jointly constructed by the Uttar Pradesh Bridge Corporation (UPBC) and the Indian Railways in a little over two years and is expected to reduce long queues of vehicles at the railway crossing when it remains closed many times in the day to let trains pass. The ROB, which is at present a two-lane carriageway, will in the future be upgraded to four lanes.For upgrading the ROB to four lanes, a proposal has been sent by the UPBC to the state government after obtaining permission from the Railway Board. The existing two-lane double carriageway is 7.5m wide and has been built with 70 R Class Loading specifications in order to allow heavy vehicles to pass over it.\"The proposal for constructing this ROB was accepted in 2009-10 and work began on it in April 2010,\" said a senior official of UPBC. \"All work has been completed on the ROB in a span of just two years,\" said the official.The project has been built at Rs 20.75 crore. While the UPBC has invested Rs 12.97 crore for building the approach roads on either sides of the ROB, the Railway Board pumped in the rest of the amount.\"As per rail traffic standards, there is provision for construction of a four-lane over bridge at crossings where the TUV exceeds 3 lakh per day,\" said the official. \"Since the TUV is around 8 lakh per day at the Dankaur crossing, the Railway Board has given the approval for construction of a four-lane carriageway,\" said the official.The opening of the ROB is expected to bring great relief to commuters along the Ghaziabad-Bulandshahr route, which passes through Gautam Budh Nagar. Commuters now no longer need to waste time at the railway crossing while travelling to Aligarh, Bulandshahr or Sikandrabad. It is also a relief for those travelling from Delhi to these places through the Noida-Greater Noida Expressway.\"We had to take the Ghaziabad route to travel to the neighbouring districts to avoid the constant traffic jams at the railway crossings at Dankaur and Dadri,\" said Vikram Singh Kasana, a resident of Gamma-II in Greater Noida.The seamless connectivity with the neighbouring districts is also expected to be a big boost for the industrial sector. \"Transport costs would come down substantially since vehicles carrying goods to and from the industrial estate in Sikandrabad to Gautam Budh Nagar would now no longer need to take the Ghaziabad route,\" said S P Sharma, president of the Greater Noida chapter of Indian Industries Association. \"Moreover, the problem of labour shortage in Noida and Greater Noida would be reduced as labourers can move easily through better connectivity,\" added Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12945192", "title": "CM Manohar Parrikar: Dabolim will continue operations along with Mopa", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Monday stressed that Dabolim airport will neither be closed nor its operations reduced but with passenger and cargo volumes expected to rise exponentially in the next few years, Goa needs to go ahead with constructing the new airport at Mopa.Briefing mediapersons, Parrikar assured to meet and address the concerns of all who have apprehensions over Dabolim airport. \"More than 500 crore is being spent to create facilities for passengers at Dabolim. Nobody is a fool to spend 500 crore and then close it. But it (Dabolim) has its limitations,\" Parrikar said.The main limitation is that Dabolim, because of space constraints, will never be able to handle the cargo volumes that are expected to rise around 10 times in the next few years. \"Airports are not only about passengers. Cargo is also important,\" Parrikar said.Also, because of space constraints, the runway at Dabolim cannot be extended to allow landings of larger aircraft. It has no parking space and importantly, it will always remain in the control of the Navy, Parrikar said.Parrikar said any contractor who wants to take up the Mopa project will have to consider the fact that Dabolim will continue to exist. He warned that if Goa delays the airport project, Maharashtra will build an airport at Chipi in neighbouring Sindhudurg district and that would make Mopa unviable.Parrikar said that in 2003 when he was CM and Shripad Naik was Union minister, he had taken several initiatives towards Dabolim. It was those steps that allowed Dabolim airport to function till now as otherwise the airport was saturated even in 2003, he said.He said all concerned over Dabolim airport are free to submit their representations and he will call everyone in June and address their apprehensions.Though the government gave an in-principle nod to Mopa airport on April 23, some land remains to be acquired for the project. Some villagers whose land is being acquired have been questioning procedures followed, alleging that no environment impact assessment has been carried out. They also alleged that Mopa will not draw enough air traffic to make it a feasible proposition, considering requirement of volumes of traffic.The international civil aviation organization (ICAO) that had carried out a study of the project at the instance of the Goa government had raised doubts about the feasibility of a second airport if Dabolim airport is upgraded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12933898", "title": "Aamir Khan to act in Priyadarshan's AIDS film?", "text": "Superstar Aamir Khan is likely to feature in Priyadarshan's much-awaited film based on AIDS.\"The project on AIDS is on, but the script is not yet ready... (I had) too many schedules and things to do so couldn't finish the script. I had discussed it with Aamir earlier and that time he wanted to do the film,\" the director told PTI.The 55-year-old filmmaker has been talking about this project since 2009.It has been learnt that after Priyadarshan wraps up his current project, 'Kamaal Dhamaal Malamaal', he would start work on the untitled AIDS film, which will be without songs, comedy and free of commercial trappings.\"I will complete the script first and approach him (Aamir) again. If he has time he will do it,\" the National Award winning director said.Earlier, filmmakers Revathy and Onir had explored this subject (AIDS) in their films 'Phir Milenge' (2004) and 'My Brother Nikhil' (2005), respectively.While 'Phir Milenge' had a star-studded cast that included Salman Khan , Shilpa Shetty and Abhishek Bachchan , 'My Brother Nikhil' featured Sanjay Suri , Juhi Chawla and Purab Kohli.Both films did not have a successful run at the box office but they received critical acclaim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12944932", "title": "UP Police functions at 35% strength", "text": "LUCKNOW: With a headcount of nearly 5 lakh, the Uttar Pradesh Police is one of the largest police forces in the world. The same force, however, has the poorest police-population ratio in the country. This is primarily because 65% of its total sanctioned posts are lying vacant.The police-population ratio is computed on the basis of the total strength of the civil police as compared to the population of the area. The civil police here comprise the district police force or rather cops primarily responsible for maintenance of law and order and investigation of crime cases. It is this very section of the police that is majorly responsible for crime situation of any district.The total sanctioned strength of around five lakh is divided among, apart from civil police, fire department, home guards, crime branch crime investigation department (CB-CID), Special Task Force (STF), Anti- Terrorism Squad (ATS) and Provincial Armed Constabulary (PAC).In UP, there are 71 cops per lakh of population - the lowest in India after Bihar which has 64. Corresponding figures in Maharashtra, West Bengal and Delhi are 164, 95 and 403 while the national average is 133 cops per lakh population.The situation is even worse in terms of police-area ratio. UP has 59 cops per 100 square km of area - lowest in the country when compared to states which have a somewhat similar terrain. The difference in terrain remains a major factor in such calculations. Nothing explains this better that Rajasthan which has a police has 20 cops per 100 square km. Still it is not regarded as low simply because the desert part of the state adds to the area though only nominal policing is required there. In West Bengal, Chandigarh and Delhi the figures stand at 97, 4437.7 and 4980.6 respectively. Chandigarh and Delhi do have a terrain similar to UP.Apart from shortage of staff, the working hours are another major issue. It is well-known that the civil police in UP usually do not work in the normal eight-hour shifts. The shift duration in fact can vary between 12 and 18 hours a day, depending on the exigencies. Many a times, when situation demands, it can extend up to 24 hours as well. The UP police is also perhaps the only force in the world where a police station in-charge has to remain on duty 24X7 round the year, except for the limited time when he goes on leave.Since the functioning of the civil police is under constant public scrutiny, aspiring cops are pretty much aware of the work pressures, duty hours and other service conditions in which they have to perform. Still, it's creditable on their part that the men in khaki usually do not use the poor headcount as an excuse.But senior police officials feel that better service conditions can bring about drastic change in performance. \"Adequate government accommodation for the civil police and some kind of a limit on working hours per day can create wonders with the headcount available,\" says retired IPS officer and former director general of police (DGP) KL Gupta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12944735", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation to acquire Sonegaon lake", "text": "NAGPUR: With a motive to conserve and beautify Sonegaon lake, Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) general body has passed a resolution unanimously to acquire the lake from the private owners.Following the proposal from senior Congress corporator Praful Gudadhe, mayor Anil Sole allowed a discussion on the proposal. Corporators from Airport ward Rekha Barahate and Rajshri Pannase supported the proposal.During discussion, municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal informed the house that the proposal is the only option to take the lake in NMC's possession. \"NMC had proposed taking over of the lake from the private owners by giving them TDR of the land. The State government has rejected the proposal. Therefore, acquisition of the lake will ensure NMC's ownership,\" he said.Though the lake is owned by the private owners, NMC is carrying out developmental works as its responsibility for conservation and beautification of the lake.After this, the general body witnessed heated discussion between leader of opposition group Vikas Thakre and BSP corporator Kishor Gajbhiye. A proposal was placed in the general body to take back Shyam Hotel and develop it as Ambedkar Memorial as Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar had stayed at the hotel during the historical deeksha programme.Gajbhiye and Rahul Telang raised the long-pending proposal for construction of Ambedkar Janmashatabdi Smarak in Patwardhan ground, adjacent to Yashwant stadium and blamed Congress-led state government for the delay. Replying to them, Thakre said the proposal was pending as the matter was sub-judice. Praveen Datke requested Sole to constitute a committee for taking follow-up of the proposal and get it sanctioned in one or two months. Accordingly, the proposal was passed.Following a proposal to create more 2,000 posts of daily-wage sanitary workers, municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal suggested to take the decision after going through the aspects of administrative expenses. \"NMC's administrative expenses are above 35%. Any such increase in number of posts will further increase the expenses. Resolution should be taken in such a way that gets cleared from the government. If gets struck with the government, the corporators will shout on the government for delay,\" he suggested.Many corporators including Abha Pande, Alka Dalal, Satosh Hole alleged lack of sanitary workers in their wards. The resolution was passed in the general body and will be sent to the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12943197", "title": "Corporation to tax mobile phone towers", "text": "COIMBATORE: The city corporation is presently engaged in a bitter struggle with cellular phone service and infrastructure providers to include the mobile phone towers in its limits under its tax net. It is also reworking its strategy to bring the mobile towers under its tax net and plans to convene a fresh meeting with the telecom service and infrastructure providers operating within its limits to seek a total list of towers erected in the city.The civic body's initial move to levy tax on these telecom towers met with stiff resistance. A telecom infrastructure provider had even approached the Madras High Court and obtained a stay order about two months ago. However, corporation officials claimed that the stay order was issued for specific legal complaints and the corporation has decided to implement its decision to impose additional tax on the rest of the property owners who have rented out their premises for erecting mobile towers.\"We had initially tried to bring the mobile towers under our tax net and had also issued some notices to building owners but so far it has not been successful. Even though some of the towers are erected in residential buildings it can be taxed since it is used for commercial purposes,\" said a senior corporation official.The civic body had passed a resolution last year in its council to impose Rs 30,000 as annual tax from the property owners where mobile towers are erected in the city. The resolution was unanimously passed in the council and some councillors had raised questions about the health hazards caused from the electromagnetic radiations emitted from the towers.\"Our legal wing obtained a stay from Madras high court against Madurai and Coimbatore corporations move to levy tax on some of the mobile towers erected in their limits. So far the corporation had not made any counter move against the stay order,' said R Sathya Gopi, administrative head, Indus Towers Limited. At present, no separate permission is acquired from the civic body before the exercise is conducted though the city corporation had earlier mooted that a special permission should be taken to ensure the structural stability of the building before erecting the tower.Medical experts in the city claimed that though there have been an extensive study done on the ill effects of radiation from mobile network towers in various countries, a concrete opinion is yet to be formed about the ill effects of radiation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12942382", "title": "Parents protest over hike in school fees", "text": "NASHIK: Parents of students from the Nashik-based Rasbihari International School (RIS) on Monday staged a rasta roko on the MERI-Mumbai Agra national highway (NH3) link road, which is used by vehicles proceeding towards Gujarat, to protest against the alleged steep hike in tuition fees of the school by the management. Their demonstrations were temporarily suspended after police officials intervened and spoke to parents and the school administration. A decision was taken for joint meetings on the issue between the school chairman, trustees and parents on May 22.The parents, who had come to school with their wards to collect examination results on Monday, staged a rasta roko on the MERI-NH-3 link road near the K K Wagh College of Agriculture after they came to know about the hike in school fees from Rs 1,900 to Rs 3,100 per month.Senior police inspector (PI) from the Panchavati police station S D Walke and PI from Adgaon Subhash Daule rushed to the spot and cleared the traffic flow. But over 100 parents continued demonstrations outside the school gate. As it became difficult to bring the situation under control, PI Walke called both ACP Ganesh Shinde and DCP Sahebrao Patil and informed them about the incident and both rushed to the school. They held joint talks with both parents and the school administration. As the chairman and trustees of schools were out of Nashik, a decision was taken to hold a joint meeting between the parents and trustees of school on May 22. As a result, demonstrations by the parents were temporarily suspended.S K Jain, a member of the Parents Teachers Association ( PTA) said, \"The school administration has suddenly hiked school tuition fees from Rs 1,900 per month to Rs 3,100 per month for the new academic year 2012-13, without taking us into confidence. It is so difficult for the parents to pay this huge amount per month. The fees are higher as compared to other international schools in the city. The school administration must roll back the hike.\"Another parent Bodke said, \"This hike is too much considering the school's standard and the facilities it provides. The school has been increasing tuition fees every year. The fees, which was Rs 600 per month in 2006-07, has been increased to Rs 3,100 a month in the year 2012-13. Fees were increased to Rs 800 a month in 2007-08, Rs 900 a month in 2008-09, Rs 1,200 a month in 2009-10, Rs 1,400 a month in 2010-11, Rs 1,900 a month in 2011-12 and to Rs 3,100 a month for the academic year 2012-13.\"Hemant Singhane, administrative head of the school, justified the fee hike. He said, \"The is the first school in Nashik authorized by the Switzerland-based International Baccalaureate Organization (IBO) to run its primary years programme (PYP) and the fees of our school is less than that at other IBO schools. The fee hike was necessary in order to provide all the resources to maintain our standard. Besides, parents have already complained to the education fees committee in this connection and the committee has still not invited us for talks.\"\"We had talks with both parents and the school administration. But, as the chairman and trustees of schools were out of Nashik, we decided to hold a joint meeting of both parents and school trustees on May 22 to find a solution,\" said DCP Sahebrao Patil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12943926", "title": "Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar petitions PM for 'Special Tourist Zones'", "text": "PANAJI: The delay in transferring 3.5 acres of land at Dabolim from the Indian Navy to the airport authority for over five years, the need to relax noise pollution rules in select areas in view of Goa's tourism, the state government's wish to undertake the four-laning of the national highways in Goa without hurting existing structures are some of the issues that chief minister Manohar Parrikar raised with the Prime Minister Manmohan Singh when Parrikar called on the latter in Delhi on April 26.Parrikar said he had just \"informally\" raised some of Goa's \"concerns\" with the Prime Minister as his visit was actually a courtesy call. Parrikar said he would submit detailed proposals with suggestions to the Prime Minister at a later date.Parrikar said that due to the delay in handing over 3.5 acres of land at Dabolim by the Indian Navy for over five years, the fuel bunkers and parking at the airport could not be built. Dabolim received 25,000 aircraft and 35 lakh passengers last year and the above facilities are important, Parrikar said.The chief minister also told Singh that Goa needs some kind of relaxation in noise pollution rules at least in some specific areas because it is a tourist destination and some tourists want to enjoy night life which involves music. Some areas which are away from human habitation could be identified and designated as \"special tourist zones\" for this purpose, Parrikar said.Parrikar also informed the Prime Minister of the need to widen the national highways in Goa by the state itself so as to avoid demolition of existing structures. Parrikar said that the state would charge toll only on commercial vehicles to recover its costs. In his meeting with Union home minister P Chidambaram, Parrikar followed up about Goa's Lokayukta bill which is currently with the Union minister'. He also raised the issue of vacant posts in IAS and IPS officers in Goa.Parrikar also met Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar who assured his \"full support\" in agriculture, fisheries, horticulture and animal husbandry to Goa, Parrikar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12945887", "title": "Hearing on former BSP minister\u2019s petition today", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Hearing on a writ petition filed by former PWD minister Naseemuddin Siddiqui and his wife Husna Siddiqui in a disproportionate assets case will continue on Tuesday.The former cabinet minister had challenged the order passed by the UP Lokayukta, whereby the matter relating to his disproportionate asset case had been sent before the chief minister for reconsideration.A bench comprising Justice Amitava Lala and Justice PKS Baghel is hearing the case.Siddiqui and his wife had sought quashing of the order dated March 15, 2012, whereby the Lokayukta had referred the disproportionate asset case for reconsideration to the chief minister.The former cabinet minister had demanded not to disclose the material collected by the Lokayukta or opinion formed by him in respect of disproportionate asset case either in the print or electronic media.The state government, the chief minister (competent authority under the Lokayukta Act), Lokayukta of UP and NK Mehrotra in personal capacity had been made party in the writ petition.Petitioners' counsel Shashi Nandan argued that Lokayuta had no power to re-send the matter of disproportionate assets case to the present UP chief minister for reconsideration/review under the Lokayukta Act.He argued that once former chief minister (competent authority) Mayawati had finally considered the issue after the recommendation made by the Lokayukta and dropped the aforesaid proceedings, then the same disproportionate asset case against Siddiqui could not be reopened by the Lokayukta and also it could not be considered by the present chief minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12944812", "title": "Woman commits suicide, husband held", "text": "PATNA: A married woman, Jyoti Kumari (25), who was harassed by her husband, committed suicide by hanging herself from the ceiling fan of her room with the help of a dupatta at Moti Chowk locality under Khagaul police station on Monday.Khagaul police station SHO Kamod Prasad said that the deceased's husband, Satish Kumar Gupta, who runs a fast food joint, used to torture her and had driven her out of the house on Sunday. He said that Kumari, along with her one-year-old child, Ashish , had taken shelter at her uncle-in-law's house. Prasad said that Gupta, in an inebriated condition, reached there and abused Kumari and drove her out from there as well. He said that Kumari reached her husband's house and committed suicide.The post-mortem report has also confirmed death due to hanging, Prasad said and added that the deceased's brother and sister had lodged an FIR against Gupta. The SHO said that Gupta had been arrested and forwarded to jail.'Accused' released: The Gandhi Maidan police released Archana Tiwary, who was detained after her husband, Rahul Kumar (28), committed suicide at his flat in Om Raj Apartment on Jamal Road on Sunday. The local police had detained Tiwary after the deceased's sister, Nikki, alleged that her brother was murdered as he had strained relation with his wife.Town DSP Ramakant said that Tiwary was released after interrogation. Prima facie, it seems that Kumar had committed suicide though the post-mortem report is awaited, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12945388", "title": "Adarsh scam: Defence ministry tightens norms for giving NOC", "text": "MUMBAI: With fingers being pointed at the possible role of a few servicemen in the Adarsh scam, defence minister A K Antony has tightened the rules for issuance of no objection certificates (NOC) for construction on land adjacent to defence establishments.In new guidelines, the defence ministry has made it clear that in places where local municipal laws require consultation with the station commander before a building plan is approved, the commander may convey his views after \"seeking approval from the next higher authority not below the rank of brigadier or equivalent within four months\" of receipt of such requests. Also, the objection or views or NOC must be conveyed to state government agencies or to municipal authorities and \"under no circumstances...to builders or private agencies\".According to the CBI's FIR, Maj Gen (Retd) A R Kumar, as the then GOC, MG&G; Area, and Brigadier (Retd) R C Sharma , as the then deputy GOC of the area, \"dishonestly...issued a purported no objection certificate to the Collector, Mumbai, for the development of the plot\" . Meanwhile, Brig (Retd) P K Rampal, then Commandant , Sub Area, Mumbai, \"knew the GOC was not the competent authority to give the NOC, but did not object\".Even in cases where local municipal laws do not mandate consultations with the station commander, the guidelines require the commander to alert the higherups . If a construction is coming up within a 100-metre radius (for a multi-storey building, the distance should be 500 metres) of a defence establishment and may prove to be a security hazard, the commander should still \"refer the matter immediately to the next higher authority in the command\".On the occasions where the next higher authority is also convinced of the security risk posed by the construction , the station commander \"may convey the objection/views to the local municipality or state government agencies\". If in such cases the municipal authority or the state \"does not take cognisance of the said objection , then the matter may be taken up with higher authorities , if need be, through the ministry of defence\".The guidelines iterate that the objection or views or NOC shall \"not be given by any authority other than station commander\" . Once an NOC has been given, it would not be withdrawn \"without the approval of the service headquarters\". The new guidelines will not apply where constructions are regulated by the provisions of existing acts such as the Cantonments Act, Air Craft Act, and Works of Defence Act, 1903.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12948024", "title": "David Dhawan undergoes surgery", "text": "It was Salman Khan who had said that watching David Dhawan eating is more entertaining than watching David Dhawan's films. \"The man just eats and eats and eats,\" Salman was apparently heard quipping. That pleasure will soon be a thing of the past. David Dhawan will finally lose those tell-tale pounds on his body, thereby ending his 20-year old battle of the bulge.The decision was taken this week after David fell and fractured his shoulder at a public function on Wednesday. The prolific director who is currently shooting a remake of 'Chashme Buddoor', underwent emergency surgery on Thursday afternoon at Leelavati. The fall, it is felt by his doctors, would have been far less damaging if David had not piled on so much extra weight.In a do-or-die endeavour to get David back into shape his family has decided to finally put the podgy director on a strict diet once he's out of hospital. Says David's son Rohit, \"We don't know how exactly he tripped and fell.None of us was there with him. He had gone to attend his dear friends Shashi and Anu Ranjan's awards function. The next thing we heard he was at Leelavati. We rushed there and was told it was a very painful fractured shoulder. Dad underwent operation on Thursday. He's now recuperating, but in a lot of pain. He will have to undergo rigorous physiotherapy for a few months before his shoulder would be back to normal.\"Rohit says the accident was a \"good wakeup call\". \"We're definitely going to take charge of his diet now. Enough is enough. We don't want a replay of the accident that happened. Dad agrees with us. So now we are on the same page.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "cbi officials told to locate file", "code": "12945217", "title": "CBI officials told to locate file", "text": "CBI officials told to locate file: The court of special CBI judge Vimal Kumar, on Monday, instructed CBI officials to locate a missing file regarding a junior engineer, Rajesh Chadha, who is facing trial in a disproportionate assets case.Chadha was arrested for accepting a bribe of Rs 70,000, besides a case of disproportionate assets was also registered against him in 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12943200", "title": "No CWG flats for MPs", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government on Monday ruled out MPs being allotted the prestigious and high-cost Commonwealth Games flats near the Akshardham complex in Delhi.Urban development minister Kamal Nath , in an indirect reference to public anger over corruption, advised MPs not think about occupying the flats. \"I don't want to be a victim. You also won't like that. So, don't think about that,\" he told Lok Sabha.Nath said 100 CWG flats are going to be auctioned soon. Altogether 1,168 flats were constructed for the 2010 Games out of which DDA owns 711 flats. He said there would be a \"hue and cry\", if the flats were allotted to MPs in the \"present scenario\".The minister made his submissions while replying to a discussion on the demands for grants on his ministry. He said 52 flats for Lok Sabha MPs on Bishamber Das Road and 14 for Rajya Sabha MPs on Talkatora Road are under construction. \"Plan for constructing 460 flats on Feroze Shah Road and 400 flats in South Avenue is ready,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12945996", "title": "BJP wooing Muslims to expand its base", "text": "PATNA: As the national BJP has read a certain slide in the public stock of the Congress-led UPA at the Centre and also signs of possible re-emergence of space for the NDA in the national arena despite confusions caused by the talks regarding possible formation of the Third Front, the party has seemingly taken to wooing people of Muslim minority community in Bihar, where the Nitish Kumar-led NDA government has been ruling the roost for over the last six years in continuation.Accordingly, in his bid to clear any confusion on that point, senior BJP leader and deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi on Monday appealed to the people of the Muslim minority community in Bihar to ignore the anti-BJP propaganda unleashed by some political parties, specially the Congress and the RJD, and also asked them to join the BJP, as for the first time, a Muslim, Saba Jafar, has been elected MLA on the BJP ticket in the state.Modi was particular in reminding his audience that the anti-BJP propaganda, underlined by \"jajbaati baaten (emotional matters)\", first failed in Uttar Pradesh. \"Subsequently, it failed in Bihar, too,\" he said while addressing a function organized at the state BJP headquarters to celebrate the entry of Sheikh Muzammil, former national secretary of LJP, into the BJP along with his supporters.Curiously, in the recent months, despite a number of prime ministerial aspirants in the BJP, the gravity within the party has been shifting towards Gujarat CM Narendra Modi , whose rule, however, is haunted by Gujarat riots, but nearly offset or drowned by the hoopla that surrounds the \"development plank\", so much so that even corporate players, both in the country and outside, have not been shy of praising his rule for the same reason.\"The BJP believes in taking the people of all caste and communities along with it on the path of development. Our party has been practising it in Bihar as an inalienable part of the NDA government. We want Muslims to also join the mainstream,\" the deputy CM said, adding that the party's minority front had opened its units in all 38 districts of the state.Among the steps taken by the Bihar government for improving the lot of Muslims in the state, he referred to effective running of Maulana Mazharul Haq Arabic and Persian University, fencing of Muslim graveyards for which annual allotment had been increased to Rs 100 crore, grant of Rs 10,000 scholarship to Muslim girls who pass matriculation in first division, grant of scholarship to school children belonging to scheduled caste, scheduled tribe and extremely backward caste (EBC) sections that also includes Muslims, and taking steps to send their children to schools.\"Earlier, graveyards used to be the cause of many a tension in the state. Caste and community tensions have not occurred, and social harmony is the norm in our state,\" the deputy CM said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12945086", "title": "Government, Naxals reach pact; Alex to be released", "text": "BHOPAL: The 10-day-old hostage crisis involving IAS officer Alex Paul Menon, collector Sukma, is all set to end in the next 48 hours as the Chhattisgarh government and the interlocutors from the Maoist side arrived at a consensus and signing an agreement in state capital Raipur on Monday night.After several rounds of lengthy and hectic talks, government interlocutors Nirmala Buch and S K Misra; and mediators from the Maoist side Dr B D Sharma and Prof G Haragopal reached a consensus and they drafted an agreement jointly signed by them. Home secretary N K Oswal signed the two-page agreement as a witness from the government side.Under the agreement, a high-level committee, headed by Mrs Nirmala Buch will be set up to review the cases against undertrials. State chief secretary Sunil Kumar, Director General of police Anil M Navaney will be members of the committee.\"The crisis has been resolved. Alex Paul Menon will be released by the Maoists inthe next 48 hours\", chief minister Raman Singh told a hurriedly convened press conference immediately after the interlocutors and the top government official signed the agreement. \"I think it's a good initiative for beginning of process for establishing peace and development,\" Singh said and express gratitude to the people of the state for building public opinion in favour of the release of the collector from Maoist captivity. \"We will start implementing on the points on which the interlocutors had arrived at a consensus soon,\" he said adding that a high-powered committee has been constituted to review the cases. \"We will expedite the investigation and the trial in all such cases,\" he added. However, he refused to specify anything more saying that \"I am hopeful of collector's release very soon\".Earlier, Dr B D Sharma told journalists, \"We are planning to stay in Chhattisgarh till the release of the collector Alex Paul Menon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12943538", "title": "\u2018Large-scale graft in dam projects\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: A public interest litigation on Monday urged the Bombay high court to halt work immediately on the Kondhane irrigation dam project, pointing out that there was large-scale corruption in the construction of dams in Maharashtra.The petition, filed by four activists, including Mayank Gandhi, a coordinator of India Against Corruption , stated that the state's water resources department had been sanctioning dam projects without the water regulatory authority's clearance.The petition alleged that F A Enterprise and F C Construction from Khar, although purported to be different entities, were one and have been awarded \"a disproportionately large number of irrigation project contracts within Thane and Raigad districts\".The Kondhane dam is being built on the Ulhas in Raigad district. The petition said invariably, the tender was issued for a minor dam and after it was accepted, the dam was converted into a medium dam with a manifold increase in cost without fresh tenders. \"This is what happened in the case of the Kondhane dam too,'' the petition stated.It added that construction had started without permission from the ministry of environment and forests, the railways and Archaeological Survey of India even though over 261 hectares of forest land was going to be affected, the dam is close to the Mumbai-Pune railway line and the Kondhane caves, a protected monument, are within the catchment area. The petition said Raigad was in seismic zone IV, which is highly prone to earthquakes. \"Till date, there has not been any environment assessment and there was no public hearing,'' it said, adding that the Konkan Irrigation Development Corporation had breached guidelines on public tendering.The petition alleged that the Kondhane project was pushed and the tender kept under wraps for most part.It stated that although it was tendered as a minor irrigation project with a 39-meter dam height, with a project cost of Rs 56.17 crore, within a month of awarding the tender, the dam height doubled to 71 meters and it was converted, at an additional cost of Rs 271.45 crore.The PIL said \"it was a common modus operandi'' of the water resources department to increase the height and cost of dams in the state after tendering. The matter was listed for hearing on Monday but did not come up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12945342", "title": "Officials pass the buck as civic helpline stays off the hook", "text": "CHENNAI: Wondered why your civic complaint gets no response? Here is the reason: Only one of the nine telephone complaints made to the Chennai Corporation's helpline (1913) is forwarded to the officer concerned.The corporation on Monday suspended four employees manning the cell, but the staff said they were being victimised as part of a move to bring in new staff of some officers' choice.On Monday, the helpline kept ringing for several hours. The cell, launched in 2008, allows citizens to file complaints about piling garbage, badly maintained parks, dysfunctional streetlights and pot-holed roads. The telephone operators take down the complaints and call the zonal office or the department concerned.Since October 25, 2011, the corporation has registered 5,754 complaints, but officials registered and acted only on 604 complaints. The corporation is now alleging that the operators were noting down the complaint, but failed to immediately notify the field and zonal officers concerned. \"We did not attend to complaints because these complaints weren't forwarded,\" said corporation commissioner D Karthikeyan. The feedback form and action taken report has remained largely empty.Some senior councillors argued that there was no way of proving these staff did not forward the complaints. \"They are all oral complaints. Often officials and engineers have ignored the complaints they received,\" said DMK councillor and floor member Subhash Chandra Bose.The telephone operators said the same. \"We inform zonal officers and field officers, but they don't come back with action taken reports. Many times they don't even hear us out completely,\" said one of the suspended operators. The corporation refused to provide zone and department-wise data of complaints registered.\"We do not have such data readily. It will take us a long time to get it,\" said a highly placed official in the civic body. The operators say the corporation should have the data. \"When we record a complaint in our books, there is a column with zone number or department name which is filled in,\" said an operator. Officials said the civic body received 1,896 complaints online, and were all acted on immediately. But data accessed by TOI in March shows only one of the 372 complaints received from extended areas has been acted upon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12944422", "title": "Stolen car found near HL College of Commerce", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Sujal Singhaniya, the conman who has duped several students of Gujarat University (GU) with his glib talk, abandoned the Nissan Sunny car that he had stolen from a Visnagar-based businessman, Piyush Patel. The car was found near HL College of Commerce on Sunday.Passersby reported the matter to the police control room. Later, the car owner was called to the spot to identify the vehicle. City police have now roped in forensic experts to find clues from the car that can lead them to Singhaniya, a resident of Sola Road.\"When Patel opened the car with a duplicate key, he found that the bag containing cash that he had kept in the car, was missing. We have approached the toll booths near Ahmedabad to know whether the car passed through it,\" said M R Sharma, inspector of Vastrapur police station.Singhaniya has been identified as a serial fraudster and recently the GU authorities had put up his posters on the campus, warning students to beware of him. Singhaniya allegedly duped several university students, including three girls to whom he promised to marry. He is said to have borrowed at least Rs 5 lakh from these girls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12945218", "title": "Drunk on duty, cop suspended", "text": "Head Constable Hardev Singh who is working with the PCR wing was suspended following a complaint that he was in found in an inebriated condition while on duty on Sunday night. Hardev fled from the police gypsy near Sector 34 when duty incharge inspector Raghubir Singh reproved him.Police sources said before leaving the vehicle, Hardev handed over his revolver to his driver. A DDR was registered in this regard at the police station in Sector 34.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12943695", "title": "Fee on flights from Mumbai starts today", "text": "MUMBAI: People booking tickets on planes departing from Mumbai airport will have to pay a development fee of Rs 100 for domestic flights and Rs 600 for international ones. While some airlines would levy the charge on tickets booked from Tuesday, others might take a day or two to upgrade their system to collect the new charge, said a Mumbai International Airport Pvt Ltd (MIAL) spokesperson.\"To obviate inconvenience to passengers and for smooth and orderly airport operations, it has been decided that all the airline shall collect Development Fee from passengers at the time of issue of air ticket and remit the same to MIAL,\" stated a circular by the Director General of Civil Aviation on Monday.The DGCA circular recommended that MIAL could exempt children under the age of two, holders of diplomatic passports, airline crew on duty, persons travelling on official duty on aircraft operated by armed forces or United Nations Peace Keeping missions, transit/transfer passengers and flyers leaving from Mumbai due to involuntary routing. \"For the collection of levy, charges not exceeding Rs 5 per international flyer and Rs 2.5 per domestic flyer shall be receivable by the airlines from MIAL, which shall not be passed on to passengers,\" the DGCA circular added.Though the development fee will hike the ticket costs, what passengers from Mumbai need to look out for is the quantum of User Development Fee the airport regulator will sanction. A decision on the UDF charge applicable for Mumbai airport is expected in a few months. In Delhi, the UDF for international travel has been set at Rs 845.50 for outgoing passengers travelling 2,000-5,000 km and Rs 699.17 for incoming ones. For those travelling beyond 5,000 km, the UDF will be Rs 1,068 for outgoing and Rs 881.10 for incoming flyers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12944370", "title": "A life gone wrong ends on a gory note", "text": "NAGPUR: The murdered goon Prashant Chalpe, once accused under Maharashtra Control of Organized Crime Act, had made a u-turn in life from mainstream to anti-social activities. A marketing executive in a Pune-based agency selling law books in mid-90s to a hardcore criminal in Nagpur by 2005 had been his journey that was abruptly brought to an end on Sunday at Shree Krishna Nagar where he was murdered over a monetary dispute. Chalpe, who had killed his younger brother in 2006, was recently released from Aurangabad jail.Son of a proof-reader who had worked in a premier law book publishing company, Chalpe started his career selling books of same firm through an agency in Pune after completing his graduation in commerce. A friend of his said his life took an unexpected turn after Kotwali police booked him for robbery towards the end of 90s. \"Chalpe was implicated in the case in which some of his friends were allegedly involved. He used to spend time with them and that seemed to be his fault,\" said the source.\"He was dejected that no one came to help him in the situation that led to his spending a few months in the jail. Chalpe later got disconnected from his family as they likely distanced themselves from him for the company he kept,\" the friend said. He also added that Chalpe was also implicated in the case of gang-rape while it was his aides who had committed the crime. \"The woman was of dubious character and knew the cops well. Chalpe was framed again for being with the culprits,\" he said.A police head constable, who had interrogated Chalpe, said he was surely brainier than his peers and had the strength of education. \"Chalpe would be aggressive until we made him emotional. Often we found him repenting for his own ways after counseling. He would often promise to reform,\" said the experienced cop. He added that hardcore criminals could not be mended by lathis or jail. \"Many times emotional approach works better,\" he said. \"It was Chalpe's drinking habit that drove him to keep criminals as company and forced him to take up their lifestyle,\" said the head constable.Principal of Matru Sewa Sangh Institute of Social work John Menachery, who specializes in criminology, said that the definition of crime in the society was what the majority felt it should be. \"What could be crime for rest of the society may not be the same for an individual who might be committing it thinking himself as a superior being or doing it as a challenge to the rest. Or, it may be just a psycho-pathological behaviour like that of the perverts,\" he said.Custody till May 5 for Chalpe killersFour assailants, including former RSS functionary Ganesh Shripatre, have been remanded to police custody till May 5 by the court where they were produced on Monday. Sachin Wasnik, Shilwant Sontakke and Suresh Nikhare apart from Shripatre were among the ones held for Chalpe's murder in the wee hours of Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12948206", "title": "Vijay heads to Bollywood", "text": "Ilayathalapathy Vijay is now all set to wow Bollywood audiences, after his Thuppakki's first look was well received by the fans and viewers.It is being reported that Vijay is to shake legs with Akshay Kumar in the film Rowdy Rathore, which is the remake of Siruthai. Chorographer-actor-director Prabhu Deva is donning the directors cap for this action entertainer that casts Sonakshi Sinha as the female lead.Prabhu Deva and Vijay seem to have shared a good rapport, so that the latter has given a nod when Prabhu asked him if he could dance for a peppy number in his forthcoming film Rowdy Rathore along with Akshay Kumar. This highly anticipated film is being produced by Sanjay Leela Bhansali and UTV Motion Pictures.Source: way2movies.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12943958", "title": "Girl 'denied' ICU bed, dies; protest at Sawai Man Singh hospital", "text": "JAIPUR: The office of the superintendent at Sawai Man Singh (SMS) hospital witnessed unruly scenes on Monday when a 17-year-old girl, who was also a relative of a senior nurse in the same hospital, died during treatment.The relatives of the patient were demanding ICU but they could not get it. Later the girl died, triggering protests at the hospital. A large number of nurses and relatives of the patient entered in the superintendent's office while others stood outside, protesting the incident.They continued protesting at the hospital for more than 3 hours forcing superintendent LC Sharma to leave the office. Meanwhile, police also reached the hospital while the guards tried to manhandle a photojournalist present on the spot.The girl, Diksha, was admitted to the medicine ward with fever and respiratory problems two days ago. But when the condition of the patient started deteriorating in the morning, her aunt Gayatri tried to shift her to the ICU.Since Gayatri is a senior nurse in the hospital, she rushed to the hospital superintendent LC Sharma's office urging him to allot ICU. But all her efforts went in vain.\"I tried a lot to ensure that my niece get a ventilator. But the hospital administration did not provide the facility, which is why my niece died,\" said Gayatri.She said that she had herself checked the availability of the ICU. \"Bed number 10, 4 and 8 were vacant and I informed the hospital administration about it. However, still they did not allot the ICU,\" she said.Later, superintendent Sharma formed a committee to look into the matter. \"A committee has been formed which will fix the responsibility behind the incident,\" Sharma said. He said that the girl had died due to acute respiratory distress syndrome.He said that there is a proper procedure for allotting ICU to a patient. It is the doctor, who is treating the patient who applies for ICU. \"In this case, there was confusion. We have not received any call from the doctor. We have formed a committee which will look into the matter,\" Sharma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "karnal", "code": "12945625", "title": "Woman shot at in Karnal district courts complex", "text": "KARNAL: A woman, who had come to an Assandh court to get an order issued to sell her three acres of land, was shot at reportedly at the instance of her own relatives inside the court complex on Monday.According to police, Manjit of Dupedi village in Karnal district owned a three-acre piece of land in the village, which she wanted to sell. She had accordingly moved an application in the court, the order on which was to be pronounced on Monday.But as she came out of the court with the said orders, some unidentified persons, believed to be hired by her relatives, who were against her selling the land, opened fire at her. She sustained bullet injuries and was rushed to an Assandh hospital, where her condition was stated to be critical.Police said that an attempt on Manjit's life was made in 2007 also, in which she had a narrow escape but one of her relatives was killed. Following this, she had left her village and started living in a village on the outskirts of Delhi.SP, Rakesh Arya, said that the woman had demanded security from district police which was promptly provided to her. But after she got the orders from the court, she asked the security guard to go, immediately after which the firing incident took place. Meanwhile, the SP said that special teams have been constituted to nab the accused and that security at Asandh courts were being stepped up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12947776", "title": "Ekta -Vivek party and make up", "text": "Bollywood parties are uncannily similar to the films they make. While some of these dos are action oriented, some end with people weeping.And some end with 'and they lived happily ever after'. Mushtaq Sheikh's party hosted at Ekta Kapoor's Juhu residence on Sunday night, however, fell into the third genre. Ekta Kapoor opened her arms to Vivek Oberoi.When Vivek was unceremoniously dropped from Ekta's production Shootout At Wadala, a rift had developed between the two. So when Vivek entered Ekta's home for the party, he made heads turn. But the highlight of the evening had to be the cake. In keeping with his star status, Shah Rukh Khan walked in at 2 am, when most others had left albeit without a piece of the birthday cake. That's because, Mushtaq refused to cut his cake without his favourite Khan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12944351", "title": "CM's nod for tax waiver extension", "text": "KOLKATA: The Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) on Monday extended its waiver scheme on property tax interest and penalty till May 15, following green light from chief minister Mamata Banerjee . The civic body has so far got an overwhelming response from the defaulters.It has mopped up a whopping Rs 304 crore with tax defaulters turning up in large numbers to avail the waiver and clear their outstanding dues.The government's permission for the extension landed at the civic headquarters in the evening.Municipal commissioner Arnab Roy had earlier written to state municipal affairs secretary Alapan Bandyopadhyay seeking an extension of the waiver deadline. The formal approval was issued after the chief minister nod. Mayor Sovan Chatterjee said all treasury counters across the city, including the one at the civic headquarters, will remain open next two Sundays - May 6 and May 13.The mayor hopes that with the deadline extension, some more defaulters will clear their dues. The civic body is need of a huge amount to fund development projects in the city. \"The waiver scheme has been a major success. The funds available from the scheme will be utilized on development work,\" Chatterjee said.Going by the KMC revenue department records, around 1.30 lakh taxpayers have applied for the waiver so far. Though the initial response to the scheme (that opened on February 1) was lukewarm, revenue collection gained momentum in the last 30 days. \"While we collected Rs 100 crore in the first two months, in April alone we got Rs 204 crore,\" said a KMC assessment department official.A treasury department official said around 15,000 taxpayers deposited their dues amounting to Rs 100 crore in last week alone. \"On Saturday, we collected Rs 38 crore under the scheme, an amount higher than the entire collection under the scheme in February,\" the KMC treasury department official said.Figures available with the KMC assessment department show that 70% of those who availed of the scheme owed the civic body between Rs 10,000 and Rs 50,000. The bulk of the remaining 30% defaulters owed between Rs 50,000 and Rs 100,000. Only 10 major defaulters owing Rs 1 crore and above came forward to clear their dues, said a KMC assessment department official.It was due to an overwhelming response from small defaulters that the civic body deployed extra manpower at major treasuries across the city and the cash collection centres had been kept open till 8pm last week. Debabrata Majumdar, member, mayor-in-council (revenue), who took charge a couple of months ago, felt that the scheme succeeded as a majority of minor defaulters queued up to pay their dues.But some minor defaulters who cleared their dues resent that the KMC assessment department sent them fresh tax bills even after issuing an NOC.Majumdar acknowledged the problem and assured that every single problem would be taken care of. \"We have already rectified a large number of tax bills sent by default,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12944711", "title": "Corporation gears up for Chithirai festival", "text": "MADURAI: Though the new AIADMK-led city corporation announced several facilities for the upcoming Chithirai festival, devotees are keeping their fingers crossed due to the poor track record of inefficiency from the corporation during the previous years.On Monday, corporation mayor, V V Rajan Chellappa announced a budget of Rs 47.83 lakh budget for Chithirai festival, in which more than 10 lakh devotees are expected to attend this time. The budget includes infrastructure such as temporary bridge, barricades, sanitation facilities and drinking water facilities. The corporation had also made plans for medical teams to meet out emergencies, creches for the devotees and other basic amenities. In spite of the corporation announcing a whopping budget for the preparations as the main festival is to be held between May 2 and 6, devotees are not convinced due to the previous years' preparations by the successive corporations.\"Corporation lacks foresight and long-term planning for Chithirai festival that happens every year. So far, we have seen inadequate preparations from the corporation because there will be water tanks but the water will not be refilled for the devotees. Most of the crowd arrives in the city during the previous night, but due to inadequate toilet facilities, the entire river will stink next day. Besides, corporation never plans on crowd management and emergency planning in case of any crisis,\" fumed H Aadhiseshan from Hindu Munnani. He pointed out how one of his relative died in the Chithirai festival two years ago. \"We were looking out for emergency services after he developed a respiratory problem but to no avail. We watched helplessly as he died on the spot,\" he recalls.\"If the corporation has set aside Rs 47 lakh, let them plan meticulously on amenities for devotees because we are hearing about such a budget for the first time. Let them verify if the budget allocation was spent properly and maintain accounts. From our side, we will ask for the accounts to be made public through Right to Information Act,\" VHP's district president, Chinmaya Somasundaram said. \"For these many years, we have seen poor planning and inefficiency from the corporation in providing adequate facilities to the devotees,\" he mentioned.BJP propaganda secretary, Saseeraman insisted that the budget should be utilised in providing the sanitation and other basic amenities to the devotees thronging the festival. \"Last year, preparations were pathetic and we saw the corporation officials concentrating on providing best facilities to VIPs and their relatives and not the devotees. Sanitation and drinking water facilities were not adequate and we expect better facilities this time. The budget amount should be utilised for the welfare of the devotees,\" he stressed.Meanwhile, the corporation for the first time cleared the encroachments near Ramarayar Mandapam where Lord Kallalagar will take his abode during the festival. The residents were taken by surprise when the corporation cleared the encroachments without prior warning.M Kumar, a resident in the area said that it was the first time, the corporation cleared the encroachments but they have done it without proper warning causing lot of hardship to them. When asked about the preparations by the civic body, he said that the drinking water provided in the tanks will deplete in no time and it will not be refilled so the local people will provide drinking water to the devotees. \"Law and order problem is another concern because we see clashes in the area every year. Hence, adequate security measures should also be done for the festival,\" he said.People feel that the corporation should come out with better planning which should start before a month's time and the officials should do the preparations with a commitment of serving the devotees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12945616", "title": "New water policy aims to cut wastage in urban areas", "text": "GURGAON: In a move to prevent water wastage, the state government has notified the Haryana State Urban Water Policy for 2012. The public health engineering department has formulated this policy keeping in view of the high percentage of wastage of water through unmetered water connections in urban areas.Government sources said that the water wastage is more in the case of those consumers who are being billed on a flat rate basis. The new policy aims to provide water supply to the metered connections in the domestic, commercial, industrial and institutional sectors. It will also convert existing unmetered water connections into metered ones in the next one year. Besides this, the policy also aims to save precious drinking water by preventing wastage of water through open taps.The policy will have the force of administrative regulations and will be binding on all stakeholders. It would also be applicable to all service-providing authorities such as public health engineering department, housing board, HUDA, HSIIDC, municipal corporations and urban local bodies.A spokesperson said that the policy would be implemented by a state-level empowered committee headed by public health engineering secretary.He added that authorities responsible for supplying of drinking water would sanction only the metered connections. Any water connection remaining unmetered after the deadline would be charged at the penal rates and the authority concerned can also disconnect the supply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12944192", "title": "Is gap between Patto bridges widening?", "text": "PANAJI: A gap between the old Patto bridge that leads into Panaji city and the new bridge that leads out of the city has alarmed residents and motorists that use the two bridges.TOI has pictures of the apparently widening gap between the new Patto bridge and the road divider that separates the two bridges. The gap was not visible earlier but has widened over time posing questions on whether the new bridge is gradually developing a tilt on the Mandovi riverside and bringing into focus the safety of the bridge.PWD chief engineer IJ Borkar dismissed safety fears saying any problem with the new bridge is \"out of question\" as \"it is not a structural gap\". He said the bridges were not built simultaneously and that the gap was always there as the two bridges are structurally separate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12944155", "title": "North corporation starts with scanty staff", "text": "NEW DELHI: North Delhi Municipal Corporation - one of the three new civic bodies - was finally constituted on Monday but began functioning without any administrative staff. While the mayor, deputy mayor and standing committee members were elected in the first house meeting, the corporation is hamstrung by inadequate staff, especially at the headquarter level, and can't start operations.MCD officials at the headquarters are clueless about their new postings as no official order has been issued by the Delhi government-appointed director local bodies regarding division of the headquarter staff.Delhi government trifurcated MCD in haste but is yet to finalize the nitty-gritty of the trifurcation process. The official order regarding appointment of three new municipal commissioners was signed by Lieutenant Governor Tejendra Khanna on Sunday.Interestingly, the oath-taking ceremony of the new corporation couldn't start on time as the new commissioner, P K Gupta, took charge just an hour before the ceremony was to begin.Mayor Meera Aggarwal, who was elected on Monday, complained: \"There was a lot of confusion on Monday. The government didn't plan the trifurcation properly. We have been against it since the beginning and now we are going to face the consequences of the government's poor planning. Mayor, deputy mayor and standing committee have been appointed but we don't have staff at the headquarter level. We can't start functioning from tomorrow.\"With MCD commissioner K S Mehra yet to be moved to Delhi government, Gupta has to wait before he can shift to his new office.Earlier in the day, Aggarwal - a three-time BJP councillor - was sworn in as the mayor with Azad Singh as deputy mayor. Six councillors - Mukesh Goel and Prithvi Raj Rathore from Congress; and Yogender Chandolia, V P Pandey, Surinder Kaur and Hoor Banu from BJP were elected as members of the standing committee.Referring to former BJP president Bangaru Laxman, who was recently sentenced to four years in jail by a Delhi court for taking a bribe of Rs 1 lakh in a fictitious arms deal case 11 years ago, Congress councillors shouted slogans against the BJP, which is the ruling dispensation in the new corporation.There was an uproar in the house after the one of the Congress councillors, Aruna, said while taking oath that she \"will not indulge in corrupt practices like BJP's Bangaru Laxman\".Outgoing Delhi mayor Rajni Abbi, who was the presiding officer for Monday's ceremony, asked her to take the oath again and take back her words.Meanwhile, no files, especially the ones related to development work, were signed on Monday.Senior MCD officials said: \"We will continue to function from our offices at Civic Centre. Though the building has been divided between the two corporations, officials still don't know where to sit. Senior officials have been asked to look after the functioning of all the three corporations till the official orders are received.\"At the first house meeting, the budget for the new corporation was adopted. \"We will ask Delhi government to give us a grant and not a loan. If the corporations start with a huge loan, it will be very difficult to carry out development work. The terms and conditions of the loan should be more relaxed,'' said Aggrawal.She also proposed formation of a mayor-in-council so that the deliberative wing would have more powers.With the implementation of 50% reservation for women, the House had a lot of young women councillors. Some of the first-time councillors were not audible while they took the oath.Welcoming the councillors, Aggarwal advised them to exercise restraint while taking important decisions. \"It is an important post and you should be very careful while taking any decision,'' she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12945974", "title": "Student on joyride in cab killed", "text": "BANGALORE: A 20-year-old student died on Sunday night when a cab he was taking a joyride in hit a motorcycle before ramming a hoarding near a marriagehallon Infantry Road. The biker escaped with minor bruises, while the pillion rider suffered grievous injuries.The deceased is Ishaq Sharif, 20, a resident of Lingarajpuram. He was awaiting II PU results . Ishaq was taking a joyridein thetaxibelonging to his relative, Ali Baig , who was in the driver's seat when the accident occurred around midnight. Ishaq was sitting next to Baig.After the speeding cab hit the motorcycle, rider Gautham of Hebbal fell and suffered minor bruises, while his friend on the pillion, Mahesh, sustained serious injuries. Both were admitted to Nimhans.Gautham told police that he andM aheshwere returning home when the car hit them and rammed the pillars of the hoarding. Baig was arrested and the cab (KA-53-A-1698 ) seized. Ishaq , on his way to attend a function at the marriage hall on Infantry Road , died on the spot after sustaining head injuries, police claimed.Ishaq's parents are in Saudi Arabia and he was staying in Baig's house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "12943155", "title": "Air India flight makes emergency landing", "text": "MALAPPURAM: An Air India (AI) flight from Kozhikode to Dubai was forced to make an emergency landing at the Calicut International Airport on Monday after its right engine failed when a bird hit the propeller blades. AI officials said the aircraft AI-937 took off at 10.05am but made an emergency landing at 11.09am.The incident happened when the flight was on ascent after the take-off. The aircraft stayed on air for over 40 minutes after the engine failure to shed its fuel and bring down its weight to landable optimum weight. In this process, it ejected more than half of its fuel.After the air traffic control received the bird hit report, an alert for emergency landing was sounded out. The pilot landed the plane without any hitches and all the passengers returned safe. To re-accommodate the passengers AI cancelled its Calicut-Delhi flight and operated it as Calicut-Dubai at around 2pm.AI spokesperson said the airline has suffered losses to the tune of crores as five blades of propeller were damaged in the bird hit. \"The take off speed of an aircraft is 900 km per hour and if any particle hits the engine, it will stop functioning. Normally, pilots will not take the risk of flying an aircraft with single engine,\" he said. The engineers from Delhi have already started repairing the engine of the aircraft and the works would be completed by Tuesday afternoon. The AI official also said that the extent of damage suffered by the aircraft is yet to be assessed.Keep airport area litter free: AIAI officials have called upon the airport authorities to address the issue of bird menace in airports. \"We have experienced similar incidents many times in Kerala. The authorities should take proper steps to prevent it,\" the AI spokesperson said.The major reason for the bird menace near airports is the garbage dumped in the area. \"The airport premises should be garbage free. There is no other way to prevent such incidents,\" the spokesperson said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12946131", "title": "Six killed in two accidents in central Gujarat", "text": "VADODARA: Six people were killed in two road accidents in central Gujarat on Monday. While three persons were killed at Karjan taluka, the others were killed in another accident that took place near Pavagadh highway. One person was arrested in connection with Karjan accident. According to Karjan police, Gangaprasad Borse, a resident of Uttar Pradesh, driving the truck recklessly rammed into a motorcycle, mowing down two persons near Kandari village. Borse then took wrong side of the road and ran over a pedestrian killing him on the spot.The deceased have been identified as Ramesh Patanwadia, who was walking by the roadside and Lalji Rabari and Haresh Pawa, who were on the bike. \"Borse has been arrested. Investigations showed that he wasn't drunk at the time of the accident,\" said police officials. In another accident, three persons travelling on a motorbike died after a tempo rammed into their vehicle at Valothi village near Pavagadh.The deceased have been identified as Sanjay Rathwa, Jagdish Rathwa and Jaideep Rathwa. The tempo driver fled from the spot after the accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12945503", "title": "\u2018Aravali mine pits in Gurgaon need not be rehabilitated\u2019", "text": "GURGAON: The Haryana government can breathe easy when it comes to the rehabilitation of the ravaged Aravalis in the Gurgaon side.While in Faridabad, the government has to implement proper rehabilitation of all the wet and most of the dry pits, in Gurgaon and Mewat, there is no such need.According to a report prepared by the Indian Bureau of Mines (IBM), a statutory body under the ministry of mines, mined pits in Gurgaon such as Darbaripur, Hasanpur andUllahwas don't need to be rehabilitated. These conclusions were made after the IBM team visited the site.In all the three cases, the IBM report states that vegetation like keekar, neem, bushes, shrubs and plants have grown in these areas. It says that the ravaged hills have been stabilized. \"However, the hard and rocky portion of the faces (of the pits) was lacking in plant growth,\" the report states. The report also mentions that the mining lease areas are now surrounded by industries and agricultural fields.Mining in Gurgaon was suspended in 2002 and then again in 2004 by the Supreme Court after alleged violations were brought to the notice of the apex court.In the case of mines pits in Faridabad, the IBM has suggested the need to rehabilitate them soon. The Haryana government is pushing for the rehabilitation of Aravali hills to get a fresh go-ahead for mining in new areas in Faridabad.The state government has been claiming that the blanket ban on mining in the NCR has resulted in a steep increase in the prices of construction material and that even the government is facing revenue losses. The state government is likely to file the final plan for rehabilitation of these ravaged areas before the Supreme Court, sources said.|While suspending mining in the entire Aravali region of Haryana in May 2009, the SC had said that \"rehabilitation\" of the degraded areas would be done by the respective leaseholders. Finalization of the rehabilitation plan is a pre-requisite for getting a go-ahead for future mining activities in Faridabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12943270", "title": "Ashok Chavan in dock for Adarsh money laundering", "text": "MUMBAI: The Enforcement Directorate (ED) has registered a case of money laundering against former Maharashtra chief minister Ashok Chavan and the 13 others named by the CBI as the accused in the Adarsh scam.The agency told the Bombay high court on Monday that an enforcement case information report-equivalent of a police first information report-has been filed against the 14 accused. It added that prima facie there exists a case against them under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act, 2002. The Act deals with offences wherein illegal gains have been made from proceeds of crime. In the Adarsh case, the ED is probing the source of funds used by members to buy flats in the Colaba tower.ED's counsel R V Desai informed the court that its investigation into the scam is still in progress. But if it is established that the accused acquired properties by abusing their office, sources told TOI, the ED would attach the assets. Apart from Chavan, the accused in the Adarsh scam also include several senior ex-servicemen, former Mumbai municipal chief Jairaj Phatak and former state information commissioner Ramanand Tiwari.Desai initially avoided mentioning the prima facie case under the stringent provisions of PMLA, repeatedly saying that the ED needs more time to investigate and reach conclusions. He admitted its existence only when the bench, headed by Justice Sharad Bobde, said: \"You must leave the conclusion to the courts.\"The high court was hearing two public interest litigations (PIL), one of which has been filed by Thane resident Pravin Wategaonkar. Wategaonkar wants a probe to find the source of Adarsh members' funds as well as if there were any benami transactions. The second PIL, filed by activist Simpreet Singh, has demanded \"proper action\" by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI).CBI counsel Ijaz Khan told the bench that it would complete its probe into the Adarsh scam by June 15. He said a joint meeting, as directed earlier by the court, was held on April 18 in New Delhi between directors and top officials of CBI, ED and the Income Tax department.The three agencies are probing different aspects of the Adarsh housing society scam. The society has been accused of constructing a 31-storey building-in which politicians, bureaucrats, top military personnel or their families got flats at a fraction of the market price-on prime land in south Mumbai by getting questionable concessions and clearances.TOI was the first to report that the ED is in the process of filing a case against various Adarsh society members under PMLA.While handing over two confidential status reports to the HC bench on Monday, Desai said the agency requires time to probe and conclude if an offence is made out under PMLA. \"What do you mean by investigation is not complete? Is there or is there not a prima facie offence?\" asked Justice Bobde. \"In December last year the court had asked ED to make a statement on applicability of provisions of PMLA. But even today the agency is not able to make a conclusive statement. You say investigation has been initiated with registration of ECIR. So you must be having some material before you at this stage. On the basis of that material you should be able to make a statement on when you will register an FIR in the case and when you will arrest the accused persons.\"Desai, in reply, admitted that inquiries so far point to a prima facie offence. He sought from the court two more months for the ED's probe from the time the CBI concludes its investigation, files a final report and sends the ED a copy. The court, however, gave it a month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12944612", "title": "Government to pass resolution for special status", "text": "PANAJI: The state government has decided to pass a resolution in the forthcoming assembly session to demand special status for Goa.The legislative assembly's monsoon session is likely to be convened in July.Speaking to mediapersons, chief minister Manohar Parrikar said, \"Special status for Goa is being demanded by every political setup in Goa and we will get a resolution passed in the next assembly session.\" He also said that everyone has realized that special status requires a constitutional amendment.Parrikar also said that when he discussed the matter with Union government officials, he realized that they didn't want to give special status to Goa because other small states would ask for the same.Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee and BJP's national president Nitin Gadkari have already rejected the people's demand for special status for Goa.BJP's Mapusa MLA Francis D'Souza moved a resolution for special status when in the opposition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12944791", "title": "Rajya Sabha support trouble not over for BJP yet", "text": "RANCHI: It is now for the BJP to choose between protecting its government in the state or a seat in the Rajya Sabha.The sudden turn of political events in the state on Monday brought to fore the difference between the three ruling alliance partners - BJP, JMM and AJSU Party - in the state. While the BJP and the JMM have 18 legislators in the 81-member assembly, the AJSU has five MLAs and withdrawal of support of even one party will lead to the fall of the government.The two deputy chief ministers - Hemant Soren and Sudesh Kumar Mahato - not only cancelled their trip with chief minister Arjun Munda to New Delhi for meeting BJP president Nitin Gadkari but also expressed unhappiness over the decision of the BJP to give ticket to S S Ahluwalia. Earlier, both Hemant and Sudesh had agreed to accompany Munda to Delhi and even had telephonic talks with Gadkari to discuss the strategy for the biennial Rajya Sabha election on Thursday.\"Every JMM member is hurt with the decision of the BJP to give ticket to Ahluwalia and not supporting our candidate Sanjeev Kumar. This is not a new election for the Rajya Sabha but continuation of poll process that was countermanded by the Election Commission after seizure of Rs 2.15 crore from an aide of independent candidate R K Agarwal on March 30. Last time, the BJP had not fielded any candidate. On top of that, Ahluwalia, who is expecting support from our party to get a seat in the Rajya Sabha, showed disrespect to JMM chief Shibu Soren by ignoring him even after spending a couple of days in Ranchi. He did not have the courtesy to meet Guruji,\" said Hemant after a meeting of the party's central committee on Monday afternoon.On the party's continuing support to the BJP-led government, he said everyone, including the MLAs, is hurt with the act of Ahluwalia and a final decision would be taken soon. \"We will take up the matter in the central committee after the Rajya Sabha election,\" said a visibly upset Hemant.However, Sudesh preferred to remain tight-lipped on the matter. \"The matter will be decided by core committee of the party,\" said Sudesh, while declining to say anything on the reason behind cancelling his Delhi trip at the last moment.On the other hand, Munda, who left for New Delhi by a service flight in the afternoon, tried to downplay the matter.\"Our national president had a telephonic talk with Hemant and Sudesh a couple of days back and now I am going to Delhi to decide the future course of action for the Rajya Sabha election as no candidate can win without support from other parties,\" said Munda, adding that he would discuss the matter with senior leaders and then apprise the alliance partners.There are three candidates in the fray - SS Ahluwalia of BJP, Sanjeev Kumar of JMM and Pradeep Kumar Balmuchu of Congress - and to win the election they need at least 23 votes that too if Jharkhand Vikas Morcha-Prajatantrik remains out of voting process. In case JVM-P legislators vote then a candidate will need at least 27 votes to win the election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12944404", "title": "Panel to study parking spaces in new buildings", "text": "NAGPUR: NMC has passed a resolution to appoint a committee comprising architects and builders to conduct a study on proposal for mandatory parking space in new buildings.After witnessing the rising traffic on the city roads, municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal prepared a proposal, making it mandatory to leave more space for parking in new buildings.According to the proposal, new and renovated buildings will have to leave more space for parking of vehicles. The revised by-laws will be implemented for all types of buildings. After discussion, the general body has decided to form a panel comprising of architects, builders and NMC officials to study the proposal which will later be sent to the state government for amendments in the by-laws. A similar panel will also be constituted for the proposal of increasing the floor space index (FSI) of private medical institutions by 150% in non-congested areas.The house also witnessed a marathon discussion over a proposal related to distribution of wards among 10 zones. Most corporators were not happy with the civic administration's suggestion over demarcation of wards in zones. They demanded demarcation of zones as per geographical locations. Later, the mayor ordered the administration to accept suggestions and objections from corporators and consider them while finalizing the zones comprising 72 prabhags (145 wards).The general body also skipped the proposal to appoint a corporator as trustee of NIT. However, the house has kept 12 other important proposals including increase fees of medical services at NMC hospitals, no change of user at sites of petrol/diesel/other fuel pumps in keeping with a government resolution, approval of environment status report for 2010-11, appointment of 15 members to Tree Authority (which decides proposals to chop trees), change in dress code of firemen on the lines of Pune, appointment of top level officials in fire department etc pending.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12943051", "title": "Attorney general Vahanvati gets 2-yr term extension", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Union government on Monday appointed Goolam Essaji Vahanvati as attorney general till 2014 ahead of his three-year assignment as the top law officer of the country coming to an end in June.Vahanvati was appointed AG in June 2009 after the UPA came back to power. He was the solicitor general of India for five years during UPA-1.The President offered him the AG's post for the next two years and Vahanvati accepted it. A notification appointing him AG was issued on Monday.Law minister Salman Khurshid , with inputs from Vahanvati, is expected to undertake a complete review of the working of the team of additional solicitors general (ASGs). A reshuffle and some new faces are expected in the team that would defend the government in the Supreme Court and in the high courts, ministry sources said.The Centre reposed faith in Vahanvati, the first Muslim to become the top law officer of the country, as he played a crucial role in safeguarding the government's interest in important matters. Recently, he had put up strong resistance in the apex court, which refused to entertain Army chief Gen V K Singh's petition for correction of his date of birth and another PIL challenging appointment of Lt Gen Bikram Singh as the next chief of Army staff.Vahanvati, who started practice 40 years ago in Mumbai, handled a variety of matters involving important constitutional questions before being appointed advocate general of Maharashtra. He shifted to New Delhi in 2004 on being appointed solicitor general.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "mullanpur road", "code": "12943851", "title": "His modified machine is a head turner", "text": "MULLANPUR ROAD: Ever heard of anyone installing a music system in a tractor? Meet 28-year-old Sukhdeep Sekhon who has fixed a music system with not one but two speakers and woofers in his tractor.And helping him with the bizarre or shall we say cool idea is his brother Jaspreet. \"It's feels amazing to be able to listen to music in my tractor. Not only does it turn heads, but also adds a glamour quotient to my vehicle's looks. The idea was mine but the execution was my brother Jaspreet's. Together, we installed 12 inch woofers, the biggest in the market,'' says a proud Jaspreet.And surely there's no dearth of copy cats, says an impulsive Sukhdeep. \"Seeing us, our neighbour also installed a woofer, but I went a step further and put an additional woofer and speaker. It's fixed in the space above both the giant wheels and makes a thunderous sound,'' he exclaims.The tractor also sports a notorious Jatt stickers and living up to the label, he has also managed to catch the eyes of girls. \"I keep getting compliments from girls who say my vehicle looks and sounds more like a SUV,'' he adds.He has even modified his bumper and plans to put bigger tyres in his tractor. \"There's no fun in working in the fields without music. Now, I hardly feel any workload or stress as I have music to entertain me all the time,'' smiles Sukhdeep.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12944046", "title": "Man held for impersonating exam candidate in west Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: A native of Bihar and an IAS aspirant was arrested for impersonating a candidate appearing in an exam by Employees State Insurance Corporation.Police said Santosh Kumar Singh, a resident of Budhu Chhapra village in Bihar, was caught from an examination centre in Tilak Nagar in west Delhi after he wrote the exam in place of candidate Santosh.Police received a tip-off that Singh was writing the ESIC exam on behalf of Santosh. They seized the admit card, voter ID, question paper and answersheet.Santosh is from Chittaranjan in Burdwan district in West Bengal , said a senior police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12944040", "title": "Murder victim\u2019s kin off the hook", "text": "MUMBAI: There is finally some good news for the family of the three-year-old girl who was found murdered in Cuffe Parade on April 19. The results of the DNA tests conducted on the girl's father, stepfather and grandfather have come back negative, ruling out their involvement in the crime. The police had initially suspected the role of a family member and had detained the three men repeatedly for interrogation. The victim's grandfather, James Fernandes, had even alleged the police was torturing him to force a confession from him. Police sources have confirmed that family members are no longer suspects and that the focus of the investigation is now on the 'serial-killer' angle.\"The DNA results showed that samples obtained from Raju Sharma, Ashok Jadhav and James Fernandes did not match the sample obtained from the crime site. This has thrown the investigation off a little bit since we had suspected this was an internal matter and the girl's grandfather, James, was one of our prime suspects. We are concentrating on other possibilities now,\" said an officer involved with the probe.The victim's mother Susan Fernandes said she was glad the family finally had concrete evidence to prove their innocence. \"Even though we had lost our child, the police constantly harassed us and tried to pin the blame on my father and husband so they could show quick results. This will now force them to find the real culprit instead of looking for scapegoats,\" she said.The police admitted that the investigation so far had not led to a breakthrough. \"Efforts are on to identify the accused,\" said assistant commissioner of police (Colaba division) Iqbal Shaikh.A team of officers from the Cuffe Parade police station have gone through footage from two CCTV cameras installed in the slum where the family lives. The crime branch continued to detain Vijay Chakravarti, the man identified by the victim's great grandmother as a suspect, since his DNA results are awaited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12942466", "title": "Latest US drone attack on Pakistan torpedoes reopening of Nato supply route", "text": "WASHINGTON: Undeterred by Islamabad's shrill protests about breach of its sovereignty by American drone strikes culminating in a parliamentary resolution calling for a halt to such unmanned attacks, the US conducted yet another such operation over the weekend. The attack has virtually torpedoed Pakistan's participation in Nato's 25th summit in President Obama's hometown in Chicago on May 20-21 where far reaching decision are expected on the transition in Afghanistan and beyond.The weekend drone strike came after a lull of nearly a month from the previous such attack during which time Pakistan upped the ante on the issue with its parliamentary review calling for a halt to such violations of its sovereignty. On Monday, the Pakistani foreign office condemned the latest attack which was said to have killed three or four suspected terrorists operating out of an abandoned girls' school in Miramshah.\"Such attacks are in total contravention of international law and established norms of interstate relations,\" Pakistan's foreign office said in a statement, terming it a violation of its sovereignty. But the attack killed more than just four militants; it also demolished any pretence of consideration for Pakistan's honor and self-respect which its leaders had put at stake with a very public stand on drone strikes.In Washington meanwhile, the Obama administration went on the offensive, defending the drone strikes and maintaining that they are ethical, proportional, and in keeping with US efforts to spare innocent civilians from being caught up in the crossfire.\"The constitution empowers the president to protect the nation from any imminent threat of attack,\" Obama's chief of counterterrorism John Brennan said on Monday without referring specifically to the weekend's strike. \"It is hard to imagine a tool that can better minimize the risk to civilians than remotely piloted aircraft.\"\"There is absolutely nothing casual about the extraordinary care we take in making the decision to pursue an al-Qaida terrorist, and the lengths to which we go to ensure precision and avoid the loss of innocent life,\" Brennan told a meeting at the Woodrow Wilson Center.The immediate consequence -- which does not in the least seem to faze Washington -- of the attack is that Pakistan is likely to defer its decision to re-open the US/Nato supply route to landlocked Afghanistan. The addition of drone injury to the insult of not proffering an apology for the Salala bombing in which Nato forces killed 24 Pakistani soldiers also means Islamabad may be forced to boycott the Nato meeting in Chicago, although Pakistani officials said no decision had been taken in this regard.The US never made it clear if Islamabad was invited for the summit, but Pakistan's Prime Minister Yusuf Raza Gilani was expected to attend the summit, in part as a move to resurrect his own political fortunes after adverse court verdicts linked to domestic politics. The engagement was also expected to build on the recent visit to Pakistan by US special envoy Marc Grossman. Although that trip was deemed a failure over lack of agreement on a public apology over the Salala incident, some progress was expected over the Nato supply route resumption since it is also linked to Coalition Support Funds (CDF) payments which are vital to Pakistan's financial survival.But the latest drone attack, a virtual slap in the face of the Pakistani parliamentary resolution, establishes the principle that President Obama enunciated in his meeting with Gilani in Seoul in March and which Brennan implicitly referred to: Washington will be mindful of Pakistani sovereignty, but not at the cost of the security of the United States and its allies.The US has long made the case -- unevenly and sporadically -- that Islamabad cannot protest about violation of its sovereignty when it cannot, or does not or will not, act against terrorist groups that freely operate in Pakistan, in some cases with knowledge and support of its establishment. Washington is also said to have been angered by renewed attacks in Kabul by groups operating out of Pakistan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12944451", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation panel to look into anti-encroachment drive on private land", "text": "NAGPUR: Mayor Anil Sole has asked the civic administration to transfer Hanuman Nagar zone assistant municipal commissioner RS Karade for his alleged involvement in removing idols of Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar and Gautam Buddha from a private plot in Vakilpeth.The mayor has also formed a two-member committee, comprising ruling party leader Pravin Datke and leader of opposition Vikas Thakre, to find out whether NMC can carry out anti-encroachment drives on private land.The issue was raised in the general body by corporators Kishore Gajbhiye, Chotu Bhoyar and Rahul Telang. According to them, the private plot in Vakilpeth, Chandan Nagar, had two statutes erected by some local residents.Imambada police, and allegedly even police commissioner Ankush Dhanvijay, had approached NMC to assist them in removing the 'illegal' statues from the land. Subsequently, NMC had sought opinion of the legal adviser of the civic body.Bhoyar claimed that the legal adviser had recommended that the Hanuman Nagar zone take permission from a special committee appointed by the state government, which is headed by the district collector. But Karade ignored the suggestion and went ahead with removing the statutes.The corporators pointed out that Karade's move could have caused a law and order problem not only in Nagpur but across the country. \"But the residents cooperated in maintaining peace in their locality,\" they added.Though Karade presented his side of the story in the meeting, it failed to satisfy the queries. The elected office-bearers kept demanding immediate suspension of Karade and also got support from Pravin Datke and Vikas Thakre.While forming the two-member committee of Datke and Thakre, the mayor pointed out that he has no faith in any probe conducted by the administration. He directed the committee to submit a report within seven days and asked the administration to issue transfer order to Karade with immediate effect.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12933566", "title": "Wife swapping has become a reality: Paoli Dam", "text": "She created a stir with the bare back poster in Hate Story. But Bengali beauty Paoli Dam has no qualms about playing bold characters. Paoli will be seen next in Vikram Bhatt's 'Love Games', a film on wife- swapping.You play a sex worker in Hate Story. Love Games is another bold film. Aren't you uncomfortable doing intimate bold scenes? How did your family react to Hate Story?No not at all. I knew very well what character I was playing. Hate Story is a bold film so there will be bold scenes in the film. I loved playing Kavya because she is like any girl of today's generation who will take her revenge. In Hate Story , Kavya uses her body to do so. Hate Story has become a success and there have been very positive reviews. People have loved the film and they are not talking about the erotic aspect of the film but my performance. As for my mom, she is my biggest critic but even she loved the film!After the release of Hate Story, are you riding high on the success? What does success mean to you?I'm not riding high on success. I have really enjoyed the entire process of shooting for the film. I came from Kolkata to Mumbai and stayed here for three months. I had a lot of fun and success is more like a personal thing. It just feels good that I am being appreciated.Did you have more friends before you became an actress? Or do you find that people are more interested in becoming your friend now that you've become an actress?I still have my old friends. They have been there for me from the beginning. But I'm also making new friends and my circle is widening so that feels good too.The bare back poster controversy is most talked about and your posters were painted blue in Bengal. Were you hurt by these reactions, especially in your homeland?Frankly, I was not happy and was a bit sad because I had worked so hard on my body. That poster reveals everything: hatred, power and revenge. It was very impactful. But at the same time, I know the censor board is doing its job. There are certain rules that need to be implemented.You also lost 10 kilos for the role in your first film. Is it essential to be skinny to survive in Bollywood? Any intentions on gaining the weight back on?I don't think it's essential to be skinny to survive in Bollywood. I lost weight because Vikram Bhatt had a certain look in mind for this character. There are many types of actresses in Bollywood and as long as you look good, you will survive in the industry. I'm putting on a little weight for my next character but let me tell you, maintaing this body is not easy because I'm a foodie. But heroines should be flexible with their bodies.What if a role demanded you to put on an obnoxious amount of weight, would you accept the role?I really can't say right now. It all depends on the director, script and character.What sets Paoli Dam apart from other sexy actresses who have bared before the camera?Everyone has their own identity and I don't like comparing myself to others because I'm still new in Bollywood. All the others are my seniors. I only focus on giving my 100% to a film because I'm a perfectionist.Love Games, your next film, is based on 'wife-swapping', an act very much prevalent today. Your thoughts on wife-swapping? Is it a healthy practice?I have yet to sit with Vikram and decide on the script and my character. I need to research more on the topic as I'm not too familiar with it but I do realize that it has become a reality today.Will you get typecast in the Bhatt camp or will you move onto working with other directors?I am very thankful to Vikram Bhatt for giving me Hate Story . I believe in doing all genres of films and would love to work with all directors, producers and actors. I'm a filmaholic and love Bollywood so I wouldn't want to be typecast.Who do you think will swipe away the female debutant award this year? You or other newcomers like Esha Gupta?Laughs. You are the first person to ask me this question! I haven't thought about it and I don't really know. All I can say is that I have given my best-performance.What league of Bengali actresses does Paoli belong to - the commercially successful ones like Bipasha, Rani and Kajol or the arty ones like Nandana and Konkona Sen Sharma?I don't like to get categorized because I believe I belong to all kinds of cinema.You have been linked to a few Bengali actors (like Parambrata). Are you dating anyone currently? Do you see yourself dating someone connected to the film industry or outside it?No I'm happy single. I am not dating anybody and at this point, I cannot comment on who I'd like to date.How was it working with Vivek Agnihotri in your debut film? Did you enjoy working more with Gulshan Devaiah or Nikhil Dwivedi?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12943982", "title": "National Investigation Agency may take over terror cases in Maharashtra", "text": "MUMBAI: With the National Investigation Agency's (NIA) findings that the blasts at mosques in Jalna, Parbhani and Porna were the handiwork of right-wing hardliners, these cases may be handed over to the agency soon.The CBI is probing another case of blast that occurred on April 6, 2006 in Nanded. A bomb went off while being manufactured at an RSS pracharak's residence, killing two and injuring two. The anti-terrorism squad (ATS), then headed by joint commissioner K P Raghuvanshi, had arrested 10 members of a right-wing group and chargesheeted them for planning and making a bomb. This case could also be given to NIA.TOI had earlier reported how the Nanded bomb blast, blasts in Jalna, Parbhani and Porna mosques were connected to each other. Nanded police had initially said the victims (who later turned accused) were injured after fire crackers went off. However, an ATS probe said it was a conspiracy and the accused were manufacturing a bomb.\"The Porna, Jalna, Parbhani, Nanded, 2006 Malegaon blast and the 2008 Malegaon blasts are all linked to each other. We did not think the racket could be so big,\" said a source from the security establishment.In 2003, two bike-borne persons hurled a bomb outside the Mohammadi mosque in Parbhani after the Friday namaz. Seven persons were injured. On August 27, 2004, bike-borne persons threw a bomb inside the Qadriya mosque that injured nine. In November 2004, a bomb thrown outside a Porna mosque injured at least three.In 2011, union home minister P Chidambaram asked the NIA to probe all the cases where the agency found the involvement of the right-wing group. To begin with, the agency started probing the Samjhauta train blast case and arrested a some right-wing group hardliners. Meanwhile, the CBI arrested members of another right-wing group in connection with the 2007 Hyderabad Mecca masjid blast and the Rajasthan ATS arrested around six members of a right-wing group for the Ajmer dargah blast.Last year, the Malegaon blasts case that killed 38 was transferred to NIA. \"Since NIA is making major breakthrough, the blasts that took place in Marathwada region between 2003 and 2006 are likely to be handed over to them. The training in operating fire arms and bomb-making of these suspects was executed in Pune's Sinhgarh, Nanded and Madhya Pradesh's Panchmadi,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12943188", "title": "TRS chief K Chandrasekhar Rao's daughter moves high court against Polavaram project", "text": "HYDERABAD: K Kavitha, daughter of TRS chief K Chandrasekhar Rao and president of Telangana Jagruti Samiti (TJS) filed a petition in the AP high court on Monday opposing the construction of Polavaram irrigation project and sought suspension of the latest tender notification issued by the state government in this regard.Kavitha, in her petition, pointed out that 276 gram panchayaths, that are going to be affected by the construction of the project, have not been consulted by the state government but strangely rehabilitation clearance was issued by the ministry of tribal affairs on the basis of a concocted data furnished by the government. There would be an upward change in the backwater submergence as well as in the number of affected families in the fifth schedule area, she said.The Probable Maximum Flood (PMF) was estimated at 50lakh cusecs as against the earlier PMF of 36lakh cusecs, and therefore the rehabilitation clearance issued in 2007 too needs to be quashed and set aside, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12944222", "title": "Parents complain to Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board", "text": "Parents have complained to the Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB) that answer to one question in the Biology paper was incorrect in the GUJCET answer key. The parents found the text book answer to a particular question different from the answer given in the GUJCET answer key.It was found that the answer in the answer key is wrong.Board officials assured them that they will look into the issue.City collector to meetGICEA members: The Gujarat Institute of Civil Engineers and Architects (GICEA) will organize a special meeting with Ahmedabad collector, Vijay Nehra to discuss various issues. The collector will be visiting the institute along with his staff members on Wednesday and talk about 'Land Revenue, NA &amp; Stamp Duty' , opposite law garden in the city.Award ceremony at AMA: A function for the presenting the 'Sri Ramanbhai Patel - AMA Shreshtha Shikshak Award' will be held on Tuesday at HT Parekh convention centre at AMA Comple. Neerja Birla, vice chairperson of Aditya Birla Group , education projects will be present at the event. The awards will be given to Kamna Gupta of Navrachna School, Vadodra; Vinodbhai Dahyabhai Parmar of Bakshipanch Sharda Mandir Ashram Shala, Vaghodia; and Rameshbhai Nanjibhai Parmar of Shree Mandvi Kendravarti Shala, Bhavnagar.Notice to CBI in Sohrab case: The Gujarat high court issued notices to CBI and the state government over bail application filed by two constables - Santram Sharma and Ajay Parmar - in connection with the Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case. After CID (crime) charge-sheeted them, the new probe agency - CBI considered them witnesses and recommended their discharge from the case. However, the CBI court twice turned down their bail plea on the ground that they are not in its custody, as the CBI never arrested them. This led them to move the high court.Further hearing is kept on June 15.Godhra train carnage convicts want section 268 revoked: Nine persons sentenced to life imprisonment in the Godhra train carnage case have sought high court's directions to the state government for removal of restrictions imposed on them in form of section 268 of the CrPC. With invocation of this section, a prisoner cannot be brought out of jail premises, as his freedom is considered dangerous for society. The convicts have cited various reasons behind their demand of removal of the section.FSL officials summonedA special court hearing the Naroda Gam case has summoned two Forensic Science Laboratory (FSL) officials on June 9 to ascertain the claims of Tehelka tapes. The officials had analyzed the tapes as well as the scientific evidence gathered in form of voice spectrography for verification of genuineness of the tapes.Conference: People's union for civil liberties is holding a conference at Gajjar Hall, near Law Garden, Ellisbridge, Ahmedabad, on Tuesday at 10 am. The conference will discuss different problems faced by people from 2001 to 2012 in Gujarat. Eminent personalities and advocates will be present at the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "12944835", "title": "Leopard dies in road accident", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: A leopard was found dead in Mul forest range on Monday evening. Forester officers suspect it was a road accident that led to its death.Sources in the forest department informed that a forest guard discovered the dead body of the leopard in compartment no. 714, near village Agadi on Chandrapur-Mul road. He immediately informed higher officials and RFO VW Morey rushed to the spot. The animal had injuries on the chest and neck, and its dead body was lying under a tree.Sources claimed that forest officers suspect the leopard was hit by a speeding vehicle while it was crossing the road. The dead body was lying some 200 metre away from the road inside the jungle. Officers speculated that the injured leopard might have lumbered some distance into the jungle. It sat under the tree bleeding and succumbed to the injuries there itself. The injuries appeared fresh and bleeding, hence it is likely that the accident took place some time during the day.RFO Morey confirmed the incident and said that though the leopard's death appeared accidental, actual reason of death could be confirmed only after post mortem, which will be carried out on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12944920", "title": "Disproportionate assets case: Hearing on Naseemuddin's plea today", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Hearing on a writ petition filed by former PWD minister Naseemuddin Siddiqui and his wife Husna Siddiqui in a disproportionate assets case will continue on Tuesday.The former cabinet minister had challenged the order passed by the UP Lokayukta, whereby the matter relating to his disproportionate asset case had been sent before the chief minister for reconsideration.A bench comprising Justice Amitava Lala and Justice PKS Baghel is hearing the case.Siddiqui and his wife had sought quashing of the order dated March 15, 2012, whereby the Lokayukta had referred the disproportionate asset case for reconsideration to the chief minister.The former cabinet minister had demanded not to disclose the material collected by the Lokayukta or opinion formed by him in respect of disproportionate asset case either in the print or electronic media.tnnThe state government, the chief minister (competent authority under the Lokayukta Act), Lokayukta of UP and NK Mehrotra in personal capacity had been made party in the writ petition.Petitioners' counsel Shashi Nandan argued that Lokayuta had no power to re-send the matter of disproportionate assets case to the present UP chief minister for reconsideration/review under the Lokayukta Act.He argued that once former chief minister (competent authority) Mayawati had finally considered the issue after the recommendation made by the Lokayukta and dropped the aforesaid proceedings, then the same disproportionate asset case against Siddiqui could not be reopened by the Lokayukta and also it could not be considered by the present chief minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12944296", "title": "Right to Information exposes state government lie about Vidhya Sahayak recruitment", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The state government has claimed from various platforms that in the past 12 years, a total of 1.5 lakh Vidhya Sahayaks have been recruited, generating employment for youths. However, a Right to Information (RTI) application by an activist revealed that the figure is actually 83,677.Vinod Pandya, a resident of Ambawadi, told TOI that he had heard the claims by the state government about recruitment opportunities and the number of vacancies filled.\"It did not seem right on the basis of what we see on the ground. Thus, as the secretary of Gujarat Rajya Talimi Snatak Samiti, I filed an RTI and sought details of vacancies filled since 2001. I recently got the information that revealed that the figures were inflated to show the government in good light as the government records itself showed less than 85,000 recruitments,\" said Pandya.Pandya added that while students have increased manifold in the past 12 years, there are not enough teachers to teach them. According to sources in the state education department, the system of Vidhya Sahayak started in 1997 as intermediary for the primary teacher post. The recruits were to be kept for five years at a fixed monthly pay of Rs 2,500 after which they would be considered for the teacher's position. So far, 1.38 lakh youths were recruited since inception of the scheme. The Vidhya Sahayaks are fighting battle with the government for regular pay along with police Lok Rakshak and Gram Mitra.YearVacancies filled2001-026,9002002-036,5912003-043,8482004-0515,4682005-06--2006-0712,6912007-08--2008-0910,2252009-106,2942010-1110,0002011-1211,660Total83,677", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12945456", "title": "Kumar\u2019s legacy as civic body chief: Stringent development control rules", "text": "MUMBAI: Fifteen months after serving in the BMC, Subodh Kumar, considered one of the most \"disciplined\" municipal commissioners, retired on Monday. Kumar, who was set to retire in January, received a three-month extension due to the February civic polls.Kumar is credited with putting in place stringent development control rules (DCR), tightening the controversial open space and market policies , experimenting with 24/7 water supply pilot projects and finalizing the coastal road project. He took over as civic chief when the corporation was grappling with a financial crisis. The annual budget presented a month ago saw a 26% rise in overall outlay, aimed at long-term infrastructure projects. \"Instead of looking at issues in a piecemeal manner, it is important for a municipal commissioner to change the system,\" said Kumar.Last week, the chief minister's office forwarded his Rs 8,000-crore , 35.6-km coastal road proposal to the Union ministry of environment and forests. Around 42 hectares are estimated to be reclaimed for the project. At a time when most politicians double up as builders and contractors, Kumar's appointment changed things around. His early days as commissioner earned him the reputation of being a disciplinarian when he asked at least two corporators to take an appointment to meet him when they tried barging into his cabin.Officials said the one thing he would be remembered by was implementation of the DCR, which seeks to curb large-scale misuse of building concessions by developers. The amended rule allows developers 35% extra area to build residential buildings and 20% additional area for commercial projects in lieu of a hefty premium to the municipal body.Moreover, earlier this year, Kumar issued a circular warning the BMC's building proposals staff that \"any lapse in approving building plans within 60 days will be viewed seriously\" . He also highlighted the importance of online interface where all permissions granted by the BMC were put up online.Setting the agenda for the new civic chief, Kumar said the biggest problems of the city are housing, traffic congestion and water supply. He said the ground was set for the new property tax to come into place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "'margao", "code": "12944709", "title": "Upgraded Margao ESI hospital by June", "text": "'MARGAO: During his visit to the ESI hospital at Margao on Monday, where he took stock of the progress of the upgradation of the hospital, chief minister Manohar Parrikar , informed mediapersons that the OPD section of the hospital is likely to be operational by May 21 and the 150-bed hospital by June.Further, the chief minister said he had already instructed the ESI authorities to expedite the process of filling up the 180 posts that will be created at the upgraded hospital.The chief minister was accompanied by labour minister and Navelim MLA Avertano Furtado during the visit to the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12945557", "title": "Plumber held for extortion threat to Delhi bank manager", "text": "GURGAON: The city police have arrested a plumber for allegedly demanding Rs 5 lakh as extortion money from a bank manager. The accused, who allegedly wanted to be rich overnight, had sent a letter to the manager threatening to kill him unless he paid the money. The police claimed to have cracked the case in 8 hours and the accused has been sent to judicial custody.According to the police, Deepak Kumar Gupta, a resident of Laxman Vihar, is working as a branch manager with ICICI bank in Delhi. On Sunday morning, when Gupta's wife went to pick up the newspaper from the gate of the house, she also found a letter threatening her husband and their family. The letter writer had written that unless Gupta paid up Rs 5 lakh, he will kill him and his family members.The bank manager filed a complaint with the Sector 5 police station, following which the police lodged an FIR.Police enquiry revealed that a plumber, 22-year-old Manish Kumar, a native of Kanpur, was behind the crime. \"The accused was produced before a city court on Monday and has been remanded to judicial custody\", said Ishwar Singh, additional SHO, Sector 5 police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12944306", "title": "Breathing life into a breathless existence", "text": "After marriage, I moved to the United States as my husband got a job there. On coming back to India, I started working as a schoolteacher, working in many reputed schools of the city. With the children coming in, life became very busy.One day at work, I suddenly realized that I have become very tired and restless. Our family doctor said I may be allergic to the chalk dust that I was surrounded by at school. He also said the big difference in the climate and presence of dust and dirt in the US and India may be affecting me. The problems started worsening over time, with winters being particularly problematic, and I was finally diagnosed with asthma.I came in contact with an Ayurveda practitioner, who was also a teacher at the Nagpur College of Ayurveda. For a long time, I took medication from him, which gave me some relief. When I retired in 2001, the stress and physical exertion reduced and so did the effects of the disease. Last year, when I had to undergo a cataract operation, the doctors asked me to get a clearance from a chest physician first, and that brought the biggest change in my life.The chest physician introduced me to an entirely new medication routine. In this one year, there have been several changes in my life - I am much more active and energetic these days. I can pursue all my hobbies like reading, knitting and cooking, without any interruption of any kind. I go for walks and spend my time and energy focusing on my grandchildren, who have been my driving force towards seeking a better life.Having followed the medicine schedule diligently, I have been able to bring down the need for medicines to half of what I started with. If I could do all this at the age of 69, younger people have a higher chance of leading an improved and healthy life even if they have asthma.(The author is a retired schoolteacher)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12944200", "title": "Catch Satyajit Ray's favourite 5 at Nandan", "text": "KOLKATA: His depiction of the urban landscape, penchant for simple narratives and search for innocence in the complexities of modern existence were inspired by neo-realist European cinema of the early 20th century. So was his refusal to go by the accepted moral norms that guided Indian society till the first half of the last century. In a unique tribute to Satyajit Ray , five of his favourite foreign films will be screened at Nandan from May 2 - the maestro's 92nd birth anniversary.Each of the films is believed to have influenced his film-making and even shaped his cinema philosophy. At Writers' Buildings, chief minister Mamata Banerjee will pay homage to the director in the presence of his son filmmaker Sandip Ray and singer Anup Ghoshal on Wednesday.'The Bicycle Thief' - Vittorio Di Sica's legendary film about a poor man's search for his two-wheeler - will flag off the screening. It will be followed by Akira Kurosawa's 'Rashomon' and Fritz Lang's 'Metropolis' on May 3. The final day will see the screening of Eizenstein's classic 'Battleship Potemkin' and Carl Dreyer's 'The Passion of Joan of Arc'. Never before has there been a retrospective of films that were close to Ray's heart which makes it an interesting proposition, according to Sanjoy Mukhopadhyay, film expert and author.\"There have been tributes galore, but few have sought to analyze or look into the inspiration behind his films. For students of cinema and Ray buffs, this will be a unique opportunity to explore his fondness for films that motivated him to take to filmmaking. Ray lived with these films throughout his career and they have been clearly reflected in his works,\" said Mukhopadhyay, who will anchor a discussion on the subject prior to the screening of 'The Bicycle Thief' on May 2.The common thread between the five films is their depiction of urban life and philosophy. Ray drew liberally from these while depicting Kolkata in films like 'Charulata', 'Mahanagar' and later in 'Pratidwandi', 'Jana Aranya' and 'Seemabadhha', added Mukhopadhyay. \"His portrayal of Kolkata changed dramatically between the Fifties and the Seventies. While 'Aparajito' or 'Charulata' showed Kolkata as a modern, liberal zone where people looked forward with hope, the Kolkata trilogy of the Seventies painted a far more grim picture of the city where students cheated in exams, youth were jobless, values collapsed and people in general were more aggressive, skeptical and bitter. This is where you find shades of 'The Bicycle Thief', which showed a man's struggle in a heartless, cruel city,\" explained Mukhopadhyay.Just as 'Kahani' has been lauded for its brilliant portrayal of Kolkata that left everyone impressed, the city had never come alive more realistically on screen before Ray. But more than the style, it was the shooting techniques and the use of non-actors that Ray borrowed from these films, according to Ujjal Chakraborty, a film studies teacher.\"These are the films from which he drew the courage to employ non-professionals as actors and shoot extensively on outdoor locations. In fact, 'Pather Panchali' had already been brewing in his mind when he visited England in 1950 and watched 'The Bicycle Thief'. It convinced him that films could be shot on locations and even in rain,\" said Chakraborty. \"Bicycle Thief is a triumphant discovery of the fundamentals of cinema and De Sica has openly acknowledged his debt to Chaplin,\" Ray had once written.While Lang's 'Metropolis' is a macabre depiction of the ruthlessness and inequalities of the urban society, which Ray admired, 'Battleship Potemkin' and 'The Passion of Joan of Arc' inspired him with their classical styles. In 'Rashomon', it was the tryst with multi-dimensional truth that left him fascinated.\"Although he keenly watched these films and took lessons, Ray was not greatly influenced by their content or making. 'Bicycle Thief', for instance, is far more tense and taut than any of Ray's films. The tone of his films was essentially relaxed, for Ray believed in keeping the tension under wraps. To sum it up, these five films are representative of the cinema that helped set Ray on his great film-making journey,\" explained Chakraborty.Nandan is expected to be full during the shows. \"These films have rarely been screened in a bunch. We expect a full house,\" said Jadav Mondol, CEO of Nandan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12944818", "title": "Accident leaves Mysorean shattered", "text": "MYSORE: The death of five of her immediate family members in a ghastly road accident in Dharwad on Monday has left septuagenarian Kanakalakshmi, a Mysorean, shattered.Kanakalakshmi's two daughters, two grandsons and a son in-law died in the accident, which took place when they were travelling in a car to Hubli to attend a friend's wedding reception. Those who died are Godavari and her husband S Venugopal, chief reservation supervisor in South Western Railways (Hubli division), their son V Kartik, Vedavati and her son K Y Vasan, who was at the wheel. They died on the spot after their vehicle rammed a tree early in the morning.Venugopal was transferred to Hubli from Mysore 18 months ago. But his wife Godavari and son continued to stay with Kanakalakshmi in Srirampura area here.Savithri, a friend and neighbour of Godavari, told TOI: \"Venugopal had come to Mysore to meet his family a few days ago. They later travelled to religious places across Karnataka. They used to travel either by bus or train, but for the first time, they went in a car.\" The car belongs to Vedavati who lived in Bangalore. Savithri said Godavari and her family members, being devout, frequently visited temples.Gunashekar, another neighbour of Godavari, said she was planning to shift to Hubli. \"Venugopal came to Mysore on April 26. He was to report to duty on Monday morning,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12946013", "title": "Youth drowns in Cooum on birthday", "text": "CHENNAI: A young man celebrating his birthday with friends by the banks of the Cooum drowned on Sunday.Police said Logesh, the 26-year-old pharmacist at a private hospital in the city, went with some friends to the banks of the river in Tiruvallur. After lunch, Logesh jumped into the river to swim. As he didn't know swimming, he was pulled in by the current and drowned. His friends witnessed the incident from the bank. Some of them jumped in to rescue him but couldn't trace him, police said.Manavala Nagar police fished out Logesh's body nearly one km from the place where he drowned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12945697", "title": "Haryana's annual plan outlay hiked 30% to Rs 26,485 crore", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Three days after advising the Haryana government to ensure improvement of sex ratio in the state as well as security to working women, the Planning Commission on Monday approved an annual plan outlay of Rs 26,485 crore for Haryana for financial year 2012-13, representing an increase of 30% over the approved outlay of Rs 20,358 crore in the annual plan 2011-12.The outlay includes Rs 14,500 crore for state budget, Rs 9,950 crore for state public sector enterprises (PSEs) and Rs 2,035 crore for local bodies.The plan size was finalized at a meeting in New Delhi on Monday between deputy chairman, Planning Commission, Montek Singh Ahluwalia and Haryana chief minister, Bhupinder Singh Hooda . Union minister of state for planning, Ashwani Kumar, Haryana chief secretary P K Chaudhery and other officials of Haryana government were present at the meeting.\"The state economy has grown at an average rate of 9.1% during the 11th Plan, which is significantly higher than the national average of 7.9%. Despite severe inflationary pressures and slowdown last year, we have managed to contain revenue and fiscal deficits. We have combined a policy of prudent and conservative fiscal management with a proactive development-oriented focus,\" chief minister Hooda said.Presenting the vision of Haryana government about 12th Plan, Hooda laid stress on modernization and diversification of agriculture, fixing a reasonable minimum support price for agriculture produce, enhancing sports infrastructure to encourage sports and channeling energies of youth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12944311", "title": "Municipal Corporation of Delhi demolition drive continues in south Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Municipal Corporation of Delhi (MCD) razed illegal portions of 12 properties in south Delhi on Monday. Properties in Vasant Kunj, Mohammad Pur and Freedom Fighter Colony were demolished.\"Builders start construction without getting the plan sanctioned. The ceiling and roof slabs have been punctured and the properties are no longer inhabitable. The action was carried out with the help of local police,\" said an MCD official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12946022", "title": "Kanchi seer wanted 100kg of gold, says ex-mutt associate", "text": "CHENNAI: The heart of the dispute which prompted Kanchi Sankaracharya Jayendra Saraswathi to send armed men to attack S Radhakrishnan, a former associate of the Mutt, at his residence in 2002, was 100 kg of gold meant for the temple decoration, Radhakrishnan said. Testifying during the trial of the case of assault against him on Monday, he said this made him Jayendra Saraswathi's \"prime enemy.\"Radhakrishnan said he was watching TV with his wife and a helper at their Mandaveli house when two men barged in and attacked them. Radhakrishnan lodged a complaint in 2002, but the case gained momentum when the acharya was arrested in connection with the Sankararaman murder case in 2004.Radhakrishnan traced his association with the Mutt to his relationship with the Kanchi paramacharya in 1988. To celebrate the senior acharya's 100th birth anniversary in 1993, a committee was appointed under the leadership of former President R Venkataraman. This, it was suggested, would be an occasion to collect donations required to cover parts of the temple in an estimated 100kg of gold.A sub-committee, with A C Muthiah as chairman and S Radhakrishnan as one of the members, collected 17 kg of gold with public contributions, and prime minister P V Narasimha Rao granted permission to import about 85 kg of gold to complete the project.However, after the kanakabhishekam, Jayendra Saraswathi demanded that the gold be entrusted to him. When the members, including Radhakrishnan refused, this led to a stalemate and increased the acharya's anger towards him, Radhakrishnan said. Subsequently, the 'Sorna Vimana Trust' was formed with Sundaresa Iyer - an accused in the case - as manager. Finally, when the gold covering was complete, Radhakrishnan said it looked more like bronze than gold and had even blackened in parts.Special public prosecutor N Vijayaraj sought for CM Jayalalithaa to look into irregularities of the Mutt's dealings. The case has been posted to June 12 for further hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12943871", "title": "Ganda Nullah Project: It's a mess with sewerage spilling on to roads", "text": "LUDHIANA: Fed up with the tardy pace of Ganda Nullah covering project, residents of areas near the drain on Monday expressed their resentment to the municipal corporation (MC) officials, who visited the site for inspection. On the complaint of residents and members of Active Anti-corruption Group that poor material was being used in the drain's construction, MC officials visited the site for checking.\"We are tired of the construction work that has been going on for over a year. In most of the areas, sewerage remains blocked and roads water-logged. We cannot step out of our houses,'' they complained. Those residing in Field Ganj, Kidwai Nagar, Prem Nagar, Amarpura, Ram Nagar, Hargobind Nagar, Shivaji Nagar and New Shivaji Nagar are the worst hit.The residents rued that even after covering of the drain, water-logging problems would continue as the drain level has been raised, while streets were on the lower level. Raman Kumar, a businessman, said, \"We cannot step out of our houses because the choked sewerage overflows onto the streets. The drain covering project is choking the sewerage. MC is concentrating only on its covering and ignoring the ensuing problems. The work should be expedited to end all woes.'' The president of Active Anti-corruption Group, Yashpal Bangar, said, \"The project was scheduled to be completed in February. But due to its tardy pace, only 25% to 30% of the work has been done. It is a complete mess in nearby areas due to the blockage of sewerage and diversion of roads.''\"After hearing our grievances, the officials have assured to lay sewerage pipeline from Issa Nagari Bridge to Kidwai Nagar disposal unit and from Civil Lines to Issa Nagari Bridge by May 10,'' he added.The sewerage pipeline will be laid in 10 days. But the drain project will take some time to complete.Kamlesh Bansal | additional commissioner and head of operation and maintenance cell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12944629", "title": "New-born stolen from Sultania lady hospital", "text": "BHOPAL: A woman, who posed as a hospital staff at the government Sultania lady hospital, fled with a new-born baby on Monday afternoon. Angry family members of the baby created a ruckus at the hospital seeking explanation from the hospital administration.Talleya police said that Laxmi Prajapati (23) wife of Chaggan Prajapati, a native of Joara in district Rajgarh, was admitted on April 28 for delivery. She gave birth to a baby boy on Sunday and the mother and baby both were healthy.On Monday a woman posing as hospital staff approached the father of the baby and asked him to get new clothes. As he left to get the clothes, the woman picked up the infant and fled. The mother was fast asleep.Superintendent of the lady hospital, Dr Sudha Chaurasia expressed anger over the incident and termed it a security lapse. The hospital is yet to install CCTV equipment despite several cases of baby theft from the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12944814", "title": "Army's new mountain divisions to get light field guns instead of howitzers", "text": "NAGPUR: As the wait for modern ultralight howitzers gets longer, the Army has apparently decided to arm its two new mountain divisions on the Indo-China border with the old generation 105 light field guns (LFGs).The Gun Carriage Factory (GCF) at Jabalpur has bagged an order to supply over 150 units of 105-LFGs to the Army over a period of three years starting from May 2010. A source in the Ordnance Factory Board (OFB), who was part of the deal, said the order has been hiked on account of increased deployment on the eastern front.He added that the 155mm ultra light howitzers, which the Army has been scouting for since 2007, would have been the ideal choice as LFGs have now become an obsolete weapon system. The 105 LFGs have a range of 18km while a howitzer covers over double the distance.A senior official at GCF Jabalpur said that the order was received in 2010 and so far 100 pieces have been delivered. Another 50 are expected to be dispatched this year. The source confirmed that this was the biggest order in the recent past.The LFG is derived from the 105 Indian field gun (IFG), developed over three decades ago. Experts say that given the changing scenario, howitzers would be a better option than a field gun. However, procurement of the guns has been mired in controversy.India intends to buy around 140 howitzer guns. Singapore-based ST Kinetics was shortlisted, but has now been blacklisted after a bribery scandal. In fact, similar scandals have put plans to replenish the artillery inventory too on hold.Former director general of artillery LT General (retd) Vinay Shanker says that this could be a stop gap arrangement. Although a 105 in a mountainous area cannot be the ideal weapon, but it is still better to have something rather than nothing. The procurement of weapon systems is a lengthy process, as the delivery still takes around five to six years after the order is placed. The 105 LFGs can be replaced by the howitzers when they arrive, he said.According to Colonel US Rathore (retd), an independent defence analyst, howitzers are the ideal choice in a mountainous frontier. Field guns have a lesser lethality as the shells are not so effective, when the defences have time to be strengthened.Also, howitzers provide a higher trajectory, which is required in a mountainous area. For achieving the same trajectory in a LFG, it has to be moved further from its original position which leads to a compromise in the range. \"The Chinese are known for better defences and bunkers, and a 105 shell may not have the desired impact on certain armoured vehicles too,\" said Rathore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12947729", "title": "Pathribal encounter case: Army to decide on encounter trial", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court today said that army permission is needed for the CBI for initiating criminal action against 8 army officials allegedly involved in the Pathribal encounter case in 2000.The SC has given the army 8 weeks to decide whether it will hand over the case to CBI or it will do a court martial.Army personnel were allegedly involved in the killing of 7 persons in an alleged staged shootout at Pathribal in Jammu and Kashmir 12 years ago.In the event of the accused officers being tried by the regular criminal courts, the Centre shall consider the CBI's plea for sanction within three months, the apex court said.The bench had reserved its verdict on April 23. Earlier, while concluding their arguments, additional solicitor general Harin Raval and senior counsel Ashok Bhan, appearing for CBI, had reiterated that Army personnel involved in the alleged fake encounter have no immunity from prosecution.CBI had earlier told the special bench that it was a case of \"cold-blooded murder and the accused officials deserve to be meted out exemplary punishment.\"CBI had contended that no prior sanction was required for prosecuting the Army personnel and the need to ensure \"public confidence in the rule of law and dispensation of justice\" warranted their prosecution.\"Our investigations have revealed it was a fake encounter and cold-blooded murders. If public confidence in the rule of law and dispensation of justice is to be sustained, the accused officers deserve to be meted out exemplary punishment,\" Bhan had told the bench.(Inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12944621", "title": "State yet to move on courtroom building in central jails", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh government has failed to act on the directives of the Supreme Court for setting up single-room courtroom complexes in the central prisons of the state so as to avoid the transfer of hardened criminals to court for hearing and thereby risking their escape.The court issued the directives on January 10 while hearing a case about escape from custody by four criminals- Rambabu Gadariya, Dayaram, Pratap and Gopal while returning from Dabra to Gwalior after a hearing. The accused later gunned down 14 people in Bhanwarpura village suspecting them to be police informers. The state had in the petition challenged the Madhya Pradesh High Court's direction for a CBI inquiry into alleged complicity by top police officers in the escape of the four dacoits.A bench of justices R M Lodha and H L Gokhale while expressing anguish over the inaction by the state in acting against the police personnel responsible for the criminals' escape asked the government to construct \"single court room\" complexes to try such hardened criminals.On December 17 in 2004, the apex court had stayed the CBI probe and appointed a one-man commission of senior IAS officer Rakesh Bansal, who exonerated the top police officials and made several recommendations to prevent recurrence of such incidents.However, the issue continues to remain in cold storage. The deputy inspector general (prisons) R S Vijayvargiya said \"The matter of constructing single courtroom complexes in all the 8 central jails of the state is in pipeline and efforts are being made to finish modalities at the earliest,\" he added.Meetings have been scheduled with senior authorities at the state secretariat but every time it gets cancelled owing to one or the other reason, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12944753", "title": "Mini global investors' meet aims at boosting a well-balanced growth", "text": "MYSORE: 'Mysore region business development summit -- advantage Karnataka', projected as a mini global investors' meet, is expected to generate 23,000 direct jobs in Mysore.Briefing reporters on the mini GIM here on Monday, Mysore Chamber of Commerce &amp; Industry president Sudhakar S Shetty said a few days ahead of the meet scheduled for May 4, around 118 investors, including 46 fresh entrepreneurs, signed MoUs to invest in small and medium enterprises here. \"This means, it will create about 23,000 direct jobs and about one lakh jobs indirectly,\" he said. KAIDB has reserved 1,680 acres of land for industries, of which 1,343 acres have been blocked.They are expecting another 60 investors by the end of the meet, which would encourage local entrepreneurs and those willing to venture into industries. Shetty said they have ample space, power and water for entrepreneurs. He said they need 7.5 MW of power and 3 MGD of water for SMEs in Mysore.Federation of Karnataka Chambers of Commerce &amp; Industry (Bangalore) president J R Bangera said they have requested the government to give land on rent-lease agreement to promote investors on the lines of Gujarat, Andhra Pradesh and Rajasthan. The issue is still with the government. Such an agreement will help tackle issues like soaring land prices, which is unaffordable for every investor.Similar meets were held in Mangalore and Belgaum this year, and both the meets were successful. The meet in Mysore comprising six districts - Mysore, Mandya, Chamarajanagar, Hassan, Kodagu and Chikkamagalur -- aims at providing a forum for the government and private sector agencies in industry, tourism, infrastructure and food-processing sectors to interact with investors and entrepreneurs.Bangera said Mysore, which is home to some 24,000 SMEs, has better infrastructure compared to other districts in the region. Forty-two of 60 large and medium industries are in Mysore, while the city has 36% share in SSIs. This indicates that growth in the region of six districts is not well balanced, he added.The summit will focus on opportunities this region has for accelerated growth along with challenges coming in the way of a well-balanced growth. It will also showcase the potential of this region for investment and development and to motivate the existing enterprises besides attracting investors. Meanwhile, the problems faced by industries with regard to land, banking and infrastructure will be deliberated in the event to be inaugurated by CM D V Sadananda Gowda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "manipuri", "code": "12944962", "title": "Mayawati to be punished if found guilty: Akhilesh Yadav", "text": "MANIPURI: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav said here on Monday said all scams reported during the five-year BSP rule are being probed and if former chief minister Mayawati is found guilty, legal action would be initiated against her.\"All scams of Mayawati government will be probed and if found guilty, she will also be punished. Inquiries have been initiated in all scams reported during the BSP regime,\" the chief minister said. He was here along with SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav to attend a wedding ceremony.On the alleged Rs 50 crore seed scam during the BSP regime, he said it would be probed and those found guilty would not be spared. On the issue of bringing CM under the Lokpal ambit, he said a meaningful debate and interaction with all parties was required before arriving on a conclusion.SP would field candidates for Mayor elections on party symbol, he said, adding whereas contestants for local bodies elections would not be allotted the party symbol.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12944395", "title": "48.77% success rate for high school scholarship exam", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra State Council of Examination (MSCE) has reported a 48.77% success rate for the Std VII (high school) scholarship examination, which was held on March 18.In all, 17,555 students have been declared eligible for receiving a scholarship of Rs 150 per month for three years, between Std VIII and X of their high school studies.Mahaveer Mane, MSCE commissioner told TOI on Monday, \"Of the 7.43 lakh Std VII students who enrolled for the exam, 6.99 lakh students actually appeared for their papers and over 3.30 lakh have been declared as passed.\"\"This works out to a passing percentage of 48.77, which is up by 8% over last year's success rate of 40%,\" he said. \"The results of the Std IV (middle school) scholarship examination, which draws a larger number of students compared to the high school exam, will be declared in a week or two,\" he said.In fact, the high school scholarship exam results are to be formally declared and posted on the council's official website www.mscepune.in on Tuesday to enable students to download and take a print of their marklists, he said.Details related to the district-wise quota of scholarships, the number of students eligible for the same and performance of students from rural and urban schools will be declared on Wednesday.The Pune-headquartered MSCE is the state government's autonomous exam-conducting body. It's prime mandate is to conduct the middle and high school scholarship examinations as well as the pre-recruitment common entrance test for diploma-holders in teachers education.On an annual scale, more than 11 lakh students appear for the middle school scholarship exam while another 7 lakh or more students appear for the high school scholarship exam. The purpose of these exams is to test the mathematics, language skills and intelligence quotient (IQ) of Stds IV and VII students, besides giving them a flavour of the spirit of competition and preparing them for the several competitive exams that lie ahead.While a large number of students pass these exams, it is not necessary that all are declared eligible for the monthly scholarship. \"The eligibility for the monthly scholarship is decided on the basis of the district-wise quota allotted by the government and the district-wise merit list prepared as part of the results,\" said Mane.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "12945289", "title": "Clean chit for Omar in NC worker\u2019s death", "text": "SRINAGAR: The magisterial inquiry into the mysterious death of a National Conference worker after he was allegedly manhandled by the security staff of chief minister Omar Abdullah released its report on Monday ruling out any foul play.Additional district magistrate Mohammad Akbar Ganaie in his 41-page report said Haji Mohammad Yousuf , who died in police custody on September 29 last year, said Yousuf died of \"cardio-vascular arrest\", which wasn't caused by torture as alleged.The J&K; government had on September 30 ordered a magisterial probe after chief minister Omar Abdullah's security aides including his personal security guard Shabir Ahmad were charged with causing injuries to Yousuf which led to his death the next day in the police custody.Following a public outcry by family members that also resonated in the assembly, Omar ordered a judicial probe by retired Supreme Court judge H S Bedi. The Bedi commission is yet to complete its probe into Yousuf's death. Justice Bedi last week exempted Omar and his aides from personal appearance after Talib Shah, the son of the deceased NC worker, pleaded for the CM's cross examination.Ganaie's report said: \"After examining 57 witnesses and making physical examination of the hospital, Crime Branch records, as well as the CM's camp office in Srinagar, I have come to the conclusion that Yousuf died due to cardiovascular arrest without any external/physical assault, force, injury or mischief on his body or due to negligence of any authority.\"Reacting to the report, Talib Shah told TOI that this was expected. \"However, I hope the probe by Justice Bedi will do justice,\" Talib said.The report also exonerated hospital authorities and Crime Branch officials of any medical negligence while Yousuf was in custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12943717", "title": "Speed curbs irk school bus owners", "text": "MUMBAI: The latest state government directive making speed governors mandatory in school buses has not gone down well with the owners of these vehicles.\"Instead of forcing these rules on us, why doesn't the transport department implement speed governors in BEST buses and dumper trucks? They cause more accidents than school buses,\" said Anil Garg, president of School Bus Owners' Association (SBOA). \"In the last few years, hardly any accidents involving school buses took place due to speeding. Accidents have occurred due to carelessness, but not speeding. When we have agreed to most of the terms of the policy, why are such irrelevant terms being forced on us?\"What worries most bus operators, especially those run by private operators (with a brown strip on their body), is the fact that most of these vehicles are used by other companies when not ferrying school children. Many added that installing speed governors will not make much of a difference as school buses have to anyway halt between pick-up and drop points every few minutes.Earlier this year, the bus safety policy was dragged to the Bombay high court where the state transport department was asked to hold a meeting with bus operators to discuss and finally present the draft policy rules in court by May 15.\"The transport department is one of the most unapproachable; it hasn't even called us for the meeting. We'll start accommodating the prescribed changes in our buses only once the policy is implemented,\" said Garg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12944684", "title": "India and Japan agree to boost maritime, cyber security", "text": "NEW DELHI: India's security cooperation with Japan in the Asia-Pacific, which is fast turning into the driver of global politics, received further impetus on Monday as the two sides announced fresh dialogue mechanisms for maritime and cyber security. As the sixth round of strategic dialogue between the two nations was co-chaired by foreign minister S M Krishna and his visiting Japanese counterpart Koichiro Gemba, New Delhi and Tokyo are also preparing for a joint naval exercise off the coast of Japan in June. Indian Navy and Japan Maritime Self-Defence Force will take part in the exercise.India and Japan also decided to take forward negotiations for civil nuclear energy cooperation, but Japanese sources later told TOI that there were \"certain elements\" that needed to be addressed before entering into this partnership.\"We will discuss maritime affairs with a special focus on maritime security,\" said Gemba, adding that the two sides are also looking to expand cooperation in counter-piracy operations off the coast of Somalia and the Gulf of Aden. \"India is actually situated at an important place on the sea lanes of the communication which links Japan with West Asia. So, I cannot overlook the geo-political significance of the location of India,'' he added.Later, in a meeting with PM Manmohan Singh , Gemba explained to him the significance of the new dialogue initiatives. Sources said that Singh expressed \"high hopes\" from this exercise. The move comes at a time when both the countries are concerned about China's rapidly increasing political and economic muscle and when Asia-Pacific is seeing increasing security cooperation among all major democracies in the region, including the US and Australia.Noting that the two countries have already had three rounds of negotiations on civil nuclear cooperation, Krishna, at a joint press conference with Gemba, said, \"We have instructed our negotiators on the way forward\". Asked on the progress in civil nuclear talks and if India's non-NPT status was a sticking point in the negotiations, Gemba said, \"We reconfirmed that we will move ahead with the negotiations to conclude, and agreements to obtain mutually satisfactory outcome\". \"At the same time, I asked for understanding on Japan's strong desire for nuclear disarmament and non-proliferation,\" he added.Talking to journalists later, Japanese officials said that India signing NPT was one of Japan's \"aspirations\", but added that it was not a condition for signing civil nuclear deal with India. Krishna and Gemba also discussed developments in Myanmar, Afghanistan and North Korea.Japanese officials said later though that the issue of a more assertive China was not discussed in the meeting. They said that Japan was actually looking at creating a web of network in the Asia-Pacific to ensure rising powers were comfortable with each other and that's why Tokyo had also proposed a Japan-China-US trilateral.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12945582", "title": "30-yr-old executive found hanging from room fan in apartment", "text": "GURGAON: A 30-year-old man was found hanging from the ceiling fan of his room at Orchid Petals on Monday morning. The police said that the victim used to work as an assistant director with a private company in Sector 32 institutional area.The victim, identified as Alok Gore from Chhattisgarh, was living with his family in Gurgaon. According to the police, prima facie, it appears to be a case of suicide.The incident is said to have happened late on Sunday night. However, the family members came to know of it only on Monday morning.The victim was rushed to a nearby hospital where doctors declared him brought dead, said the police.After the postmortem on Monday afternoon, police handed over the body to the family members of the victim.According to sources, Alok was very ambitious and was not happy with his job and position at the company.\"We have not found any suicide note yet. And the case is being investigated from all aspects,\" said Rajeev Yadav, ACP (Sadar).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12945142", "title": "Changing lifestyle, pollution lead to rise in cases of asthma in the country", "text": "VARANASI: Cases of asthma and allergic diseases are on the rise in developed and developing countries as compared to underdeveloped countries. Similarly, the disease is more prevalent in urban areas in comparison to rural areas. In a country like India, where rapid development is taking place and consequently there has been a change in lifestyle and food habits, the number of asthma patients is increasing at an alarming pace. J K Samaria, senior chest physician at Institute of Medical Sciences, Banaras Hindu University , shared this view on the eve of World Asthma day on May 1.According to Prof Samaria, India has approximately 70-80 million asthma patients who need to be actively treated. The high pollution levels in the atmosphere make people suffocate. Owing to rapid deforestation and concrete jungles coming up in cities, a newer spectrum of photochemical pollutants due to combustion of petrol and diesel has added to the pollution. The principal pollutants posing a threat to human lungs are the oxides of nitrogen, ozone and particulates. The increased consumption of packaged food and fast foods causes obesity which multiplies the suffering of asthma patients.Further, those newborn babies who are deprived of breast-feed are more susceptible to asthma. Genetic factors also contribute. It is observed that if one of the parents has asthma then their children have 30%-40% risk of developing this disease.As for the treatment of the diseases, Prof Samaria said treatment of lesser educated people is easier than that of educated people as the latter show certain resistance to inhaler therapy due to their phobia for steroids. He said that with the help of inhalation therapy the disease could be controlled and the patient could live a normal life. The inhalation therapy does not cause any addiction and its long term usage causes no side-effects.Some of the practical measures to avoid asthma and minimise frequency and severity of asthma attack were also suggested by Prof Samaria. For example, one should avoid indoor trigger factors, especially mite allergens by means of frequent washing of bedsheets, covering the pillow and mattress with covers, regular cleaning of the carpets and exposing woollen clothes to sunlight before wearing them at the onset of winter. If possible asthma patients should avoid pets, especially those with fur, like cats and dogs. When moving out one must cover their face to avoid pollution.Consume fresh, leafy vegetables and avoid packaged and fast food. This diet would also keep obesity under control, apart from exercising regularly. Besides, asthma patients should undergo spirometry test once every year and take inhalation therapy in regular doses as advised by their doctor.On the eve of the Asthma Day, the Allahabad Chest Association ( ACA) organized a conference where doctors stressed on the importance of inhalation therapy in asthma. But in India, it has been found that compliance to asthma medication regime is very poor and tends to falter after few months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12945368", "title": "Woman, three others get life term for husband\u2019s murder", "text": "CHENNAI: A woman and her three male accomplices were on Monday sentenced to life imprisonment and fined Rs 11,000 each for murdering her husband. R Ravindra Bose, judge, 17th additional sessions court, passed orders.Additional public prosecutor P Senthil Vel said Uma alias Uma Maheshwari (44) was married to Prasanna (45), who ran a chicken stall, and they had two children Aishwarya (15) and Akash (12). He incurred a loss in his business and was at home a lot. Soon, investigators said, there was discord among the couple as Prasanna had begun selling off his ancestral property. He was also allegedly involved with other women, they said.Uma confided in her friend Sampath (44) of Perungalathur who said he would \"finish off\" her husband. On July 20, 2011, she mixed a substance in Gulab Jamun and gave it her children to make them sleep through the night. While her son ate it, Aiswarya, despite Uma's reassurance that it had herbs good to treat a cold, didn't eat it.The next day, Sampath and his friends Appu alias Nandakumar (27) and Ammu alias Govindaraj (34) entered Uma Maheshwari's house in Kodambakkam around 3 am as she had left the door open. \"All three men were electricians. They put a 12-m wire in the refrigerator plug point and administered Prasanna - who was sleeping - a shock on both his hands. When he did not succumb, he was strangled. They then left him outside the electricity box outside to make it seem like he had died of electrocution,\" said advocate S Mithun Raj, who assisted the prosecution.While Uma was handing over money to the three men around 4 am, her daughter woke up and saw them. She went to the bedroom to check and found her father wasn't there. Both children subsequently saw their father's body outside. Uma Maheshwari then confessed to area councillor Pushpa Ruth and a complaint was registered at Vadapalani police station.\"The children testified against their mother during the trial. Based on the confession statement, last scene theory and the testimony of child witnesses, the judge found all four guilty of murder,\" Mithun Raj added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12944327", "title": "Northeast folks face racial bias in metros, says MP Agatha Sangma", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union minister Agatha Sangma said racial discrimination against people from the northeast was a reality that required immediate attention and strict action.Amid the debate raised by the death of Dana Sangma of Amity University, which her uncle and Meghalaya CM Mukul Sangma called a case of racial treatment, Agatha told TOI, \"It would not be proper for me to comment on the incident which is under investigation. But having said that, in Delhi and other metropolis, people from NE face discrimination which should be condemned and strict action should be taken when such cases surface.\"Agatha said though she did not face racial discrimination at institutional level like in university or politics, it could be felt on a day-to-day basis. \"If you are walking on the street or go to a market, you hear comments like 'chinki'. It is derogatory, but I always tell myself they are ill-informed people and I ignore them.\"The junior minister for rural development is daughter of former speaker P A Sangma and a political rival to Meghalaya CM.Agatha said, \"The fact is there is a problem - that people think those who look a bit Oriental cannot belong to India.\"While agreeing Delhi was a tough place for all outsiders, the struggle faced by the people of NE was qualitatively different since it became a question of identity for them. \"South is very different from North, but no south Indian in Delhi would be made to feel he does not look Indian,\" she said. She couched her freewheeling comments by saying, while pre-conceived notions about NE people were a truth, attributing every incident to race was not good for national integration. She said police alone could not be the solution to the problem and \"you have to change attitudes by educating people\".Agatha said NE youngsters should be absorbed in various sectors, beyond hospitality, retail and BPO sector as seen today. \"Those in Delhi are struggling for survival but the way out is that people of NE diversify into other sectors, get into influential positions...when I became minister, I looked like any other collegiate from NE. What made me feel good was that nobody thought somebody who looked like me could be in such a position. So, it removed some pre-conceived notions,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12945666", "title": "Weather reminds residents of 1980s", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The cyclic weather pattern in the city is a topic of discussion among residents these days, who have been living here for two to three decades, and can't help but notice the similarities. They point out that the weather conditions now are similar to those in the 1980s.While April rains this year reminded them of the showers in 1983, they say the summer last year was similar to the conditions in the 1980s.Dinkar Ahuja, 60, a resident of Sector 42 said, \"This year the situation is better than in 1983, when it rained a lot more. If I remember it correctly, the city has never seen that much rain again. But this year reminded us of the rains and thunderstorm then.\"\"Somewhere in the 1980s there were similar rains that occurred recently. In those days, my friends and I enjoyed the rains together and since we were in school, we bunked classes to sleep in the comforting environs at home. But now as I am working, I can't skip work,\" said Ravinder Kumar, theatre-cum-film director who has been living in the city for more than 30 years.\"It is after a very long time that I have seen so much of rain in April, as for the last so many years the city has seen either very less or no rain. Before this it was in the year 1983 or 1984 when the city saw so much of rainfall,\" Mahesh Gandhi, 55, a resident of Sector 29 said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12944610", "title": "Bhopal Municipal Corporation survey throws up a biting fact on stray dog menace", "text": "BHOPAL: Beware! With approximately 1,500 cases of dog bite registered every month in government-run hospitals in Bhopal, the city of lakes seems to be going to the dogs!The situation can be gauged from the fact that every 132nd (one hundred and thirty second) person walking or jogging on streets is likely to be bitten by galli hounds, says a recent survey of the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC).Surprisingly, only 2,000 dogs out of approximately 40,000 canines in the city are registered with the BMC.The vulnerable targets of these galli hounds are pedestrians, joggers and bikers. Sometimes, they run after four-wheelers, scaring driver and increasing the chances of road accidents. The situation gets worse during night hours.\"We are trying to reduce nuisance of stray dogs,\" said Rajneesh Shrivastava, commissioner, BMC.As for registration of pet dogs, the record is equally scary. Only 2,000 dogs from approximately 40,000 canines in the city are registered with the corporation.\"The BMC has not organized any camp for the past two years for registering dogs and sterilizing them,\" senior veterinary surgeon, district veterinary hospital in-charge, Anil Sharma, said. \"We are making efforts to curb it,\" he claims.Currently, the corporation has only one dog catching van and four employees to catch stray dogs. After catching them, they leave them on city outskirts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12943095", "title": "Enrica case: Courts' stance will affect Italy's petition", "text": "KOCHI: The stand taken by the Supreme Court and the Kerala high court that the compensation agreement in the Enrica Lexie compensation case is a mockery of Indian judicial system, will have an adverse bearing on the outcome of Italy's petition seeking quashing of the FIR against its marines.Italy has filed two petitions seeking the release of the marines, who have been accused of shooting dead two Indian fishermen off the Kollam coast on February 15. While the judgement on the petition pending in the high court is expected any day, a similar petition, filed through a different legal process, is now being heard by the apex court.According to former director general of prosecution P G Thampi, the case is ruined beyond salvation. \"The remaining trial would be a mockery. While it's not known whether the state government's stance, that the agreement won't affect the criminal case, was on purpose or suicidal, the case is gone. The government should have opposed the agreement seriously,\" he said.However, senior counsel K Ramakumar pointed out that the court could take a tough attitude that the agreement is not binding on the criminal case.However, according to him, the agreement is definitely beneficial to the dependents, as normally civil suits would have to be fought for at least 10 years to get any result.\"It's definitely beneficial to victims. The only doubt is regarding its legality and propriety,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12950665", "title": "Couple stabs woman to death on suspicion of sorcery in Allahabad", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A 30-year-old woman was allegedly stabbed to death by a couple who suspected her of sorcery when she spilt water at their doorstep in Karma village in the district, police said today.Babuji Kesarwani and his wife Gayatri stabbed Sunita after she spilt some water at their doorstep, they said.Villagers who witnessed the incident dragged the couple to the police station, even as the mother of three girls succumbed to injuries in hospital, they said.During interrogation, the couple confessed to their crime and said they had been suspecting the victim of practising black magic against them, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12945364", "title": "Air India flight flies back after engine snag", "text": "CHENNAI: An engine snag forced an Air India Kochi flight to fly back to Chennai more than half an hour after takeoff.The airbus , which had 106 passengers on board, winged back firing on single engine on Monday morning.Fire trucks and emergency staff scrambled to the ground and kept a watch over as the flight burned the rubber on the tarmac around 11am. A senior Airports Authority of India official said, \"We took precautions to ensure passengers' safety because the aircraft landed on single engine\".An Air India official, however, played down the scare. \"The flight returned and made a normal landing as the snag wasn't serious.\"Flight passengers were bussed to the terminal and were accommodated in another aircraft that flew out at 2pm.A senior pilot said the aircraft was designed to fly on single engine. But airports normally take precautions for passengers' safety. \"The pilot may have decided to return because Chennai airport is better equipped than Kochi to handle an emergency,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12943762", "title": "Cousins die in road mishap", "text": "NAGPUR: A hit-and-run case claimed the lives of two cousins who were heading to their village in Kalamna on Sunday evening. The cousins, on a bike, were hit from behind by an unidentified vehicle near Kuhi Pachgaon.Narendra (26) and his cousin Vikas Acharya (18), riding without the helmet, were thrown from their bike after the accident. The cousins sustained serious head injuries and died on the spot. Narendra had got married about an year ago.The cousins engaged in the milk business had gone for work to Dongargaon, near Kuhi, in the morning. Narendra was supposed to take milk to Nagpur in the night after reaching home. The local villagers informed Kuhi police after the mishap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12945350", "title": "High court directs CBI to file charges in case by June 15", "text": "MUMBAI: The HC on Monday asked the CBI to file a chargesheet by June 15 against those Adarsh society members who do not hold public office. The HC directed the CBI to do so after it informed the court that it would complete its probe in the case filed against the 14 named accused memberswho held or had held public office-by mid-June.CBI counsel Ejaz Khan informed the bench of Justices Sharad Bobde and Mridula Bhatkar that once the probe is completed the agency would forward its report for grant of sanction from the government to prosecute the 14 public servants under the Prevention of Corruption Act as is legally required and only then file its chargesheet. It was then that the HC asked the agency to file the charge sheet by June 15 against those private persons for whose prosecution requires no sanction.The HC was hearing two PILs against Adarsh. Petitioner Pravin Wategaonkar pointed out that neither the CBI nor the ED had bothered to file an affidavit in response to his two affidavits in which he had named 15 Adarsh members and sought a probe against them for disproportionate assets and abuse of power. The court asked the agencies to file a reply in four weeks. They will now see whether there is any truth behind Wategoankar's allegations that former state CMs Vilasrao Deshmukh, Sushil Kumar Shinde and Shivajirao Patil Nilangaekar had misused their position for personal benefit.Wategaonkar also named former speaker of the legislative assembly Babasaheskb Kupekar, NCP leader Jitendra Ahwad, former collector Srinivas Patil, former top IAS officers D K Sankaran, Joyce Sankaran and their son Sanjoy Sankaran, Chintamani Sangitrao and his son I A Kundan (former collector), Deviyani Khobragade, Shivaji Kale (associate of Ajit Pawar), Shivajirao Deshmukh (former Pune collector ), N G Bhosale (former PWD executive engineer and father of Pune developer Avinash Bhosale).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12946113", "title": "Automobile painting course launched at Tarsali ITI", "text": "VADODARA: With an aim to fulfill the growing need of skilled human resources in automobile sector, Gujarat government along with US car maker General Motors launched an advanced course at ITI, Tarsali, here on Monday.Two batches of 20 students each will be trained through this advanced course in automobile painting process and techniques at ITI, Tarsali, which has been started as a public private partnership programme. A memorandum of understanding regarding this was signed between General Motors India (GMI) and Gujarat government in July 2008. The centre has come up at a cost of Rs 1.34 crore.Addressing mediapersons before the inauguration ceremony, GMI president and managing director Lowell Paddock said in Gujarat there is a shortage of skilled manpower.\"The starting of this course will help match the demand supply gap. For students, we will provide infrastructure facilities and experts from our plants overseas who will come to train students here and share their expertise,\" said Paddock, adding that efforts will be made to provide students world class exposure.While the advanced course is being started as a pilot project, GMI has plans to offer such training modules to create skilled manpower in other aspects of automobile industry. Students between 14 and 40 years age group are eligible to get enrolled for this course for which a nominal fee would be charged, GMI officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12945318", "title": "Vora\u2019s hotel CCTV footage \u2018overwritten\u2019", "text": "The permanent loss of a crucial video footage at the Colaba hotel where key Oshiwara murder accused Vijay Palande allegedly took shelter with the help of stock broker Gautam Vora, after escaping from police custody, has raised questions over investigations into the case.The police arrested Palande from south Mumbai in the early hours of April 11. After his interrogation, they arrested Vora for helping Palande while he was on the run. But the police did not instruct the hotel management to store the CCTV footage of Vora and Palande , said a source in the hotel industry. Investigating officers, though, said the management had failed to provide the footage on the very first day of Palande's arrest.The footage was crucial to gauge Vora's alleged role in the case, as well as his and Palande's activities within the hotel premises.When the police reached the hotel to investigate , the CCTV data had vanished, said a hotel industry source.The three-star hotel's CCTV data, in any case, gets overwritten every week.Although Vora's signature on the hotel register and credit card records are with the police, the CCTV footage would have provided \"a very strong evidence\" against him. \"The video would have revealed the bond between the two,\" a police source said.A senior police official, though, said the hotel administration was helping the police gather all possible evidence in the case.Hotels of three-star category and above install several CCTV cameras. Their digital video recorders (DVRs), normally of 500GB capacity each, therefore cannot store footage for more than eight to 12 days. They start to automatically overwrite the old recordings with new.Ahar president Sudhakar Shetty said in smaller hotels, CCTV data is normally saved for a month. Kamlesh Barrot, president of the Federation of Hotels and Restaurant Associations of India, said there are no specific instructions from the police on how long the CCTV data be stored and how much capacity storage be installed in the system.CCTV footage has gone a long way in helping police investigate terror attacks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12945179", "title": "Alina Saldanha to fill vaccum left by husband's death", "text": "PANAJI: Alina Saldanha, widow of former tourism minister Matanhy Saldanha joined BJP on Monday and is set to be nominated as the party candidate for the byelection scheduled for June 2.One of her first statements after joining BJP was aimed at Matanhy's former party-United Goan Democratic Party (UGDP). \"It is indeed sad that till date the persecution of Matanhy by UGDP continues even after his death. However, I am not here to speak against any party,\" Alina said.UGDP leaders had recently asked Alina to lead the agitation against Mopa airport saying Matanhy had opposed it on grounds that Dabolim airport would have to be closed. UGDP's demand that the government make its stand clear on the airport has raised dust in the run up to the bypoll.Alina also said that since her husband's death, people from Cortalim constituency have chosen to repose their faith in her and it is her desire to fulfill Matanhy's dream and vision for Cortalim and Goa.\"Today is a special day in my life as I have become a member of the BJP, just like my late husband Matanhy,\" she said. \"I have to face the electorate and for that I need the support of my party, the people of Cortalim constituency and Matanhy supporters, who are now my supporters. I am sure we will retain the seat, and I, along with the government, will fulfill and deliver the promises made by Matanhy in his manifesto,\" Alina added.State BJP president Laxmikant Parsekar and CM Manohar Parrikar were also present when Alina was inducted into the BJP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12944790", "title": "Directorate of Medical Education and Researc probes doctors's removal from Indira Gandhi Government Medical College and Hospital board", "text": "NAGPUR: The Directorate of Medical Education and Research (DMER) has instituted an inquiry into removal of Dr N G Raut, professor and head of ophthalmology at Indira Gandhi Government Medical College and Hospital (IGGMC), from the medical board of the hospital. Dr Raut was removed from the board following many internal enquiries by the college dean into the allegations of mental and financial harassment by some patients against him.The DMER has formed a three member committee of Dr Mukund Tayade from Grant Medical College at Mumbai, Dr Dilip Kadam from B J Medical College and Sasoon hospital, Pune, and Dr Narendra Deogade, professor and head of microbiology at the Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) Nagpur to conduct a fresh inquiry into the matter.Dr Pravin Shingare, director DMER, told TOI that the inquiry was ordered on the allegations of Dr Raut against the IGGMC dean and the committees that investigated into the complaints by some patients. Dr Raut claimed the dean and committee members did not consider his side and did not call for any explanation. Dean Dr Prakash Wakode, however, claims he had requested the DMER to conduct further inquiries as earlier ones did not reach any conclusion.Three patients who had faced the medical board had complained against Dr Raut in writing at different points of time in last one year or so. Sources at DMER and IGGMC said the first complaint was made by a primary school teacher from Gadchiroli Shyamrao Maruti Madavi to the dean on June 30, 2011 that Raut had been harassing him by calling him repeatedly from Gadchiroli for issuing a certificate and sending him back for petty reasons.Dr Wakode constituted a three member committee headed by Dr Raj Gajbhiye, president of IGGMC medical board, Dr Kalpana Dasgupta, Head ENT and Dr M G Muddeshwar, head biochemistry. However, Dr Raut did not appear before the committee and only sent a letter saying allegations against him were wrong. Instead he levelled allegations against the inquiring team. The matter was referred to the referee of the medical board but once again Dr Raut did not respond.Following this, the dean announced another inquiry on July 7, 2011. The next committee recommended a line of action following which the dean removed Dr Raut from the board on August 1 replacing him with Dr S S Pendke. Dr Raut then wrote to the dean on August 30 asking why he was removed. Many such communications continued until DMER ordered inquiry. Meanwhile, two other patients Ashok Vitthal Gajbe and Prakash Ahire also made similar complaints to the dean which led to another set of investigations and counter allegations by Raut.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12947681", "title": "Sameera meets Upendra at airport", "text": "Sameera Reddy is busy shooting for her first Kannada venture 'Varadhanayaka' that also stars Sudeep, Chiranjeevi Sarja and Nikesha Patel. The film is believed to be a remake of the Telugu hit Lakshyam that had Jagapathi Babu, Gopichand and Anushka Shetty in the lead.So how different is the Kannada film from the original? \"Frankly speaking, I have not seen the original. I do not want to watch Lakshaym as I do not want to get inspired by the film,\" says Sameera.At the same time, the actor is quite happy with the way Sandalwood is functioning. \"People are quite professional here and I am having a good time. They are quite humble as well. I recently bumped into Real Star Upendra at the Bengaluru airport. He came across as a very down-to-earth person. We had a small chat about the work here,\" says Sameera. So, is there any film with Uppi in the offing? \"No, it was just a small chat. We hardly had any time to discuss films,\" she says.Quiz Sameera why she is spotted in multi-starrers often these days (De Dana Dan, Tezz, Vettai and Varadhanayaka) and pat comes the reply. \"All these projects were quite big and had some of the best artists in the industry. It was not a deliberate choice to do multi-starrers but I liked these scripts. In fact, t was good fun working on them,\" says Sameera.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12944471", "title": "Footpaths a missing link at Yerawada and Airport road", "text": "PUNE: Footpaths in Yerawada and the Airport Road area near the Gunjan theatre are in such a bad condition that they are unfit for pedestrians to take a safe walk. At many stretches the footpaths are either encroached upon by roadside vendors, fruit and tea stalls or they are in a bad shape and broken at places. The sorry state of affairs pushes pedestrians to walk on the road, endangering their lives, and also causing traffic obstructions.The Yerawada area on the Pune-Ahmednagar Road stretch has a sizable number of residential population who uses footpaths. Commercial establishments that came up in this area in the last few years have added to the number. However, the civic infrastructure for pedestrian safety is missing.Residents here said as the road remains busy with vehicles all through the day, it is difficult for them to walk.Ranjana Rithe, a resident, said, \"Ever since the civic administration has constructed footpaths here, they have remained encroached upon. No action is taken against the encroachment. The administration can provide a separate dedicated space for roadside vendors. Such initiative would clear the footpaths for pedestrians.\"K Habib, another resident, said, \"The Yerawada junction is an important stretch of Pune-Ahmednagar Road as it connects the central part of the city to outskirts areas like Kalyaninagar, Vimannagar, Chandannagar and other upcoming localities. The road, however, remains busy with traffic. The residents want good footpaths for safe walk. The administration should give a serious thought on providing a foot-over-bridge so that the people can cross the road safely.\"Bhaven Ranwani, who owns a shop, asked how can people use the footpaths when they are broken at many places and not kept clean at all. \"The civic administration has it office here. The footpath outside the office is not in a good condition. At some stretches it's narrow while at some places it doesn't exit at all. The condition of the footpaths remains bad on Airport Road as well,\" he said.When contacted, PMC officer Umesh Mali said instructions to repair the footpaths were given to authorities concerned. \"Some people residing in nearby areas put their tea stalls on footpaths. Sometimes it becomes difficult to keep round-the-clock watch on law-breakers,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12943685", "title": "Expert panel to check material used in projects", "text": "JAIPUR: To keep a check and maintain the quality of the material used in the city projects, the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) has appointed a third party to carry out inspections.The team comprises four expert members including retired chief engineer of PWD and a US-based engineer. A senior official said, \"Earlier, the third party was appointed to check the quality of roads. Now, we have decided the team will check the quality of material used in projects too.\"These inspections have proved to be beneficial for the JDA in the past. In such case, after finding anomaly in the quality of material, the JDA had sought a report from the officials concerned.Based on the findings of the report submitted by the third party, transfer orders for the executive engineer and the assistant engineer of JDA's engineering cell were issued.After taking a serious note of the poor quality of material used in city roads, the authority had earlier issued notices to the officials and fined the contractor. \"A penalty of Rs 30 lakh was levied on the contractor, while notices to the officials concerned were issued,\" an official said.JDA officials said having an expert panel ensures that the contractors don't trick the authority.\"Sometimes, even officials fail to fully review the quality of material used in projects. It is a wise decision to rope in experts to inspect the structures,\" the official said.JDA's contract with the third party had expired in December, but the authority had earlier not bothered to renew it. \"The contract was renewed after a report was sought from the chief minister's office in this regard,\" a source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12945022", "title": "This 'Anand' scripts a happy ending", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Remember Rajesh Khanna in the Bollywood classic 'Anand'? He plays a man counting his last days as he suffers from lymphosarcoma of the intestine and quotes Shakespeare to lift spirits of friends: Zindagi ek rangmanch hai aur hum sab iski kathputliyan (the world's a stage, and all the men and women are merely players).While Khanna's character in the film loses his fight against cancer, an Amdavadi 'Anand' has scripted a happy ending in his personal life - and will create history of sorts by becoming the first Amdavadi actor to perform on Shakespeare's Globe Theatre in London this month.Archan Trivedi, 46, suffered from the same disease that ailed Khanna in the film. Now, he is a part of a Mumbai-based theatre group, Arpana, that will perform an adaptation of 'All's Well That Ends Well' in Gujarati as 'Maro Piyu Gayo Rangoon - Sau Saru jenu chhevat saru' on May 23-24 at the Globe as a part of the prestigious World Shakespeare Festival, associated with the London Olympics. The play was opened in Mumbai on Sunday. Though all actors are Gujarati, they are based in Mumbai - Trivedi is the only one from Ahmedabad.Trivedi's singing and acting skills earned him the role of Lakharam, a clown that narrates the story through songs.He is excited at the very idea of performing before a standing audience, the 16th century tradition that is still maintained at the theatre established by the Bard of Avon .\"It is a dream of every artist to perform at the Globe,\" says Trivedi, who has so far bagged 21 awards, including Gujarat government's Gaurav Puraskar.In 1991, he was diagnosed with lymcosarcoma of the intestine and battled the deadly disease for 26 months. \"I am alive because of lots of prayers and financial support from my friends ,\" he says.\"I have repaid the amount, but many, like magician K Lal, refused to take it back,\" says Trivedi, who supports one kid every year at the Cancer Hospital in Ahmedabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12943187", "title": "Test to find hearing defects in newborns on the anvil", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The state government is planning to set up otoacoustic emissions (OAE) facilities in hospitals that handle at least 100 childbirths a day. The facility has clinical importance as it is used as non-invasive test to check hearing defects in newborn babies. The plan was announced by chief minister Oommen Chandy on Monday while inaugurating the Shruthi Tharangam project to conduct cochlear implant surgery on 200 children from poor families who are below three years of age.At the function held at the Tagore Centenary Hall, Chandy said the government is also considering a proposal to ensure cochlear implant surgery on children above three years of age too. He said that steps will be taken to issue OAE certificates along with birth certificates in hospitals. Plans are on the anvil to train teachers and parents in audio-verbal therapy.Chandy said health department with the help of Kerala State Social Security Mission which is overseeing the cochlear implant scheme will take measures to address various issues in the health sector. Health minister V S Sivakumar said the department will take steps to set up facility to conduct cochlear implant surgery at the Thiruvananthapuram Medical College. He said the government has already taken steps to detect hearing impaired, eye check-up and thyroid imbalance in children. The minister also released the book 'Thalir' which comprises articles written by children who have overcome cancer. The chief minister also launched the website for the Shruthi Tharangam project.During the event he also felicitated Muraleedharan Namboodiri, V M Naushad, A Ravi, K T Ramdas, and Manoj who successfully conducted the implant surgery on three-year-old Biyanka. K J Yesudas and Apex International School chairman A Alikoya donated Rs 1 lakh each for the project.Minister for social welfare and panchayats M K Muneer presided over the function. District panchayat president K Jameela, district collector K V Mohankumar, T P Ashraf, executive director of Kerala State Social Security Mission, A Pradeep Kumar MLA and others spoke on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12945337", "title": "Naveen Patnaik says Jhina Hikaka won\u2019t quit", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The suspense over Jhina Hikaka's possible resignation as Laxmipur MLA ended on Monday with chief minister Naveen Patnaik hinting at the legislator's continuance in his job.\"Why should anyone who has been democratically elected resign under pressure? I don't believe in this at all,\" Naveen told reporters.Naveen, who is also the BJD president, broke his silence on the tribal MLA's possible resignation hours before Hikaka, accompanied by wife Kaushalya and two sons, met him at his residence here. Hikaka traveled by train with enhanced security cover to meet Naveen.\"I'm very happy that Hikaka is in Bhubaneswar. It is a big relief that his ordeal is over,\" said Naveen, who asked Hikaka to take rest for some time to overcome the mental and physical trauma. Hikaka spent 33 days in Maoist captivity in the jungles of Koraput.Hikaka said he had a 30-minute interaction with the CM. \"He told me release my tension and get refreshed,\" he told reporters. Hikaka didn't comment on the Maoist demand that he quit as MLA and snap ties with the BJD. Information technology minister Ramesh Majhi was with the Laxmipur legislator when he met Naveen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12943609", "title": "Students learn while having fun", "text": "Freshers party at Satpaul Mittal SchoolJovial smiles and high spirits marked the freshers party organized in Satpaul Mittal School, Dugri. With pulsating ambienceflashing lights and foot tapping music, the party began on a high note. Rocking beats, rollicking songs and a rapturous crowd set the party ablaze as everyone rendezvoused and familiarized with each other. The function provided a wonderful platform to Class XI students to mix up with Class XII students.The party commenced with the welcome speech followed by a dance performance by Class XII students. The mind boggling performance was followed by a ramp walk for Class XI, where freshers walked with poise to flaunt their dresses. Students sang melodious songs and enthralled everyone with their mesmerizing performance. Akshay Jain was declared Mr Fresher and Prisha Dhanda was adjudged Miss Fresher 2012.Eco Friendly Week at Bhartiya Vidya MandirStudents of Bhartiya Vidya Mandir School, Udham Singh Nagar, observed Eco Friendly Week with great enthusiasm. The week started with activities like plantation, watering the plants and paper bag making by kindergarten section. In primary section, slogan writing, drawing and paper reading on the topic \"Say No To Poly Bags'' was conducted in the morning assembly. Activity of recycling paper was also carried out in groups. Middle section students participated in painting and poster making on the topic \"Save Earth From Global Warming''. In classes IX and X, collage making and paper making exhibition were carried out. The week was organized to create awareness among the masses about current and potential environmental hazards.Articles made of paper mashie, recycled paper bags were displayed in the school campus for parents on parent-teacher meeting. Principal Bandana Sethi appreciated the efforts made by the students as a strong step towards the revered of clean and green planet.Pool party organized for Green Land studentsA splash pool party was organized at Green Land Convent School, Civil City, for the students of kindergarten section. The pools were full of colourful balls, toys, paper boats and the students enjoyed the party in their colourful swimming costumes. Different juices and fruits were also relished by the kids. Principal Jyoti Pujara appreciated the enthusiasm and excitement among the students.Cherubs School celebrates birthdayStudents of Cherubs Pre School, Dugri, were in for some fun as a dance party was organized at the premises to celebrate the birthday of three students - Zyna Gujral, Ozpreet Kaur and Arzoi Chugh. All the students and parents of the school were called to celebrate it together. Various games like musical chair, tambola, spoon race were played and greatly enjoyed by the students and parents. Resident of Dugri, Zyna Gujral's mother Gurpreet Kaur said, \"I never imagined that the school would celebrate my daughter's birthday at such a large scale. I was delighted to see the school's effort to make students feel special.''Resident of Dugri, Ozpreet Panesar's mother Satpinder said, \"At the party, I met other parents for the first time, but it seemed like all of us were friends as we danced and played games together.''Resident of Urban Vihar, Arzoi's mother Inderjeet Chugh said, \"It was a fabulous party and wining games was not important as was participating in them. I hope the school organizes more such parties.'' Resident of Model Town, Kiaan Gupta's mother Ritika said, \"The party was a lot of fun and we enjoyed moving out of our dull routines to spend time with children.''School director Ruchika Arora said, \"This was the first time that this kind of birthday party happened in the school, but seeing the response of the parents and kids, we will surely try to make it a regular feature of the school.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12945105", "title": "Aakash rings hope for Rae Bareli ITI", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Indian Telephone Industry plant in Rae Bareli is all set to get a fresh lease of life as the Union HRD ministry has shortlisted it as one of the manufacturing units for its ambitious Aakash-2, the project to provide subsidised tablet PC to students.Hopes were raised when the Union HRD minister Kapil Sibal publicly announced his preference for a \"fully indigenous and truly an Indian product\" last year to achieve th e goal of merging education with information technology. With Datawind already on its way out, the ministry didn't have to scout for long apparently to identify the right agency. Datawind had earlier bagged the contract to supplying the low-cost tablet to the government. ITI, Rae Bareli, apart from its link with the bastion of Gandhi family, also had its share of laurels to rest on. Till the entry of multinationals, ITI retained its monopoly in the manufacturing of telephone exchanges, and therefore fits the bill.But now 90% of the plant and working hands lie idle. To raise resources, the administration has been forced to lease out its land and buildings to governm ent ins titutes like National Institute of Fashion Technology.The possibility of Aakash coming its way has also energised the set-up.Though reluctant to share the specific details, officials in the unit admit that ITI Rae Bareli will be getting a major chunk of the supply order, once the project takes off. \"Communication has already reached from Delhi and there are hectic activities on campus to get things in order, before we get the final go ahead,\" sources told TOI.General manager ITI Rakesh Purvar when contacted said that the plant is very much in the loop. Purvar was part of the expert team, which had a meeting with Sibal last November when the minister gave his nod. Sounding a bit guarded, the GM said that ITI Rae Bareli had the biggest workforce of 3,500 employees among all the six plants across the country.\"We have the numbers and expertise both to handle much more complex things than Aakash. In the past, the unit had successfully completed its mobile telephony project and tablet PC in comparison seems to be a child's play,\" he said.Meanwhile, sources claimed that a note for infrastructural expansion has already been forwarded to the Centre by the branch.\"The volume under the 12th Five Year Plan is pegged at 2.2 crore tablets, so we are looking at big numbers. It will require installation of new machinery and a bit of overhaul. In fact a section in the government favours making ITI a procurement agency and turn it into manufacturing unit subsequently but it has not found much currency,\" said a senior official.And even though Rae Bareli will bag the lion's share of orders, all six ITI plants, another official says, may be required to work in synergy to execute the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12945003", "title": "Death in Raj Nagar slums sparks outrage", "text": "NAGPUR: The death of an evicted slum dweller Kishor Ambadare has sparked outrage among the residents of Raj Nagar slum, which was demolished on Saturday. The residents are blaming Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) and city police for the death of the 45-year-old man.Meanwhile, a large number of slum-dwellers continued to occupy the footpath near the slum. They have not left the area since the slum was razed on Saturday. Ambadare's death added fuel to their anger. They said that they would not leave the place until they were given back the land or provided alternative accommodation.Five more slum-dwellers were hospitalized on Sunday but their condition is okay. Two persons were hospitalized on Monday. According to NCP corporator Prakash Gajbhiye and his supporter Dashrath Vaidya, Ambadare was very disturbed due to the demolition and had taken ill. His condition further deteriorated due to smoke emanating from the burning slum. He was taken to Mayo hospital at 5pm on Sunday but succumbed at 4am on Monday. Ambadare's sons, in their statement to police, said that their father had died due to sunstroke and dehydration. They also blamed callous attitude of Mayo doctors for the death. Gajbhiye has demanded action against NMC and police officials.Ambadare's family had eight members including him. He has two sons, one of whom is married and has three children. All the five adult members are daily wagers. His daughter too resided in the slum with her family.On Monday large number of ousted slum-dwellers continued to camp in Raj Nagar area. However, many residents, who had another house in the city or had relatives, have left. Some NMC officials claim that some people were staying on footpaths despite having alternative accommodations as a mark of protest.Meanwhile, police booked nine slum-dwellers on Sunday for allegedly setting the huts on fire in a desperate measure to prevent the demolition. They include Guddu Sahu (22), Anil Pitkar (22), Anilkumar Bondre (27), Rajesh Tekam (40) and five unidentified persons.On Monday morning, Gajbhiye met home minister RR Patil and raised the issue. Patil, who was in the city on way to Gadchiroli, apparently did not show much interest and merely said that he would apprise chief minister Prithviraj Chavan of the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12943168", "title": "Cops hint at tough steps to tackle communal clashes", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The frequent clashes between political parties in Kasaragod and Nadapuram in Kozhikode are giving tough time to the state government. The fear that these fights could turn into a full-blown communal riot anytime has led the home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan to plan for an all-party meeting. The date of the meeting and its venue will be decided soon. The meeting will discuss the plans suggested by the police to tackle the issue.The police have already submitted a detailed proposal to the government with specific suggestions to deal with the perpetrators of communal violence. One among them is the move to book persons involved in cases with a communal angle under section 153(A) of IPC for inciting communal passion. In Nadapuram, torching of houses and shops and recovery of arms have become a frequent affair. Police sources say the seizure of explosives at regular intervals prove that the 'arms factories' here are still functional despite the best efforts of the cops.Miffed by the recent developments in which miscreants targeted places of worship and rival groups retaliated, the cops have also requested the home department to raise a special force in line with the Rapid Action Force to deal with communal skirmishes. \"We hope that the government will seriously consider the proposals which are essential to deal with unprecedented situations,\" said a senior police officer.Police officials say that political parties aught to be sensitized about the dangers behind miscreants taking refuge in political parties to get protection from law. They say that in some cases, political leadership even extend legal help to culprits. They want the political leaders to desist from rushing to the police stations to resuce the culprits involved in communal cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12944093", "title": "Farman Shinwari named chief of al-Qaida in Pakistan", "text": "NEW DELHI: Al-Qaida in Pakistan has a new chief, Farman Shinwari, Pakistani daily The News International has reported. A few of his brothers have \"fought\" in Jammu &amp; Kashmir with the erstwhile Harkat-ul-Ansar (later renamed Harkat-ul-Mujahideen).The newspaper quoted sources in Waziristan to say that al-Qaida's Dawa Wing had issued a statement naming Shinwari, 30, as the new head after consultations with all global al-Qaida leaders. Shinwari was apparently chosen for his closeness to Badar Mansoor, an al-Qaida leader killed in a drone attack in February, and his knowledge of the FATA areas in Pakistan.\"Farman Shinwari, 30, was close to Badar Mansoor, the former al-Qaida figure killed in a US drone attack in North Waziristan on February 9, 2011. Farman married about three years ago and has two children,\" the paper said.The announcement comes a year after Osama bin Laden was killed by a US Navy Seals operation in his safe house in Abbotabad, a stone's throw away from Pakistan's premier military training academy. Ayman Al Zawahiri was named his successor after several names like Ilyas Kashmiri and Saif Al Adel were tossed around.\"The sources said the al-Qaida commanders based in Pakistan were not involved in the decision, but they only ratified it. Farman Shinwari belongs to Khugakhel sub-tribe of Shinwaris based in Landikotal, and has five brothers. He got BSc degree in chemistry and biology from Landikotal Degree College a few years ago and did his master's in international relations from the University of Peshawar in the first division,\" the paper said.\"All of Farman Shinwari's brothers are affiliated with the Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan (TTP) and other militant groups. His elder brother Hazrat Nabi Shinwari, alias Tamanchy Mulla, was a theology teacher in a government-run school in Landikotal. He was leading the TTP in Khyber Agency in 2005 and also used to send militants to Kashmir and Afghanistan . He has remained the head of Harkatul Mujahideen and is nowadays said to be leading his group of TTP men in Waziristan,\" it added.Badar Mansoor, who Shinwari allegedly replaces, was the earlier de facto leader of al-Qaida in Pakistan. The Long War Journal quoted US officials to say that Mansoor and his predecessor, Aslam Awan, used their recruited al-Qaida operatives from Harkat-ul-Mujahideen and Tehreek-i-Taliban.\"Mansoor funneled Pakistani jihadists from HuM and TTP (Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan, or the Movement of the Taliban in Pakistan) into the ranks of al-Qaida,\" an official said. \"He didn't just recruit low level-jihadists, but also convinced more experienced commanders to fill positions in al-Qaida.\"The announcement confirms the growing interoperability and closeness between the various terrorist groups operating in Pakistan. There are now no more distinctions between Kashmir-centric groups and global jihad groups. For instance, Aslam Awan, who was killed in a drone strike in Waziristan in January, belonged to Abbotabad where Osama was found.The US announcement of a bounty on Lashkar-e-Taiba chief Hafiz Saeed came after they discovered strong ties between him and Osama, gleaned from his documents in Abbotabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12944876", "title": "District judge Desmond D'Costa reinstated", "text": "District judge Desmond D'Costa, who was suspended 15 months ago, has been reinstated and given the same posting. As per an order issued on Monday, D'Costa resumed work as district judge I and additional sessions judge, South Goa, in Margao on Monday evening. Sources said that the inquiry conducted by the committee appointed by the high court of Bombay found no merits in the complaint filed against D'Costa. He was suspended by the high court on February 9 last year in connection with the acquittal of alleged serial 'dupatta' killer Mahanand Naik. Lawyers had boycotted court proceedings in various courts in protest against the judge's suspension.Man held for stealing mobile phones in CollemCollem police have nabbed a person accused of stealing mobile phones from a shop in the Collem bazaar. The accused, 27-year-old Rajaram, a native of Belgaum in Karnataka, had stolen mobile phones from Mallikarjun electronics at Collem bazaar on the intervening night of March 28-29. Police managed to track one of the stolen mobile phones and then traced the accused. The accused was working at a pharmaceutical firm in the Verna industrial estate as an electrician. So far 38 mobile phones worth Rs 1.5 lakh have been recovered.Case filed for extracting stones at Dhargalim: Pernem police on Monday registered a case against unidentified persons for extracting laterite stones from a property acquired by the government for the proposed sports city in Dhargalim, Pernem taluka. Police acted following a written complaint from Sudhir Mandrekar. Pernem police inspector Tushar Lotlikar said that 10 trucks and three power tiller machines, used to cut the stones, were seized in a raid conducted on Monday afternoon. Lotlikar said that they have booked the case against unidentified persons and have launched a manhunt to trace the main culprit. A Pernem police source said that labourers and a contractor escaped before police reached the spot to conduct the raid. In his written complaint to the Pernem police, the complainant said that the act of illegal extraction of laterite stones was going on for the last couple of weeks. Mandrekar, in his complaint demanded immediate action against the culprits. PSI Mohan Gawde, who is investigating the case, said that a police team has been set up to trace the main culprit in the case.Thieves strike Siolim temple: Unidentified persons decamped with Rs 6,000 in cash from a donation box, a copper samayee (lamp) worth Rs 45,000 and other items, totally worth Rs 60,000 from the Shree Sateri Devasthan in Siolim on the night intervening Sunday and Monday. The incident came to light after a temple priest noticed in the morning that door latches were broken and a cupboard ransacked. Mapusa police conducted the panchanama and a case has been booked. Investigations are in progress under the supervision of PI Tushar Vernekar.Avdhut Arsekar is S Goa advocates' chief: The South Goa Advocates Association (SGAA) announced their newly elected executive committee on Monday. The SGAA elections, which are held every two years, took place on April 27. The newly elected SGAA executive committee members are Avdhut Arsekar as president, Adison D'cruz as vice president, Winston Mascarenhas as secretary and Antonio Clovis da Costa as treasurer. The other members include Pramila Kunkolienkar as female member, Bhaskar Tari for Margao, Harshad Arsekar for Vasco, Elvis Fernandes for Quepem, Sanford Fernandes for Canacona and Shashikant Naik for Sanguem.The election committee comprised Silvano Estibeiro, Vivek Naik and Anirudh Salkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12944910", "title": "PIL on CBI going soft on National Rural Health Mission scam big shots", "text": "LUCKNOW: A public interest litigation (PIL) was filed in the Lucknow Bench of the Allahabad High Court on Monday against the alleged double standards adopted by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) in arresting those accused in the multi-crore National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) scam.Filed by Lucknow-based social activist, Nutan Thakur, the PIL came up for hearing before a division bench of Justice Imtiyaz Murtaza and Justice V C Gupta. The bench has posted the hearing for Tuesday. The PIL has cited TOI reports published on April 21 and April 7 which highlighted how the CBI had arrested some bit players while some influential people like the former mission director of NRHM, Pradeep Shukla, had only been questioned. The PIL has requested the court to direct the CBI to clarify its position and furnish the status report of the NRHM probe before the bench.Significantly, it was the high court which had asked CBI to probe the alleged scam said to be to the tune of Rs 5,700 crore. The scam has also claimed as many as six lives so far which include the murder of three medical officers and three suicides. On January 31 this year, a division bench of Justice Pradeep Kant and Justice Ritu Raj Awasthi, which was supervising the probe, had pulled up the CBI for its slow progress. The bench had also expressed concern that 'big players' are interrogated and let off. So far, 14 persons have been arrested. But barring Kushwaha, none of the high-profile accused, out of a total of 41, has been arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12944873", "title": "Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan urged to review 'defunct' tiger cells", "text": "NAGPUR: Worried by tiger poaching with the help of jaw traps in Palasgaon near Tadoba-Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR), chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, who is also the chairman of State Board for Wildlife (SBWL), has been urged to review functioning of tiger cells, anti-poaching units and law enforcement and come out with new and advanced mechanism to tackle the problem.In a letter written to Chavan on April 30, Kishor Rithe, member of SWBL and chief of Satpuda Foundation, said, \"Time has come to think seriously about how effective our tiger cells are and whether we really need a new and advance mechanism in Maharashtra.\"The tiger cells and anti-poaching units were set up 10 years ago after detection of many wildlife poaching and trade cases in Maharashtra. \"However, after almost a decade, I found that most of the district tiger cells are defunct. Police and forest officers conduct meetings as merely a formality. The tiger cells could not become an effective law enforcement mechanism with fixed objectives to regularly gather required intelligence and prevent and detect the wildlife crime cases in the state,\" Rithe said.In last so many years, forest department could not build its image as the best law (forest &amp; wildlife) enforcement agency. The new Special Tiger Protection Force (STPF) will also make no difference if police and forest departments are not tuned to wildlife crime details and latest modus operandi of poachers and wildlife traders.What needs to be done?* Evolve a mechanism with police and forest departments to effectively use tiger cells, anti-poaching units.* Call a meeting of forest and home ministers and secretaries of departments concerned to tackle wildlife poaching and trade.* Take critical review of existing tiger cells and anti-poaching units and steps taken by them to curb illegal poaching and tiger deaths.* Send message to departments concerned through this meeting that government is really serious to protect tigers.* The meeting should be held before any such incident takes place. Gujarat government took such steps after poaching of lions in Gir and were successful.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12948288", "title": "Explosion near Ram temple in Madurai ahead of Advani\u2019s visit", "text": "MADURAI: A low intensity crude bomb exploded near a Ram temple in Madurai in the wee hours of Tuesday. The bomb was hidden inside a box attached to a cycle that was parked near the gate of the temple at Anna Nagar in the temple city. Since the explosion occurred around 3 am, no one were injured.``It was a very low intensity bomb made out of chemicals used in fire crackers. The culprits had used two batteries meant for torch lights and a timer to ignite the bomb,'' said Anna Nagar Assistant commissioner S Velladurai. The blast spread scare among the residents in the locality as they woke up to the noise of the explosion. The police, bomb detection and disposal squad and the forensic experts rushed to the spot and have collected the exploded pieces of the bomb. Police said the cycle was parked near the gate for the past three days. ``The bomb was not intended to cause any damage. The intention of the culprits seems to be to threaten and create panic,'' Velladurai said.The bomb blast comes in the wake of a two day BJP conference scheduled for May 11 and 12 when key leaders, including L K Advani, are expected to visit Madurai. During the last visit of Advani to Madurai, the police found a powerful pipe bomb planted under a low level bridge at Thirumangalam over which Advani was to pass through as part of his Jan Chetna Yatra. The case is being probed by SIT and the key accused Fakrudeen from Nelpettai is still on the run.In fact the city has had close brushes with crude bombs several times in the past. Last year, crude bombs were detected on two occasions before they could explode - once in a crowded state-owned bus and another time when a bomb planted inside a dust bin near Mattuthavani bus stand exploded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12944187", "title": "Municipal Corporation of Delhi chief bows out on nostalgic note", "text": "NEW DELHI: Monday marked the end of the Municipal Corporation of Delhi (MCD) as one entity. The 55-year-old civic body will give way to three agencies, with the North Delhi Municipal Corporation the first to come into being.The formation of the north civic body was tinged with nostalgia for outgoing MCD commissioner K S Mehra. He described his tenure as commissioner as not only his last, but also the \"most challenging\". Mehra, a 1978-batch IAS officer, will join the Delhi government from next week.\"This was the most challenging assignment in my 37-year-long career,'' Mehra told TOI. \"From implementing administrative reforms to introducing new technology for better services, a lot has been done in the last four years to streamline the functioning of MCD. The introduction of biometric system of attendance was met with resistance from the staff, but it has helped in ascertaining the number of employees as well as checking tardiness. \" said Mehra.Implementation of e-governance was another achievement of MCD, Mehra said. \"The biometric system and e-governance have changed the way MCD functions. MCD's waste-to-energy project is yet another achievement. By 2014, the city would generate 52MW of electricity from waste. We plan to start a similar project at our Narela-Bawana landfill site. \" he said.But with trifurcation of MCD, Mehra only hopes that the new corporations will carry forward the legacy of the old corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12943207", "title": "Man uses Barack Obama's photo to get new mobile phone connection", "text": "HYDERABAD: If the records of a private telecom operator are to be believed, then US President Barack Obama is a 21-year-old resident of Nalgonda in Andhra Pradesh. In a telling laxity of the telecom service providers in granting telephone connections to all and sundry without proper verification, a Nalgonda resident by the name of M Prasad secured a cellphone connection with the number 9177523297 by passing off the photograph of the US President as his.On coming to know of it, Nalgonda SP Navin Gulati has alerted his bosses in Hyderabad who are likely to take up the matter with the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India. In the meantime, Obama's Nalgonda mobile number has been disconnected by the cops.The cops aver that the unbridled competition among the various service providers in adding numbers is the reason for such goof-ups. To increase cell connections, the mobile network service providers have resorted to hiring third party sales personnel who are selling SIM cards on the roads in towns and cities across India and providing the connections at a cheaper rate without verifying the genuineness of the documents submitted as identity and residence proofs.For example, after submitting the photo of Obama to the third party provider, Prasad had given a photocopy of his driving licence as proof of identity. However, Prasad's photo on the driving licence is completely blurred. And cops suspect that the documents submitted by Prasad at the Regional Transport Authority's office at Nalgonda to procure his driving licence too could be fake.To prevent such ludicrous irregularities from occurring in the future, the cops have suggested that TRAI should immediately ban the telecom service providers from activating the mobile connections through third party mechanism.The AP police have also recommended introduction of biometric system to capture the identity of the customer. It has also been suggested that the customer who wants to become a subscriber of a network provider should be physically present before the fixed centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12949917", "title": "Anjali in Delhi Belly remake", "text": "Anjali, who's playing an important role in \"Seethamma Vaakitlo Sirimalle Chettu\", has signed yet another multi-starrer in Tamil.She has been roped in to play one of the lead roles in the Tamil remake of \"Delhi Belly\". Kannan will direct the film which stars Arya, Hansika, Anjali, Santhanam and Premgi in lead roles.Apparently, Anjali will play the role of a journalist, which was played by Poorna Jagannathan in the original. The original film, which was made in English and Hindi, stars Imran Khan , Shenaz, Vir Das , Kunal Kapoor and Poorna Jagannathan in lead roles. Hansika is reprising Shenaz's role and she'll be seen as an air hostess. The film will go on floors on May 7.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12946092", "title": "Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease deadlier than asthma, say doctors", "text": "KANPUR: The endless construction and digging work on in the city and vehicular pollution are leading to rise in cases of chronic obstructive pulmonary/lung disease (COPD). According to doctors, the growing pollution is the major cause of the rise in COPD.According to experts, COPD is a disease appearing similar to asthma but much more lethal and different from it. It is characterized by prolonged cough with excess sputum production and breathlessness. Initially, breathlessness is observed after light work but gradually it may occur even while sitting idle. The breathlessness caused due to asthma can be completely cured after proper medication, but it is not same with COPD.COPD gives rise to several other complications. The initial lung and chest disorder can also cause osteoporosis and anaemia in advanced stages.According to the chest experts, in India clear data is not available. It is suspected that COPD may be one of the major causes of mortality. The recent survey at various centres of the country revealed the fact that there were over 90 per cent COPD cases which had occurred due to smoking. Also, 8.5 per cent of COPD patients are female. The ratio of male to female patients is as high as 1.5:1 in India.Though COPD might not be cured completely with drugs, but proper education and awareness about the disease could surely help to reduce its occurrence. Measures like quitting smoking, use of pollution-free means of cooking and proper ventilation in the houses might lower the risk of COPD significantly. According to Dr RP Singh, chest expert at Lala Lajpat Rai Hospital, people like traffic police cops, roadside vendors and rickshaw pullers are more prone to COPD due to dangerous pollutants in the vehicular exhaust. Workers of mills and mines also have chances to develop COPD.The most common cause of COPD is smoking. Around 90% of people who smoke, risk the chance of developing COPD. Another reason for the higher prevalence of COPD in the city is the huge population. \"The construction work and development projects being carried out in every nook and corner are major threats to COPD and asthma patients,\" Dr Singh said. If respiratory infections during childhood are not treated, these can become COPD at a later age. Regular cleaning of carpets, mattresses and other places, where dust settles, should be done.People must avoid making children sit in front of the bikes and scooters as in this case they inhale maximum dust. The healthy diet and regular exercise may help people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12942554", "title": "Consumers want more any-time payment centres", "text": "NASHIK: As 23,600 consumers in limited areas benefit from the any-time payment (ATP) centres started by the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited (MSEDCL), demand for the setting up of more centres in other parts of the city is on the rise. Six machines have been installed and more will be added shortly, an MSEDCL, Nashik, official said.\"We have six machines that accept cheques and cash. Till April 19, a month after installation, 23,600 consumers benefitted and the collection was Rs 2.04 crore. This was less than 50% of the collection in the areas and next month should see the numbers increasing,\" an official from MSEDCL's billing section said.The centre at Devlali Camp turned out to be most used with 7,497 consumers paying Rs 43.09 lakh in cash and 208 consumers paying Rs 9.90 lakh through cheques, totaling 52.99 lakh of receipts generated, and accounting for 25% of the total collection.\"The machines are consumer-friendly. Besides, MSEDCL also has to pay Rs 3.60 per bill, as against the Rs 9 the contractor who operated the machines a year back, used to pocket. The contract was cancelled and the manual bill collection process was used last year,\" the official said.However, there are areas from where consumers are demanding the machines. \"We had the facility two years ago but they were closed down. We have learned that the facility has been restarted. We hope to get one,\" Avinash Gade, a resident of Savta Nagar (Cidco), said. A similar demand came from Satpur, Gangapur Road and Nashik Road.\"Nashik Road is not limited to Shivaji Nagar. There is a dense population behind the international swimming pool and most are office-goers who find it difficult to pay their bills. This system will help in a better collection of bills,\" Rakesh Bagdi, a resident of Jai Bhavani Nagar, said.The centers were installed at Panchavati, Holaram Colony, Bhadrakali, Kharbanda Park and Shivaji Nagar, Jail Road in addition to one at the complaint centre, Devlali. More centres will be added in the second phase.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12944757", "title": "Link between urbanization, rise in diseases: Experts", "text": "BHOPAL: A chocolate wrapper or a small cup of coffee, if not disposed of properly, may lead to rise in malaria cases by chocking drainages. There appears a link between growing urbanzation and health risks, going by the assertions of health experts. As urbanization picks pace, health risks are on the rise, too, and cities like Bhopal are in need of a comprehensive public health policy, says former director of National Vector Borne Disease Control Programme (NVBDCP) Dr PL Joshi in the city on Monday.\"A small coffee cup or a chocolate wrapper can also be a breeding ground for mosquitoes. Urban waste management is a key component of controlling spread of disease,\" he added.\"Chocolate wrappers and disposable coffee cups chock drainages leading water-logging and this ultimately becomes a breeding ground of mosquitoes,\" he explained\"Mosquitoes breed and thrive in construction sites,\" said Dr Joshi. Two per cent of the total cost of construction project should be spent on controlling vector-borne diseases, an initiative underway in Mumbai.According to experts, migration and increasing population due to urbanisation has a direct impact on health of citizens. \"Urbanization invariably leads to an increase in vector-borne diseases. It can be curbed if proper policies are in place,\" said Dr Joshi, who was attending a workshop on vector-borne diseases that began at the Gandhi Medical College (GMC) in Bhopal on Monday.Citing the case of Bhopal, experts say the city population has increased to 23.6 lakh, but the population density has declined to 854 per square km. \"There is less space to live and construct and it creates problems of urban planning,\" said Dr Joshi.Another fallout of rise in population is an increase rate of asthma cases, in the city, attributed to rising levels of air-pollution in the city. Asthma attack can be triggered indoor and outdoor allergens.The five-day workshop is organised by the GMC in association with directorate of NVBDCP and the National Institute of Health and Family Welfare (NIHFW). The aim is to impart training to government medical practitioners to tackle vector-borne diseases such as Japanese encephalitis , dengue, chikungunya and malaria, which are causing either morbidity or mortality for affected people in both urban and rural areas.Youngsters most prone to asthmaAsthma known as a common chronic childhood illness, now affects nearly 5% to 10% of city youngsters, according to Dr Rajesh Bhagchandani. He was speaking at a press conference, a day ahead of the World Asthma Day (WAD) on May 1.What triggers asthma is not fully understood, youngsters up to the age of 25 are most at risk. The increase in cases can be attributed to the rise in air pollution and other factors due to increased urbanisation, he said.\"The intake of artificial products, be it soft drinks or food items, is also a contributing factor,\" he added.Asthma causesIndoor allergens (for example house dust mites in bedding, carpets and stuffed furniture, pollution and pet dander)Outdoor allergens (such as pollens and moulds)Tobacco smokeChemical irritants in the workplaceAir pollution", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "srikakulam", "code": "12943294", "title": "Ex-CRPF jawan gets death peanlty for murder spree", "text": "SRIKAKULAM: A district court here on Monday awarded the death penalty in a massacre case in which seven persons were killed by a former CRPF jawan Metta Shankar Rao. The court ordered that the 38-year-old Rao be hanged till death.Pronouncing the verdict, judge K V Ramanaji Rao also sentenced the former jawan to 10 years of simple imprisonment for possession of lethal weapons and explosives under sections 3 and 4(A) of the Explosives Substances Act and imposed a fine of Rs 2,000. Rao created terror by going on a murder spree butchering seven people, including his two children, at Mettapeta village in Julumuru mandal on the night of November 30, 2010. In a gory act, he beheaded the children - Mahesh, 9, and Manasa, 6 - and placed the children's heads in the nearby Someswara temple and the bodies in his house.Later, Rao went to the village and killed two women and three men with knives. The deceased were Pyla Venkata Rao, Pyla Lakshmana Rao, Metta Yerrayya, Boddepalli Damayanti and V Parvati. He also hurled crude bombs at the houses of victims to terrorise them. A fire broke out after the bombs went off but fortunately, did not spread to the nearby houses.'Killer' nursed grouse against villagersAfter surrendering to the police, the former CRPF jawan told them that he had killed the kids as none would look after them once he was jailed. The multiple murders sent shockwaves in the state as people in the village ran for cover as Rao threatened to kill everyone with bombs and knives.Rao was an accused in the murder of his wife Vijayalakshmi in 2005 and was sentenced to seven years in jail. He challenged the judgment in the AP high court. The conviction cost Rao his job and had since then nursed a grudge against the villagers, particularly those who deposed against him in the court. He feared that they would give evidence in the high court and threatened them with dire consequences. After coming out on bail, Rao went on the rampage by targeting the witnesses who deposed against him.\"In fact, on learning about the incidents, police rushed to the village and in their very presence, he murdered two more persons,\" a villager recalled. After the sentencing, Rao was sent to the Rajahmundry Central jail , the only prison in the state with facilities for hanging.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12943943", "title": "After nine months, G S Sandhu gets back urban development and housing department", "text": "JAIPUR: The Ashok Gehlot government's trusted bureaucrat G S Sandhu was brought back to the urban development and housing (UDH) department after a stint of 9 months with home department on Monday. Ashok Sampatram, who has been promoted as additional chief secretary (ACS), was assigned the home department after shifting him out of the school and Sanskrit education department.The state government carried out the bureaucratic reshuffle with four IAS officers getting prompted to the rank of ACS and three officers being given additional charges. Ram Lubhaya, who headed important departments like water resources and PHED, retired on Monday. The departments he was looking after were distributed among Malovika Pawar and D B Bhushan in the reshuffle.The other officers who were promoted but retained in their departments included Nilima Jauhari (chairman and managing director, rural non-farm sector development agency), Aditi Mehta (social justice and empowerment and social security), O P Meena (animal husbandry, fisheries and dairy development department and managing director RCDF) and Pankaj (science and technology).Pawar, who heads the Devasthan department, was given the additional charge of water resources department, state water planning department and the Indira Gandhi Canal departments. Principal secretary of agriculture department , Bhushan was assigned the additional responsibility of public health engineering department (PHED). Bhaskar Atmaram Sawant, secretary, school education, got the additional charge of principal secretary of the school and Sanskrit education department left vacant after Sampatram's transfer to the home department.Sandhu had been handling additional responsibility of the UDH department after P K Deb was transferred as ACS and director general of the Jawahar Kala Kendra. Deb subsequently moved with the Centre on deputation a fortnight ago. Sandhu once again has been assigned the duty to expedite the projects like Congress's government's flagship programme of affordable housing. Known for quick decision-making and acumen in getting the funds for the projects, Sandhu is considered close to chief minister Gehlot.Sampatram, another trusted officer of the chief minister, has the responsibility to improve the deteriorating law and order situation in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "ulhasnagar", "code": "12943899", "title": "Poisoning caused custody death: CID", "text": "ULHASNAGAR: The state CID has registered a case against unknown persons for killing accused Sunil Shelke in police custody by poisoning him. Initially, it was alleged that Shelke was tortured by the cops but the CID findings has shocked the family, who are questioning how Shelke can be poisoned in custody.Shelke died in police custody early on April 12. On April 11, the Central police arrested Shelke and his brother Yogesh following a complaint by the former's wife Aruna that they ill-treated her. -Pradeep Gupta", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12944189", "title": "Nagpur bench of Bombay high court asks state, RBI to act on chief secretary panel's report", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur bench of Bombay high court on Monday asked the Maharashtra government and Reserve Bank of India to say when they will act on the recommendations of the chief secretary panel on ailing cooperative banks. The panel had suggested on March 8, 2010, that depositors should be allowed to withdraw up to Rs 5 lakh from Nagpur Nagrik Mahila Sahakari Bank, Samata Sahakari Bank and Parmatma Ek Sevak Sahakari Bank, which went bankrupt in 2004, 2006 and 2008 respectively.A division bench comprising justices Bhushan Dharmadhikari and Ashok Bhangale also flayed RBI for its failure to file reply despite notice being served in January. Both respondents were asked to file their replies by June 17. Anil Kilor was counsel for the petitioner association of depositors, i.e. Vidarbha Nagri Sahakari Bank Va Patsanstha Thevidar Samiti.The depositors of these banks had moved the judiciary praying for getting their money back and action against directors whose alleged mismanagement had resulted in the banks going into the red.Kilor pointed out that the state had appointed administrator for these banks but on the other hand, RBI cancelled their registrations and directed the state to initiate process of their merger with other financial institutions.The depositors of three banks had filed complaints saying they were allowed to withdraw only up to Rs 1 lakh. RBI then recommended increasing this amount from Rs 1 lakh to Rs 5 lakh. Taking note of these complaints and apex bank's recommendations, the government appointed a committee headed by the chief secretary to study and suggest measures.The lawyer told the judges that all depositors were middle class people and suffering since the government failed to take a decision on panel's recommendations for over two years. He alleged that RBI had deliberately ignored bungling in these banks which had been brought out in audit reports and also through various complaints received by it.He informed that though commissioner of cooperative department started repaying the depositors under Depositors' Insurance Scheme, they were offering only Rs 1 lakh without any interest. The petitioners claimed that the government failed to take action against the guilty bank directors as per Section 88 of Maharashtra State Cooperative Act, which fixes liability on directors for financial irregularities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12944707", "title": "Body, face painting fever grips city youths", "text": "BHOPAL: Easy, expressive and elegant! Bhopal youths seem to have been bitten by the body painting bug -- the next big thing in vogue after tattooing. More so, when the occasion is a wedding party, school or college annual functions, cultural activities or a cricket match.Swapnil Vijayvargiya, one of the body painters in the city, said youths are evincing interest in body painting mainly because, unlike tattooing, it does not hurt.\"Earlier, they would come to have images of small flag painted on their face only during any important cricket match. The trend is changing now,\" Swapnil said.Painters like Swapnil get orders of around 20 to 25 face paintings almost every day. \"Mostly, school students come to me for face painting. Annual functions and other events are the best time for them to flaunt paintings on their face and display different looks,\" Swapnil said.Swapnil claimed that school students show more interest in face painting. \"Both boys and girls are keen on such paintings,\" he said.When asked about body painting, he said, \"I receive same number of calls for body painting too.\"Even girls show their interest in body painting. \"The wedding season is on its peak. I receive calls from girls for painting their back, shoulders and feet,\" he claimed.Besides these occasions, body painting has also become a fashion statement for people participating in various protests. \"Recently, I got calls from some activists who wanted to paint their bodies for holding demonstrations,\" he added.On being asked, Pragya Srikant, a college student said the idea of body painting came to her mind after her friend got her back painted recently. \"I liked it very much. I will get my back painted to attend a cousin's marriage next month,\" she said.It takes one to two hours to paint face while body painting takes time according to the design. \"It takes two to three hours for body painting,\" he said. He added that mostly natural colours are being used for both face and body painting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12944260", "title": "Cops refuse to mend ways", "text": "KOLKATA: Last week, officers of Kalighat police station faced a serious drubbing after some of them cold-shouldered a woman who rushed in with serious wounds to complain against her husband and in-laws. Two policemen even faced suspension for dereliction of duty. But it seems no lesson was learnt from the incident. On Monday, the cops allegedly did not arrest one of the accused named in the FIR while she roamed freely right under the nose of the policemen present on the court premises.The victim's relatives had earlier complained that the cops were trying to shield the accused and the reluctance of the cops on Monday goes on to bolster this fear of the complainant. However, Badal Das - the prime accused and the husband of the complainant - was remanded in 14-day judicial custody after he was produced before the court on Monday.The victim had rushed to the Kalighat police station on May 23 to lodge a complaint against Badal, brother-in-law Meghnath, mother-in-law Anubha and two other relatives. But the cops made her sit till dead of night but refused to take her complaint. The woman reached the police station the next day with the same purpose, but she found Badal sitting with the additional OC in his chamber. Instead of filing her complaint, the additional OC abused her verbally. It was only after senior cops intervened that the case got registered.The additional OC and a sub-inspector were suspended for their misconduct and Badal was rounded up. But since then cops did not take any initiative to arrest other accused and did not even seized the pillow that the accused used to smother her. The role of police raised question and the victim's family has reasons to believe that police are trying to guard the accused. The allegation got a strong base on Monday when the victim family found Anubha, who is absconder in police records, present in the court premises . Senior officers of Kolkata Police, however, denied the allegation.The victim married with Badal Das of Kalighat and soon after the wedding, the relation did not work. The victim was forced to move out of her in-law's house. On May 23, the victim was called by one of her in-law's at his Harish Chatterjee street residence. The victim complained that soon after entering in the room, in-laws, including her brother-in-law Meghnath, mother-in-law Anubha, husband and others badly beaten her up. With bleeding injuries on her face and private parts she went to Kalighat police station but cops allegedly did not accept her complaint and asked her to get a medical report.On next morning she went to the police station again with medical reports but the additional officer in charge of the police station allegedly did not pay attention on her complaint and even humiliated her. Shocked victim later managed to contact D P Singh, the deputy commissioner of south division and following Singh's intervention the case was lodged against Badal, Anubha and others.The additional OC and a sub inspector R N Guha were suspended for their misconduct and Badal was rounded up. But since then cops did not take any initiative to arrest other accused and did not even seized the pillow what the accused used to smother her. The role of police raised question and the victim's family has reasons to believe that police are trying to guard the accused. The allegation got a strong base on Monday when the victim family found Anubha present in the court premises who is absconder in police records. Senior officers of Kolkata Police however denied the allegation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12945447", "title": "Rain-ready city a priority: Kunte", "text": "New municipal commissioner Sitaram Kunte (51), the youngest person to hold the post, will be expected to deliver all that has been planned so far, which includes 24x7 water supply and the new property tax system.Kunte was not a frontrunner for the post and Monday afternoon's announcement came as a surprise to many at the planning department where he was principal secretary from June 13, 2011. With very little time to get acquainted with the civic body, Kunte said his top priority would be pre-monsoon preparations. \"With monsoon round the corner, priority would be given to prepare the city for it. Roads, malaria and nullah cleaning would be the major works at the moment,\" said Kunte.However, Kunte is not a new hand at the BMC. From 2000-05 , he served as joint municipal commissioner (improvements ) and additional municipal commissioner (projects), handling the BMC's finances along with major water supply and sewage projects. Kunte, who called himself \"a junior officer\" to outgoing civic chief Subodh Kumar, said he was happy to take over the reigns from Kumar. \"Kumar would be remembered in the history of the civic body as someone who took bold decisions in shaping the future of the city,\" said Kunte, who worked with Kumar in the BMC between 2000-01.Kunte is not a man in a hurry, likes doing things at his own pace and is known to be a quiet, hands-on worker. As Mhada vice-chairman and CEO from 2005-06, he unearthed scams by rent collectors who let out Mhada's transit tenements in league with real estate agents. He suspended 24 Mhada employees directly or indirectly involved in cases of cheating, forgery and misappropriation.Kunte was promoted as secretary to the governor before being transferred to the housing department in 2008-10 where he helped draft the amendment to the Maharashtra Ownership Flats Act to bring in a housing regulator and introduce the concept of deemed conveyance. Asked how he would utilise this experience in improving poor housing conditions, Kunte said, \"Various inquiries are on as far as housing is concerned. I will look into the matter.\"He was later posted as secretary, revenue and forests. As revenue secretary , Kunte pointed out two \"serious lacunae\" in Adarsh housing society - it had not taken permission from the MCZMA/MoEF and that the building exceeded the prescribed FSI for development in a CRZ area. Based on the report, the MCZMA had recommended that the building be demolished.The new chief's biggest challenge, sources said, would be to end corruption and the builder-politician nexus in the building proposals and development plan departments.While several infrastructure plans are in the pipeline, basic civic services are still lacking. Kunte would have to ensure that work on ongoing projects continues smoothly and citizens get speedy services and clearances at the ward level.Some projects crucial to Kunte's game plan are the implementation of 24x7 water supply, road improvements , concretizing and asphalting and strengthening water distribution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12944935", "title": "Hubli-Dharwad mayor promises better water supply", "text": "HUBLI: Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation Mayor Pandurang Patil said that efforts are being made to strengthen water supply in the twin cities. Plans are afoot to supply water once in three days and extend 24x7 water scheme to some more areas in Hubli and Dharwad.Delivering his mayoral speech, Pandurang Patil, who got elected as Hubli-Dharwad mayor recently, said: \"The 24x7 water supply scheme began in some wards of the twin cities on a pilot basis. In future, if the World Bank agrees to invest Rs 1,300 crore through KUIDFC in the state, the scheme will be extended and Hubli and Dharwad too will get their share.\"The mayor promised to provide bus shelters in the twin cities and also said markets will be renovated. He spoke about plans to increase resource collection through licence fees, market fees, advertisements and building permissions.Congress corporater Ganesh Tagargunti raised questions regarding slow pace of UGD work in the city and sought an explanation.Former opposition leader Deepak Chinchore said there is enough water in the Malaprabha and he urged the mayor to supply water once in two days at least. Cutting across party lines, all the members should put concerted efforts to bring Jnnurm to Hubli-Dharwad, he said.JD(S) corporater Rajanna Korvi said the corporation must reserve funds for the welfare of villages surrounding the cities of Hubli and Dharwad. Drinking water and other amenities should be provided to the twin cities, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12944350", "title": "Racial discrimination against north-east people a reality: Agatha Sangma", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union minister Agatha Sangma said racial discrimination against people from the north-east was a reality that required immediate attention and strict action.Amid the debate raised by the death of Dana Sangma of Amity University, which her uncle and Meghalaya CM Mukul Sangma called a case of racial treatment, Agatha told TOI, \"It would not be proper for me to comment on the incident which is under investigation. But having said that, in Delhi and other metropolis, people form N-E face discrimination which should be condemned and strict action should be taken when such cases surface.\"Agatha said though she did not face racial discrimination at institutional level like in university or politics, it could be felt on a day-to-day basis. \"If you are walking on the street or go to a market, you hear comments like 'chinki'. It is derogatory, but I always tell myself they are ill-informed people and I ignore them.\"The junior minister for rural development is daughter of former speaker P A Sangma and a political rival to Meghalaya CM.Agatha said, \"The fact is there is a problem - that people think those who look a bit Oriental cannot belong to India.\"While agreeing Delhi was a tough place for all outsiders, the struggle faced by the people of N-E was qualitatively different since it became a question of identity for them. \"South is very different from North, but no south Indian in Delhi would be made to feel he does not look Indian,\" she said.She couched her freewheeling comments by saying, while pre-conceived notions about N-E people were a truth, attributing every incident to race was not good for national integration. She said police alone could not be the solution to the problem and \"you have to change attitudes by educating people\".Agatha said N-E youngsters should be absorbed in various sectors, beyond hospitality, retail and BPO sector as seen today. \"Those in Delhi are struggling for survival but the way out is that people of N-E diversify into other sectors, get into influential positions...when I became minister, I looked like any other collegiate from N-E. What made me feel good was that nobody thought somebody who looked like me could be in such a position. So, it removed some pre-conceived notions,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12943755", "title": "Indian national trust for art and cultural heritage to take up conservation of sacred groves in state", "text": "JAIPUR: As a part of a 'passion project', the Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage (INTACH) plans to take the 'sacred groves' or the 'Orans' (community forests) of Rajasthan under its umbrella.According to the state forest department, Rajasthan has nearly 25,000 sacred groves and other sanctified ecosystems. They vary from 0.1 hectare to 500 hectares and are commonly known as 'Orans' which protect watersheds. These sacred groves are particularly significant for a state like Rajasthan which accounts for 10% of the total area of the country but has access to just 1% of its water resources.\"In the last one year, we have worked on an experimental basis to conserve community orans through our Sirohi chapter. The project has now come of age and we are going to take up preserving the sacred groves as a movement across the state. This would bode well for the state in terms of reducing global warming and aiding water conservation,\" said Maj. General (Retd) L K Gupta, chairman, INTACH.Dedicated to conservation and preservation of India's natural, cultural, living, tangible and intangible heritage, INTACH is currently working towards listing and documenting the sacred groves in India. Among the several benefits of the conservation project, an increase in ground-water levels and water retention, improvement in soil quality, increased vegetation cover and reappearance of locally-extinct species are vital.As 'Orans' are repositories of genetic diversity, often representing the only patches of primary jungle in otherwise denuded surroundings, there was a proposal to reclassify them en masse either as Biodiversity Heritage Sites (in accordance with Section 37 of the Biological Diversity Act 2002) or as Ecologically Sensitive Zones (under the Ecologically Sensitive Zone Directive 1992).\"Orans are not just troves of floral and faunal diversity, but are vital aspect of village livelihoods providing local population with water, and fuel. The inclusion of 'Orans' in either of the categories is not a viable option. The law prohibits interference by humans or livestock. For this reason, a new land revenue classification for 'Orans' is essential,\" suggested Aman Singh of Krishi Avam Paristhitiki Vikas Sansthan (KRAPAVIS).As a part of the project, INTACH will work towards educating people on the significance of the sacred groves and why they should be preserved. \"Besides, we will also develop expertise to get all the 'Orans' listed and documented in the state. We will get local communities to take up the conservation and preservation of these 'sacred groves' with most being around temples,\" said Gupta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12943711", "title": "Surrender of Nupur Talwar a push for murder trial", "text": "NEW DELHI: Irrespective of whether she gets bail later, Nupur Talwar's appearance before a special CBI court on Monday gives a definite impetus to the Aarushi-Hemraj murder trial.The case, stuck at the stage of summoning of the accused ever since the CBI court issued summons against Nupur in February, can now proceed to the next crucial point - arguments on charges followed by framing of charges, which signals beginning of a trial. Legal experts point out how Nupur's surrender is, therefore, an important landmark in the case and notwithstanding the fate of her bail pleas, trial can resume.The dentist, who is also the mother of the victim played hide and seek with the court for well over a year since it summoned her as an accused in the case on February 09, 2011. The special court had differed with the CBI's closure report and concluded that there was a prima facie case not just against Aarushi's father, Rajesh Talwar, but also his wife Nupur. It brushed aside CBI's claims of lack of proof against the couple in its status report and treated the evidence presented as sufficient to merit a further look.But the case got stalled due to Nupur's decision to first avail of all legal remedies, including attempts at getting the summons stayed and later the entire case quashed. Though the couple managed to get a temporary reprieve in the form of a stay on the trial from the Supreme Court, the latter's decision to lift the stay means CBI can now hope for the trial to start.Lawyers also say it's not just CBI and the intrigued public - this being a media-highlighted case - who stand to gain if the trial is taken to its logical conclusion, but the biggest beneficiaries might well be the couple in the dock. Ever since the Uttar Pradesh police first levelled serious charges against Rajesh, followed by CBI's closure report and the trial court's decision to reject it, various conspiracy theories have swirled around the murder.If there is one chance the Talwar couple has to prove their innocence, it's this, argues famous criminal lawyer Ramesh Gupta. \"Once the SC has asked you to answer summons and face the court as an accused, your best bet is to prove your innocence before it. No one gains by protracting court proceedings in such cases. While every accused has a right to avail legal options right up to the apex court, there shouldn't be any delay in trial if there is no stay. It only increases suffering for all,\" he said.With the special court having fixed May 3 as the day when the case goes for committal to a sessions judge, trial in the case seems set to begin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "victoria", "code": "12948924", "title": "President Patil wraps up Seychelles visit, leaves for S Africa", "text": "VICTORIA: President Pratibha Patil on Tuesday left for South Africa on the second leg of her nine-day tour after concluding her \"landmark\" visit to Seychelles which hailed India's support in tackling piracy and thanked New Delhi for extending a $75 million financial package for it.Seychelles president James Michel , who hosted a Cocktail Dinatoire in Patil's honour on Monday evening, said that whether it be in terms of defending the peace and security of \"our ocean against pirates, or in strengthening our ability to empower the economic potential of our respective peoples, Seychelles and India have shown we can act together decisively\".\"We thank India for her support in patrolling our waters, in assisting in air surveillance and not least, the positioning of an advanced radar system to ensure that our ocean becomes once again a space for development, and not a highway of anarchy,\" he said.Asserting that India and Seychelles stand firm in the face of the \"scourge\" of piracy, he said: \"We all know that this ocean is vast - and pirates have used this size as their weapon. But we know that our partnership and friendship are enduring and can provide the determination to overcome such challenges.\"Describing the visit of Patil, the second Presidential tour in 22 years as \"landmark\", he said in these times of uncertainty, India's robust performance in the global economy has been further underlined.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12944486", "title": "Couple hangs self after killing kids", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A couple committed suicide after killing their two children at their residence in Odhav. The police, which were informed about the incident on Monday, suspect that the couple might have taken the extreme step on Saturday.A stench emanating from the couple's house on the second floor drew the attention of other residents of Suketu Residency on Monday evening. The stench was from A/203. According to neighbours, they had last seen the couple on Saturday. Suspecting that something was wrong, the residents called the city police control room.Soon a team of Odhav police reached the spot and broke open the door. \"We found four dead bodies in the house. The flat belongs to Mahendra Patel, 35, an LIC agent. He and his wife Diva, 31, and two children - five-year-old son and 10-year-old daughter - were found dead in the house. The children's bodies were lying on the beds while the bodies of the couple were hanging. So far, we have not found any suicide note from the spot,\" said VD Brahmbhatt, inspector of Odhav police station.Police officials suspect that the children may have been poisoned by the couple before they committed suicide. The body of the boy was found from the drawing room, bodies of mother and daughter were found in one bedroom while the body of Patel was found in another bedroom.\"We immediately called forensic science experts before touching anything in the house. What we gather from the nearby residents does not indicate towards financial instability as Patel was earning well and his relatives were settled abroad. More can be known only after talking to his relatives. The neighbours reported seeing the family members last on Saturday morning. We suspect that the suicides might have taken place the same day,\" said CN Rajput, assistant commissioner of police, I Division.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "12943219", "title": "Long power cuts return to haunt Greater Noida", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Residents of Greater Noida had to bear yet another sweltering summer day without electricity in their homes on Monday as power supply remained disconnected for over eight hours to several housing sectors. Noida Power Company Limited (NPCL), the power distribution utility of Greater Noida, had disconnected power supply for installing a new Current Transformer-Potential Transformer (CTPT) at the 132-KV RC Greens substation.The power utility has claimed that with completion of this work its transmission capacity would be enhanced by 10 MW leading to lesser power outages.Power supply was disconnected from residential sectors, including Alpha , Beta, Gamma, Delta, Builders' Area, Pockets III &amp; IV and Swarnnagari from 10am. Power supply also remained disrupted to industrial areas in Kasna area.\"Since it was a working day, many residents were out for work and were spared from bearing the sweltering heat throughout the day,\" said KP Singh Tomar of Federation of RWAs of Greater Noida. \"But for women and children who stayed back it was boiling hot in their homes,\" added Tomar.Irregular power supply in Greater Noida has begun to give rise to water woes as well. \"Because of non-availability of electricity, no water could be pumped to the overhead tank in my house,\" said Rita Bhargava, a teacher who lives in the Gamma-I Sector. \"Not only did I have to skip work, the children also had to remain absent from school,\" she added.The NPCL informed that power supply had been kept on hold as a CTPT was being replaced at the 132-KV RC Greens substation in Greater Noida. \"It is due to transmission constraints that we are not able to provide continuous power supply to Greater Noida, even though we have enough power at our disposal which we purchase from different sources,\" said Samarjeet Mohanty, deputy manager of NPCL. \"In the past two months, the old CTPT has burnt down three times. Due to this, power cuts ranging between 12 and 14 hours have been faced by residents,\" added Mohanty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12945044", "title": "Arvind sells mill land to B Safal for 90 crore", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Textile major Arvind Ltd has sold a 33,000 sq yard plot to realty group B Safal for Rs 90 crore. B Safal plans to develop a commercial park on the land that was once part of Rohit Mills, which Arvind acquired in 1996 and renamed it as Ashoka Cotsyn. Arvind and B Safal entered into a joint venture to develop around one million sq feet of residential space on one-third area of the 99,000 square yard mill land.Months later, B Safal acquired second parcel of 33,000 sq yard in the same campus from Arvind for Rs 40 crore to float residential and commercial units.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12944846", "title": "Nitish reviews law and order", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar on Monday reviewed the law and order situation with the director general of police and the chief secretary.Sources said the the CM expressed concern over the terror caused by a 'blademan' in Patna City areas and the police failure to nab the culprit. As man as 26 persons, mostly young girls and women, have been targeted by him till date.He is also learnt to have discussed the Maoist threat to six IPS officers, all of SP rank, and the follow-up action that could be taken to frustrate Maoist designs. Apart from DGP Abhayanand and chief secretary Navin Kumar, ADG (special branch) Rajesh Chandra was present at the meeting convened by the CM at his residence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-01"}
