{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "17123130", "title": "Two goons held for shooting at teen", "text": "SAMBALPUR: Police on Tuesday arrested two criminals for firing at the teenage son of a makeshift hotel owner near Lapanga railway station, 30 km from Sambalpur.Police said the firing had taken place on Tuesday morning when the accused went to a hotel owned by one Khitiranjan Meher. The hotel owner's 17-year-old son, Guru, was manning the counter at that time. One of the criminals ordered Guru to vacate the seat for him, but the boy refused to do so. Enraged, one of the goons whipped out a mouser and fired at the boy.\"The boy received a bullet injury on his right thigh. He was rushed to VSS Medical College and Hospital at Burla. He is now out of danger,\" said SP (Sambalpur) Nikhil Kanodia.The SP added that the accused even tried to attack a police officer who caught them at Sindurpank Chowk in Sambalpur's Sadar police station area. Police have seized the mouser and 17 bullets from their possession.Kanodia identified the accused as Rajesh Sahu of Sambalpur and Sonu Sahu alias Babua of Jharsuguda. \"It is a major breakthrough for us as both of them were wanted by police for a long time. They are involved in several crimes in various police station areas in Sambalpur and Jharsuguda districts,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17122169", "title": "Two mobike riders die in accidents in one night", "text": "CHENNAI: Two persons were killed in road accidents in the city on Monday night.Police said 25-year-old Karthik was riding a motorcycle when it collided with an MTC bus in Nerkundrum. His friend Sathish, who was riding pillion, was injured. Karthik, of Perumal Koil Street, Nerkundram, lost control of the motorcycle and hit a stationary MTC bus.\"Passers-by saw Karthik and Sathish falling from the vehicle and called the 108 ambulance service,\" a police officer said. \"They took them to a nearby hospital where Karthik died of head injuries. Sathish suffered fractures and is being treatment.In an accident in Arumbakkam, a 42-year-old man was fatally knocked down by a private bus on Tuesday night. Police said Raj Kumar, 42, an MBA graduate, worked for a private firm in Valasaravakkam.\"He was returning to Koyambedu on a motorbike after visiting a friend in Aminjakarai when the accident took place,\" a police officer said. When he reached Arumbakkam, a private bus rear-ended his motorcycle behind. \"The bus was going to Koyambedu from Poonamallee when the driver of the vehicle tried to overtake the motorbike and knocked down the rider,\" the officer said. Raj Kumar was crushed under the wheels of the bus. Anna Nagar traffic investigation police arrested the bus driver, Sridhar, 27, a native of Hyderabad. They charged him under IPC Section 304 (A) (causing death due to negligence).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17122522", "title": "Software professional leaps to death from 6th floor", "text": "CHENNAI: A 26-year-old software professional jumped to her death from the sixth floor of her office building in Madras Export Processing Zone (MEPZ), Tambaram, on Monday night.Police arrested her husband, Ramkumar, a licensed pilot for abetting his wife's suicide after a dowry harassment complaint was filed by the woman's mother on Tuesday.Police said Nalini R, who worked for Cognizant Technology Solutions , had several health problems. She joined the IT major a little over a year ago and lived in Ullagaram.Nalini's colleagues told police that she had not attended work for the past three days, an investigating officer said. Nalini and her husband, Ramkumar, who teaches flying at a private aviation academy in the city, showed up at her office at 9pm on Monday.\"Her husband stood outside while Nalini went in to meet the head of her department because she wanted a few more days of leave to go to Tiruvarur, her native place, to celebrate Diwali ,\" the officer said.\"We are not sure if she was upset that her boss had denied her leave or if it had to do with her marital problems,\" the officer said. Witnesses said Nalini took the elevator to the six floor from where she leaped to her death. The incident shocked her colleagues, who said she was a quiet person.\"She was a reserved person so I really don't know what was wrong,\" said M Sujatha, a colleague. Nalini's colleagues said a security guard informed company officials after finding her body covered in blood. Officials informed Ramkumar and rushed Nalini to a hospital but she was declared dead on arrival. \"Ramkumar said Nalini was depressed for various reasons,\" the investigating officer said. \"We arrested him on Tuesday on charges of dowry harassment.\"Tambaram police said Nalini's mother, Rupavathy, lodged a complaint alleging that Ramkumar had harassed her daughter for dowry and the couple had marital problems. Investigators are also looking into the possibility that Nalini had problems at the workplace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17123179", "title": "Schedule turns Jan Shatabdi a stinker", "text": "KOCHI: It came as a blessing for many travelling between Kozhikode and Thiruvananthapuram but the Jan Shatabdi that takes the Kottayam route has fallen in popularity these days as it runs short of water by the time it reaches midway in its return trip. Authorities blame its schedule for the situation.The train starts its return trip from Thiruvananthapuram at 2.20 pm. \"This is a regular issue. Though the passengers often complain about it, officials turn a blind eye,\" says M G Sivakumar, area manager of an inter-state bakery chain and a frequent traveller in Jan Shatabdi. \"On Friday, I boarded it from Kochi. On reaching Angamali, I wanted to use the loo but the toilets had no water. Officials claim they didn't have time to fill water in Thiruvananthapuram... And, this is not the case with AC coaches alone.\"Railway officials said the train starts its journey from Kozhikode at 6.15 am on all days except Wednesday and Sunday.\"Each coach of the train will have 1,600 litres of water and it's enough for a trip. We fill water to the full capacity. It is up to those in Thiruvananthapuram to fill water before the train starts its return journey,'' says the senior divisional mechanical engineer in Kozhikode.The officials in Thiruvananthapuram, however, have their own reasons. \"The train arrives around 2.05 pm or 2.10 pm and it will begin its return trip by 2.20 pm. It will take at least 20-30 minutes to fill water and we don't have the time,'' says S Venugopal, senior divisional mechanical engineer, Thiruvananthapuram.They also cite other reasons for the water shortage. \"Passengers use water excessively for purposes like bathing and this also leads to the shortage,'' says V Rajeevan, additional divisional railway manager, Thiruvananthapuram.\"As per the train's schedule, we can't spare time for this at any other station... However, we will look into the issue.\"The passengers are also forced to suffer the stink of food waste in AC compartments. \"The employees don't even clear the food waste of those in the previous journey. They attribute that too to the busy schedule of the train,'' says Dr John Joseph, customs commissioner, Delhi. \"They should then change its schedule rather than leaving the commuters to suffer,\" he adds.The Jan Shatabdi that takes the Alappuzha route, however, does get around 45 minutes in between the trips. The train starts from Thiruvananthapuram at 6 am and reaches Kozhikode around 12.55 pm, with the return trip starting at 1.40 pm.Kochi: It came as a blessing for many travelling between Kozhikode and Thiruvananthapuram but the Jan Shatabdi that takes the Kottayam route has fallen in popularity these days as it runs short of water by the time it reaches midway in its return trip. Authorities blame its schedule for the situation.The train starts its return trip from Thiruvananthapuram at 2.20 pm. \"This is a regular issue. Though the passengers often complain about it, officials turn a blind eye,\" says M G Sivakumar, area manager of an inter-state bakery chain and a frequent traveller in Jan Shatabdi. \"On Friday, I boarded it from Kochi. On reaching Angamali, I wanted to use the loo but the toilets had no water. Officials claim they didn't have time to fill water in Thiruvananthapuram... And, this is not the case with AC coaches alone.\"Railway officials said the train starts its journey from Kozhikode at 6.15 am on all days except Wednesday and Sunday. \"Each coach of the train will have 1,600 litres of water and it's enough for a trip. We fill water to the full capacity. It is up to those in Thiruvananthapuram to fill water before the train starts its return journey,'' says the senior divisional mechanical engineer in Kozhikode.The officials in Thiruvananthapuram, however, have their own reasons. \"The train arrives around 2.05 pm or 2.10 pm and it will begin its return trip by 2.20 pm. It will take at least 20-30 minutes to fill water and we don't have the time,'' says S Venugopal, senior divisional mechanical engineer, Thiruvananthapuram.They also cite other reasons for the water shortage. \"Passengers use water excessively for purposes like bathing and this also leads to the shortage,'' says V Rajeevan, additional divisional railway manager, Thiruvananthapuram. \"As per the train's schedule, we can't spare time for this at any other station... However, we will look into the issue.\"The passengers are also forced to suffer the stink of food waste in AC compartments. \"The employees don't even clear the food waste of those in the previous journey. They attribute that too to the busy schedule of the train,'' says Dr John Joseph, customs commissioner, Delhi. \"They should then change its schedule rather than leaving the commuters to suffer,\" he adds.The Jan Shatabdi that takes the Alappuzha route, however, does get around 45 minutes in between the trips. The train starts from Thiruvananthapuram at 6 am and reaches Kozhikode around 12.55 pm, with the return trip starting at 1.40 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17124493", "title": "Man sustains burn injuries in police station", "text": "KANPUR: A middle-aged man sustained burn injuries under mysterious circumstances at Armapur police station on Tuesday.The victim identified as Rafique Ali, a resident Armapur Estate is reported to have suffered severe burn injuries and admitted to Ursula Horsman Hospital.The incident sparked protest by the kin, friends and relatives of the man at the Armapur police station, when the victim informed them that cops have attacked him with a chemical. They demanded action policemen.An employee of Rafique, identified as Nanhe, who was sitting on the grocery shop belonging to him, alleged that a couple of policemen have come and inquired about his employer in the afternoon on Tuesday. On not finding him, they forcibly took away Rs 2,000 from the cash box. Later, they also picked up Rafique's son on the pretext of questioning in connection with an old case. When his son did not return home, Rafique and other family members began a search. However, they were informed by the locals that the police had taken him for questioning with regard to the case.Later, Rafique reached police station and on seeing his son in police custody, he entered into a scuffle with the cops and sustained burns under mysterious circumstances.The cops alleged that Rafique had attempted suicide by pouring chemical on his body. The relatives of Rafique, who rushed him to the hospital, alleged that there were injuries on his body and that he sustained burns due to police harassment.DIG Amitabh Yash said that the matter will be thoroughly investigated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17121477", "title": "Old City remains tense ahead of Diwali", "text": "HYDERABAD: With Diwali and the Babri Masjid demolition anniversary coming up close on the heels of sporadic communal violence, the Old City has been brought under close watch by the police.According to an order issued by city police commissioner Anurag Sharma on November 5, Section 144 has been imposed in five police station limits in the South Zone to contain the communal tension which has been palpable in the Old City. Police officers admitted that situation in South Zone was 'grim'.Assembly of five or more persons has been prohibited in Charminar, Hussaini Alam, Mirchowk, Shah Ali Banda and Mughalpura police station limits even as the communal violence-hit Sabzi Mandi area limped back to normalcy. The section would be in force from 6 am on Tuesday to 6 am tomorrow. The beefing up of security comes only a week before Diwali which will be celebrated on November 13. Further, to prevent anti-social activity, the increased vigil will continue till at least December 6 which marks the Babri Masjid demolition anniversary. A police official requesting anonymity said, \"The blanket of heavy security will not be moved till things are fully under control. Police patrolling will increase. However, barricading all five police station limits is not on the agenda as the area is large and densely populated.\"According to sources, additional forces for the South Zone have been requisitioned with emphasis placed on the need for riot police. At the moment, the South Zone police have two companies of Rapid Action Force (RAF) and 30 platoons of armed police including the Andhra Pradesh Special Police (APSP). An additional 20 platoons of riot police are being sought. Currently, the South Zone police have posted 33 posts on rotation basis across the area which will keep a check on vehicular movement. This, according to police officials, would keep vehicles from unnecessary plying the roads thereby controlling activities of anti-social elements. However, with the wedding season in the Muslim community in full swing, residents have been complaining of incessant checking by the police at night.While police maintained that the deadline for closing business establishments was moved from 10 pm to 9 pm in the interest of security, shopkeepers rued that police have been forcing them to shut shop latest by 8.15 pm. Police sirens began wailing on Monday evening even as constables and sub-inspectors ordered shop owners to wind up for the day.Perfumer Shailender Kumar from Pathergatti said, \"Police came tonight and asked us to close down at 8 pm. This is bringing about fear psychosis among residents and businessmen. It is very unfortunate.\" Mohammed Sulaiman (name changed), a confectioner from Charminar, said, \"We are being asked to roll down shutters by 8 pm. Business has been hit by 20% due to the unrest and the early deadline.\" Cafe owner Karim Khan (named changed) and fruit vendor Ilyas Khan said that the Charminar market wears a desolate look by 8.30 pm. \"Till October 30, we were allowed to conduct business till 10.30 at night. The footfall has gone down considerably because of the tension,\" said Khan.Akun Sabharwal, DCP (South Zone) said, \"We have been closely monitoring the area and will see to it that the public is not inconvenienced in any fashion. All efforts are being made to keep the peace of the Old City intact.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17123758", "title": "Early medical help is key to survival", "text": "COIMBATORE: The resurgence of H1N1 virus in the city after a brief lull has emerged as a major worry for health officials. Residents with sustained symptoms of fever, throat ache and respiratory disorders for more than 48 hours have been advised to seek proper medical care immediately as any delay could lead to dire consequences.\"Since it is the festive season, there will be an increase in the movement of people in the city especially at public places and shopping hubs. The chances of infection spreading to others are higher. Therefore, we advice people to take proper medical care and avoid going to public places if they are suffering from any contagious disease,\" said Dr R Damodharan, deputy director, public health services, Coimbatore.Medical practitioners opine that most people infected with H1N1 virus are likely to prolong proper medical care since the initial onset of the disease resembles normal fever and throat ache. If left untreated for a few days, the condition deteriorates and the patient faces risk to life. All three fatal H1N1 cases in the city had the patients being treated at a later stage, when they had bleak chances of survival.\"People with a history of renal, pulmonary and cardiac complications especially senior citizens should take extra precaution. Pregnant women and children are also classified under sensitive category as far as H1N1 infection is concerned,\" said Dr P Sivaprakasam, resident medical officer, Coimbatore Medical College Hospital.City-based pulmonoligists are of the opinion that people with fever symptoms should always use a handkerchief while coughing and sneezing in public places and also try to take proper hygienic precautions.\"The symptoms of H1N1 are often mistaken as those of normal fever and sore throat in the initial phase. Simple hygienic precautions should be followed like using handkerchief while coughing and sneezing, especially in public places,\" said Dr Jayamohan Unnithan, a leading city based pulmonologist.As of now there are 66 positive H1N1 cases recorded in Coimbatore district since January 2012 out of which 46 cases were from old Coimbatore municipal corporation limits. Thudiyalur, a recently added town panchayat has recorded nine positive cases so far. The H1N1 death toll of patients hailing from Coimbatore district is three while all others have recovered from the infection.Meanwhile, health officials are also collecting the medical history of the three people who died due to H1N1 recently., both Latha Senthilnathan and Sreenivasan who died of H1N1 here were diabetic patients while Rajagopal, 77 year old man from Uppilipalayam was suffering from chronic pulmonary disorders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17124310", "title": "Serving stale 'dal' costs Indian Railways dear", "text": "VADODARA: Serving a small portion of stale 'dal' to a passenger has caused the Indian Railways (IR) dear. Based on a complaint filed by a passenger of Shatabdi Express, the Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC) has been directed to pay Rs 2.03 lakh as compensation by the Vadodara District Consumer Dispute Redressal Forum.N K Ojha had boarded the Shatabdi Express from Vadodara to reach Ahmedabad on May 13, 2010. After he ordered a meal of Jain food on board, he noticed that the meal that he was served had a portion of stale 'dal'.Ojha, university engineer at MSU, immediately filed a complaint regarding the spoiled meal to IRCTC. In its reply, IR's subsidiary accepted that it was mistake and assured that it would take appropriate action against the defaulting agency that handled pantry car of the train.But when Ojha requested that IRCTC should refund the food amount from the ticket amount that he had spent, IRCTC refused. He moved the consumer forum with a claim of Rs 90,000 as compensation from IRCTC for causing mental harassment and agony by registered a complaint against the deputy general manager of IRCTC, New Delhi.The district consumer forum of M T Unadkat and Neelam Bhavsar recently ordered that IRCTC should award Rs 1,000 as compensation to the complainant against the value of food and towards physical and mental harassment. Further, it has directed IRCTC to award Rs 2,000 as compensation towards the cost of litigation that the passenger had to incur in the process.Observing that other passengers who were traveling through the same train would have also suffered harassment, the consumer forum has further directed IRCTC to deposit Rs 2 lakh as compensation in the Consumer Welfare Fund.\"The forum has observed that although other passengers of Shatabdi Express, who were travelling with me did not complain and are not identifiable conveniently, they too have faced harassment and hence directed that IRCTC should deposit the compensation in the welfare fund,\" Ojha said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17124123", "title": "Damians shine at interschool debate", "text": "PATNA: Girls outshone boys at an interschool Hindi debate contest on Tuesday with nine of the ten awards being won by the fair sex. Notre Dame Academy (NDA) emerged as the overall champion among the 13 participating schools at the contest organized by the Parents-Teachers' Association of NDA.NDA's Aisha grabbed the first prize in the senior category (Class IX-X) followed by St Joseph's Convent (SJC)'s Hastina Pratap and NDA's Deeksha Saraswat. While International School ( CBSE)'s Ranjita Kumari bagged the top prize in the junior category (Class VI-VIII), NDA's Aishani Shrivastava and International School (ICSE)'s Zain Zafar got second and third prizes respectively.SJC's Ishita Pallavi and Rose Bud School's Simran Sinha were recognized as the most promising speakers in the senior category while NDA's Snehil and SJC's Tanya Tripti were declared the most promising orators in the junior category.The topic for the junior lot, 'Haar mein hi jeevan ki sachchi seekh hai', was given to them beforehand, but the seniors had an extempore session on 'Kya school project banaane ke liye internet par pratibandh lagaana chahiye?'Famous Hindi poets were also remembered during the heated debate as the students quoted their couplets. Faraz's \"Apni rudhivadi soch se bahar nikal kar sochte hai, Faraz zamana badal gaya, ab soch badal kar sochte hai\" delighted the audience the most. Speaking against the motion, a senior student asked if a person became lazy by using the internet, did s/he do exercise while reading books.The participating schools also included Delhi Public School, Loyola High School, St Xavier's High School, St Paul's High School, St Michael's High School, Don Bosco Academy and Litera Valley School.The judges for the contest were National HRD Network-Patna's vice-president Ratnakar Mishra, Prof Asha Singh of Magadh Mahila College and Bihar School Examination Board's former chairman Prof O P Jaiswal. The prizes were distributed by NDA (senior section) principal Sister Mary Tessy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17123225", "title": "Tuned in to music, deaf ear to deathly perils", "text": "ALLAHABAD: It is common to find on the streets a number of youngsters on a sleek motorbike or fancy looking scooter driving it with earphones plugged into their ears for either hands-free use of their cell phone or mostly to enjoy music. The habit is dangerous in that harms the ear drums as also puts them to the risk of an accident because they cannot hear the vehicles coming from behind.\"We as parents and teachers are surprised how careless these young people can be, especially when they know it could cost them their life. Crossing roads listening to music is dangerous not only for them, but also for others commuting on the road. There have been so many incidents in which youths were killed while crossing a busy road or railway tracks and couldn't hear a vehicle or train because their ears were plugged, but the Gen X members fail to learn a lesson,\" said Prof Narayan Srinivasan, director Centre for Behavioral and Cognitive Sciences, Allahabad University. In one such incident a boy, who was crossing the road listening to music didn't hear the horn of an approaching car. The car driver, while trying to save that guy, lost control and ran into a motorbike. These people are not only endangering their lives, but of others too, he added.This growing trend of using earplugs among the younger generation is a cause of worry for the doctors. Cheap iPods and mobile phones, with FM and MP3 players , are not helping as in most cases the earphone which comes with a gadget is of poor quality and could harm the hearing capacity of the user.\"With rapidly increasing popularity of earphones, be it with iPod or mobile phone, one can expect a generation of senior citizens who are partly deaf, four decades down, because everyone is hooked to the habit. Listening to music through earphones does not harm provided it is heard on a low volume and that too for a shorter duration, about half an hour at a stretch. But if the listener raises the volume, as happens in most cases and for a longer duration regularly it is sure to cause temporary or total deafness\", says Dr Mangal Singh, Prof in the department of ENT, MLN Medical College. While using earphone, one should keep the volume below 80 decibels as listening to music or any volume above this parameter for a sustained period can lead to permanent hearing damage, suggested the eminent ENT specialist of the city.The ear experts said further that the patient usually lands up in a state called 'temporary hearing threshold shift', which gets cured within a week's time. But if the same occurs repeatedly it could cause permanent damage, said Singh. \"Normally, when you hear sounds such as music, of talking, songs of the birds, etc they reach your tympanic drums after passing through the atmosphere and the air works as a shock absorber to diminish the intensity of the impact on the eardrum which does not happen in case of using a earphone,\" added Singh.Not only doctors and parents, even traffic police are concerned over the increasing craze among youths of listening to music while driving. Accidents could occur when the driver's attention and hearing is diverted to the music instead of horns, says I P Singh, traffic inspector (TI), Allahabad. Those found driving while talking or listening to the music are penalised with Rs 100 but sadly it fails to deter the youngsters, he added. Irrespective of what doctors or cops have to say, the sale of handsets with FM radio and memory cards has shot up in the last three months. The decline in the rates of mobile phones (a branded mobile with earphone comes at Rs 1,000) is helping use of headphone rise. These mobile sets are being designed keeping in mind the taste of youngsters, informs sales manager (UP East) of a reputed company which has recorded 35 per cent growth in the last three months.Meanwhile, say what doctors or cops may, youths have a different opinion altogether. \"Most of my friends have access to music via their mobile sets so why should I miss it,\" says Shweta a BA-III student of AU. \"It gives me advantage as using earphones provides privacy and they are our companion in moments of boredom,\" she adds. Likewise, spotting students with ears plugged roaming on the campus is easy.But the habit worries the teachers too. \"It is a disturbing traits as music could be pleasant in moments of stress but affects efficiency,\" said Dr Bhumika R Kar, faculty member of CBCS, AU. \"If a child is good in negotiating with divided attention, he or she may be least affected, but in the long run auditory attention gets adversely affected. It is processing two different things and attending to what he or she is doing and what the ears are listening, are two different things,\" she adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17121987", "title": "Jamiat urges Islamic nations to help Rohingyas' cause", "text": "NEW DELHI: Jamiat Ulama-i- Hind (JuH), the largest body of Muslim clerics, urged Islamic countries, including Saudi Arabia , to mount pressure on Myanmar for \"cessation of attack\" on Rohingya Muslims.In a letter to the Islamic countries sent through their embassies in India, the JuH also sought an international probe into the violence in Myanmar in which thousands of Rohingyas were displaced.JuH general secretary Maulana Mahmood Madani said, \"The UN, in its report, counts the Rohingyas among the most persecuted stateless minorities in the world.\"Madani hit out at India for its \"unreasonable silence over the violence\". \"Such attitude will diminish India's prestige and image in South Asia and in the international community,\" he said.He also criticized Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi for \"not raising her voice for the victims\". \"This is not expected of a Nobel Peace prize winner,\" said Madani.Quoting a UN report, he said more than 22,000 people, mainly from the Muslim community, were displaced in western Myanmar this month. After clashes in June, 75,000 people had been displaced.\"It is a slow genocide aimed at ethnic cleansing or driving the Rohingyas into Bangladesh ,\" said Madani.The JuH demanded restoration of citizenship rights, denied to the Rohingyas under the Citizenship law of 1982.Times ViewThe Jamiat Ulama-i-Hind is doing a disservice to the Rohingyas by targeting its appeal exclusively at Muslim countries. Its demands for free access to the area for international media and aid groups makes sense, but by restricting the appeal to Islamic nations it seems to be missing the larger point. The issue wherever an entire community apparently faces persecution should be seen as one of human rights. Hence, all those who are concerned about human rights should be addressed and not just those who happen to share religious or ethnic links with the community facing violence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17124039", "title": "IIM-A summer placement process starts from today", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The premier B-school is all geared up for summer placements for its 2012-14 PGP batch. The cohort-based placement process will begin at Indian Institute Of Management, Ahmedabad (IIM-A) on Wednesday.Despite the fears of an uncertain economic environment, students are expecting a rise in stipends by 15 to 20 per cent this year. The expectations for IIM-A students come following continued interests of leading companies, who made attractive offers during final placements in March this year.The placement this year, like last year, will take place in four clusters beginning November 17. The second cluster start on November 9, third on November 16 and the process will conclude on November 17. Members of the student placement committee opined that given the economic scenario, consulting, ecommerce and technology companies will have more to offer than the banks and other financial firms.In the summer placements last year, out of 379 students, who took part in the summer placement process, only 42 students got overseas opportunities. In 2011, student's top preference continued to be banking, financial services and insurance ( BFSI) sector, with 112 students accepting offers in this area. The other sectors that attracted students in high numbers included consulting which had 81 students accepting offers, FMCG with 45 students and IT with 31 accepted offers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17123640", "title": "Jaipur cops arrest imposter from Arera Colony", "text": "BHOPAL: The police on Monday have registered a case of fraud against a person who was residing in Arera colony here posing as an IAS officer posted with the prime minister's office (PMO).The case has been registered on the complaint by Jaipur police that had arrested the accused, Rambabu Gujar 26 a few days back in connection with Rs 5 lakh fraud he committed with a Jaipur-based lawyer, Jai Ram promising him a government job.The circle inspector of Jyoti Nagar police station, Jaipur (south), Mohar Singh Poonia who arrested Gujar from his house E-3/226 here told TOI, he recovered forged ID cards, entry pass of the parliament and other documents from Gujar.The accused used to introduce himself as a programme officer posted with the PMO and duped people collecting money from them after assuring them lucrative jobs with the centre and state governments, Poonia added.The police have also recovered an SUV from his possession which had registration number of Rajasthan . He used to move in the SUV with flashing beacon light. Poonia said he got the clue about the accused through his mobile tower location. Subsequently, a team of Jaipur police came to Bhopal and arrested him.A case of forgery against Gujar has been registered in the Habibganj police station here on the complaint of circle inspector, Poonia. \"I have become the complainant in the case since I have recovered the forged documents from his rented accommodation of Gujar in Arera Colony\", Poonia said.Meanwhile, the local police officials are also looking to take the remand of accused. \"Once the Rajasthan police completes its investigation, we would get him here on police remand to carry out our investigation\", said city superintendent of police Rajesh Bhadoria.The accused had dropped out of school after class XII and is from a middle class family. Gujar has also reportedly confessed that he duped seven sarpanchs in Bhopal of Rs 2 lakh each on the pretext of getting a contract approved for making road from the Prime Minister's Office. Sources revealed that he has even cheated RAS and IAS officials of Jaipur on the pretext of getting them transferres to the places of their choice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17123940", "title": "Jewellery shops outshine banks in gold coin sale", "text": "INDORE: Local jewellery shops are eating into profits of banks ahead of the Diwali festival. Though the market is witnessing a gold rush, banks are finding less takers for gold coins even as demand is up 20-30% compared to the previous year.High price is playing a repelling factor for banks. Gold price in the city is hovering around 31,000 per 10 gram. It was 31,250 on Tuesday. However, perhaps bullish of a steep rise in price, the banks are selling gold coins for not less than Rs 36,000 per 10 gram. No wonder, jewellery shops that are retailing the coins at the existing markets rates, are attracting more customers.To make the most of the situation, jewellers are promising the customers more. They are also promising better resale value for gold coins they retail. Sumit Anand, joint director, Punjabi Saraf, said, \"We never force our customers to buy our products. The rush for gold coins as well as jewellery is yet increasing by the day. On a year-on-year basis, there is a growth of 20-30% at our outlet this festival season.\"The jewellers say that buying gold coins from banks at higher rates than those prevailing in the market was no good deal. Mohnish Balecha, a jeweller having a shop at Chhota Sarafa, said, \"It is always advisable to buy gold coins from jewellers to save.\"Director of Punjab Jewellers, Darpan Anand, said, \"Sale of gold jewellery and coins is extraordinary at my outlet this year. There is a good enthusiasm among customers this year.\"Bankers refute. They say, deals they are offering are better. Requesting anonymity, a banker said that gold coins being retailed at bank counters are 24 carat and are certified internationally as well.Select branches of post offices in the city are also offering gold coins. Department of Posts that launched a national scheme on Tuesday on the occasion of Pushya Nakshtra, will continue it till Diwali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17122965", "title": "Dengue claims another life", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the dengue infection rate continuing steady despite a drop in temperatures, doctors and scientists are investigating the role of a new mosquito species in this year's outbreak.On Tuesday, 38 more dengue cases were confirmed, taking the total for the season in Delhi to 1,249. The death toll also rose to three as an 11-year-old girl died of dengue infection in Nangloi, west Delhi.Officials said the new species, Aedes Albopictus, that has been spotted in the capital this time may be resistant to traditional forms of control, such as fumigation and sprays. \"It may or may not be behind the increased incidence of dengue this year. We are still studying it, and devising a control mechanism,\" said a senior health officer. He said these white and black mosquitoes breed in the open mostly.Dr Atul Gogia, senior consultant, internal medicine at Sir Ganga Ram Hospital, said mutation of dengue-causing mosquitoes or resistance to the existing control mechanisms is possible. \"The effectiveness of mosquito repellents we use at home is one example,\" he said. Most city hospitals claim they get 10-15 suspected cases of dengue daily. \"The official figures provided by the civic bodies are lower because they do not accept results of the common rapid kit test,\" said an expert.This year's outbreak has also sparked a political fight between the BJP-led municipal corporations and the Congress-led state government. BJP claims the government has not released funds for preventive measures in unauthorized colonies.South Corporation officials say the amount given by the government for control measures, Rs 13.85 crore, is inadequate. They claim to have already spent Rs 12.5 crore. \"There are 1,639 unauthorised colonies in the city. We carry out fogging and spray anti-larvals in unauthorized colonies from our limited resources. We had asked the government to give the corporations more money for hiring staff and intensifying preventive measures in colonies,'' said Rajesh Gehlot, chairman of the standing committee, South Corporation. The committee also discussed the issue on Tuesday.BJP councillors say the government is yet to release Rs 7.5 crore that was spent on preventive measures by the erstwhile MCD. Officials point out that despite the increase in population, the number of domestic breeding checkers (DBCs) has remained at 3,500. After trifurcation, South Corporation has got just 1,350 DBCs. \"There are not enough DBCs to carry out routine checks and spray anti-larvals. More need to be hired,'' said an official, adding they don't have money to hire more.\"Since trifurcation, the corporations have faced a serious financial crisis. We are doing our best with the limited resources,'' said Gehlot.The Congress, which sits in the opposition in South Corporation, however argues there's still Rs 1.35 crore left. In 2008-09, funds amounting to Rs 10 crore lapsed. If they had written to the government regarding more funds, why can't they show us the letter? Instead of politicizing the issue, BJP should focus on ways to prevent dengue,'' said Farhad Suri, leader of the opposition in South Corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17124433", "title": "Banaras Hindu University to collaborate with French agricultural institutes", "text": "VARANASI: Banaras Hindu University (BHU) may soon have educational collaboration with France regarding initiation of international courses, dual degree programmes in agriculture, internship opportunities and mobility of students of the two nations.Jean Christophe Ygrie, BRECI, Indian network coordinator, France's agricultural education and head of a delegation of academicians and members from ministry of agriculture, food, fisheries, rural affairs and special planning, republic of France, said there is ample scope for exchange programmes between the two nations.The delegation is on visit to Institute of Agricultural Sciences (IAS), BHU. \"We already have had conducted such programmes in GB Pant University, Uttarakhand. In last 7 to 8 years, around 70 students of France have visited India for one or other educational programme in agriculture education. Very recently, two students of an agricultural institute of France were trained under DC Rai at department of animal husbandry, BHU,\" he said.He said that in France, not many people depend on agriculture like India. \"We produce around 10,000 varieties of cheese, cream, butter, milk and other products. Wheat is major crop. Apple, apricot, sunflower are also grown and we lay more emphasis on water management. India produces good amount of rice and mangoes and varieties of crops, fruits, vegetables depending upon the season and the climate of the place. The climatic conditions and farming methods of both the countries are different. Both the nations have good agricultural knowledge related to farming, farming methods, reducing the use of pesticides, organic farming to give to each other once the collaborations are made,\" he added further.DC Rai of animal husbandry and dairy department said that some planning under dairy farming, crop farming, agro business have been chalked out in the meetings. If the discussions materialise, there are chances of various education exchange programmes, internships for students of France in India and students of India in France, launching of various dual degree programmes and designing of technical training for students of both the countries.Professional from top five agricultural universities of France were present. The delegates also visited dairy farms, agriculture farms and various departments of IAS, BHU. They were served a few dairy products and herbal 'kulfi' prepared in the animal husbandry department of the university. The team will stay in BHU till Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "ranchi/gumla", "code": "17121141", "title": "CM evades power-pact question", "text": "RANCHI/GUMLA: Chief minister Arjun Munda on Tuesday evaded questions on Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) president Shibu Soren's claims of a secret power-sharing agreement between his party and the BJP.Without making a direct comment on Soren's claims that according to agreement both the parties would share power for 28 months each, the chief minister who was on Johar Yatra for the past three days said, \"Emphasis should be on development and not on being in power.\"He said irrespective of the party in power, development should be given priority and welfare work should be on the fast track.He added in the same breath, \"I will talk only on development because I am on a tour to have a first hand information on development and welfare projects. I will speak on politics on a different forum,\" said Munda. The four day tour covering South Chotanagpur division will end on Wednesday.Later, the chief minister inaugurated and laid foundation of different developments schemes worth around Rs 86.36 crore in the district and distributed cheques of around Rs 2.75 crore under Mukhya Mantri Laxmi Ladli Yojna, Mukhya Mantri Kanyadan Yojna and Prime Minister Employment Guarantee Programme. He also gave seed money and financial support to various women self-help groups in Gumla.Munda inaugurated a bridge across the South Koel river on NH-23, school buildings, hostels, Rajiv Gandhi Sewa Kendra, market sheds and a dairy development office building. State welfare minister Bimla Pradhan and senior officers of the state were present.Officials in Gumla district administration said the foundation stone of five roads under the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojna and widening-cum-strengthening road from Sisai to Basia along with a restaurant-cum- hall in Palkot block were laid by the chief minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17123802", "title": "Some yoga to de-stress students", "text": "COIMBATORE: Two months have gone since an eighteen year old engineering student of Sri Ramakrishna Engineering College at Vattamalapalayam on the outskirts of the city committed suicide by hanging from the ceiling at his hostel room due to lack of proficiency in English. The boy hailed from a remote village in Namakkal had done his schooling in a Tamil medium school. He found it very difficult to learn mechanical engineering in English, a language he was not comfortable with. Despite his good marks in the qualifying examination, his inability to converse in English with fellow students and teachers had prompted him to end a promising life. The suicide happened just weeks after commencement of classes for first year students.The death had rattled management, staff and students and prompted a discussion on ways to de-stress first year students. Finally they zeroed in on yoga which has been made mandatory for first year students, specifically those who stay in hostels. Each student will get two hours of training per week conducted by a professional trainer. Students are encouraged to practice yoga on a daily basis. After completing the training for first year students, yoga lessons would be imparted to the teaching faculty. In the next academic year, teachers would impart yoga lessons to new students.\"Students have a tendency to opt for suicide rather than face challenges. During the same week, another 18-year-old student from Pappireddipatti in Dharmapuri district had committed suicide at an engineering institution at Madukkarai and in this case too the reason was lack of proficiency in English. Family pressure, academic difficulties, problems with teachers or fellow students and a romance gone wrong are some of the common reasons for suicide. Yoga seems to be the appropriate solution to toughen students up so that they can face any challenge in life with courage and optimism,\" said Dr N R Alamelu, principal of the college.The response from first year students is encouraging. I had no exercise or physical activity before. After I began learning yoga, I made it a part of my daily routine and I feel less anxiety and stress. Many of my classmates too voice similar views,\" said A V Geethu, a first year computer science student. Among the 4500 students of the college, 1020 are first year students and 566 of them are in hostel. There are separate classes for boys and girls once a week and students practice it on a daily basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17124268", "title": "From K to KK in 60 days", "text": "NAGPUR: The beatific smile camouflages the pain he may have endured while running across the length of the country. On his 60-day journey from Kargil to Kanyakumari, ultra-marathoner Arun Bhardwaj completed 2300km when he reached the heart of India - the Zero Milestone - on Tuesday evening at 5.15.The country's first internationally recognized ultra-distance runner, 43-year-old Arun took to endurance running to inspire his children to become middle distance runners and one day represent India at the Olympics.When Arun started the 4000km run, he knew that there would be challenges along the way. After a tough start on his way from the peaks of Kargil to some of the highest peaks in Leh and Ladakh, he has now hit the plains. Chanting the Hanuman chalissa throughout the run has helped Arun keep the problems at the back of his mind.\"This is basically an inspirational run across the country for Indians. Hopefully it will inspire every citizen and send the message that there are no limits,\" Arun told TOI.On his inspiration, Arun said, \"I started running when I was 30, after my daughter Zola was born. I wanted to inspire her. No one in my family has ever played any sport.\"Arun remains unfussy over his effort of running across India. \"There is nothing much to it, just wanted to prove that Indians can also do such high endurance activities. It is the faith that you have in yourself. If you believe in yourself you can do anything and anyone can do what I have done,\" said Arun.An employee with the Planning Commission, the UP-born Arun is a Delhi resident and has taken leave from work for the run.Arun began his running career with a 180-km solo run from Hardwar to Baghpat in 2000 and then went on to win the six-day 567-km race in South Africa in 2010. Last year, Arun participated in the world's toughest race, the Badwater Ultramarathon.With as much as 1700km left to conclude his journey in Kanyakumari, Arun has already made his plans. \"After this north-south run, next year I plan to run across India from east to west. I will kick off in Arunachal Pradesh and conclude in Gujarat,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17123024", "title": "Letters cow feed at Mancheswar Post Office", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: If you have been awaiting a note from a loved one or confirmation of a job application, you might consider rummaging through piles of undelivered letters lying waste on the verandah of Mancheswar Railway Colony Post Office in the city. While hundreds of letters undelivered for months together were found drenched in rain at the post office, a cow was spotted merrily chewing on valuable applications, appointment letters, invitation cards and personal letters.When quizzed about the lapse, postmaster Santosh Kumar Nandi narrated logistical woes. \"We receive nearly 2,500 to 3,000 mails daily since a large number of government and private offices are located in this area. There are only four postmen to distribute mails in the area that is developing very fast and the office even does not even have a proper place to store and sort the increasing number of mails,\" said Nandi, who operates from a dingy, dimly-lit room. \"Many of the undelivered letters are application forms for recruitment to different posts of Railways which reached here after the last date of submission. Railway officials take away the letters every day but since the final day expired they did not collect the letters from the post office,\" he added.When contacted, assistant superintendent of posts (outdoor) P C Mahapatra said, \"We will inquire into the matter and will take it up with the railway officials to clear the mess from the premises of the post office. We will also ask the postmaster to deliver all personal letters immediately to their respective addresses.\"According to postal rules, mails sent within a city, town or district must be delivered in two days' time, letters sent in the state must be delivered within three days and inter-state letters must be delivered within three to five days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "17122632", "title": "Three cops suspended for providing liquor to criminal in lock-up", "text": "JAISALMER: Three police personnel, including the Phalsoond police station in-charge, were suspended on Tuesday for providing liquor to an accused, who is on police remand.Jaisalmer SP Mamta Vishnoi confirmed the incident and said DSP Kalyanmal Banjara has been given the responsibility to investigate the case.Vishnoi said Manaram Jat has been sent to one-day police remand on Monday in a cheating case under IPC sections 419 and 420 and has been lodged at Phalsoon police station. One Monday, the SP had received a complaint saying the accused was kept in the open (not locked up) and was provided liquor.After receiving the complaint, she sent Pokharan deputy SP Kalyanmal Banjara to Phalsoond police station to get the entire case investigated. During the investigation, it was found that the culprit had taken liquor and was not kept under lock and keys. Medical examination of the accused also found that he had consumed alcohol.Vishnoi said taking the carelessness of Phalsoond police station in-charge Kishore Singh seriously, she had on Tuesday suspended with immediate effect the in-charge, head constable Bhag Singh and constable Veer Singh and the case is being investigated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17122271", "title": "Suresh Kalmadi prevails in Cong meet to choose Lok Sabha candidate", "text": "PUNE: Suspended Congress MP Suresh Kalmadi may be officially out of the party, but his supporters made his presence felt during the meeting held in the city on Tuesday to identify probable candidates from Pune for the 2014 Lok Sabha elections. While Kalmadi loyalists insisted on withdrawing the suspension of their leader, the anti-Kalmadi faction strongly objected his come back in the party fold.All India Congress Committee (AICC) observer Kewal Singh Dhillon on Tuesday held several rounds of meetings with city leaders, elected representatives and party workers to discuss the possible candidate for Pune Lok Sabha seat.\"MP Kalmadi had called some of the senior city leaders and asked them to put a word for him. Accordingly, we made a presentation to the party observer and tried to convince that Kalmadi is the only mass leader in the city Congress and if the party wants to maintain a hold on the seat, his (Kalmadi's) suspension should be revoked,\" said a party corporator.Kalmadi supporters said that the Congress high command should support him as he is the only leader who has the capacity to lock horns with Sharad Pawar and NCP in Pune. Pawar wants complete control in Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad and only Kalmadi can stop them, they argued.Interestingly, not many Kalmadi loyalists, except deputy mayor Deepak Mankar, staked a claim on the seat. Kalmadi's confidant and city president Abhay Chhajed said, \"We as a city unit are not going to make any demand for MP Suresh Kalmadi. All the decisions regarding him will be taken by the party high command and we will follow the Congress president's order.\" Deputy mayor Deepak Mankar said, \"I am willing to contest as a Congress candidate. Any decision on Kalmadi will be taken by the party high command.\"Once a Kalmadi supporter, former MLA Chandrakant Chhajed disassociated himself from the leader. \"I want to contest the Lok Sabha election. I am not tagged to anyone. I am an independent leader,\" he said.Anti-Kalmadi faction leaders including MLC Mohan Joshi, former minister Balasaheb Shivarkar and Anant Gadgil also staked their claim for the ticket. Another Kalmadi opponent, Vinayak Nimhan, said that he was not a contender for the seat, but said the party should not nominate anyone who has a \"tainted\" image.\"I don't think the party will take any step that will damage its reputation,\" said Nimhan. Mohan Joshi said, \"Congress has sent a strong message that no corruption will be tolerated. The party's line is very clear. IT wants a candidate with a clean image and not those who are mired in corruption.\"MLC Sharad Ranpise and other leaders also expressed their willingness to contest the next LS election. AICC observer Kewal Singh Dhillon preferred to keep mum on the issue. \"I am here to listen to what party workers have to say. I will convey their thoughts to the party leadership,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17122119", "title": "Salvage starts tomorrow", "text": "A salvage team will begin towing stranded oil tanker Pratibha Cauvery, which ran aground as Cyclone Nilam slammed into Chennai last Wednesday, from the city's shores on Thursday afternoon. A tug will start the operation to recover the ship around 3pm, when tides are expected to be high. The vessel lost anchor after being hit by huge waves and drifted towards Elliot's Beach, where it hit the shore. Six sailors drowned in an attempt to escape from the ship. The vessel later drifted north and is currently located around half a nautical mile from Marina Beach.Vijai Saxena, head of the naval architecture department at Pratibha Shipping Company, the vessel owner, said a ninemember team from maritime company Smit International, Singapore, has planned the salvage operation with data from the Indian Naval Hydrographic Department's tide table.\"The table predicts the waters that the ship is stranded in will be reach a height of 1.1 metres at 3pm on Monday,\" Saxena \"If the high tide does not materialise as expected, the operation will be deferred to Friday, when the tide forecasts the water level at 1.03 metres at 4.55 pm.\"He said the team is taking into account various factors including wind direction and possible damage to the vessel while planning the operation. \"The tug will tow the ship bowfirst towards the sea,\" he said.\"The salvage team will have to tow out the ship carefully to prevent further damage to the keel or propellers,\" said a senior official of the directorate-general of shipping. Once the ship is taken out to sea, divers will photograph the hull, keel and propellers to assess the extent of damage caused by the ship running aground, he added, Experts said the salvage team will face a major challenge in manoeuvring the ship out to sea while ensuring that it does not tilt and capsize, an outcome that would not only damage the vessel but also result in the possible leak of the heavy fuel on board.Officials said nearly 10,000 tons of ballast water will be drained out to make the vessel light. \"It is already free of cargo. Reducing the ballast will make it easier for the vessel to float in high tide,\" an official said. Ballast water is used to stabilise vessels, especially large ships that carry cargo.The directorate-general of shipping official said the salvage team is confident that it will be able to extricate the ship with the tug Malaviya. Another tug sent by the directorategeneral of shipping in Mumbai is heading for Chennai to provide additional towing power if needed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17120962", "title": "Bokaro boy commits suicide", "text": "BOKARO: A class-XII student of DAV Public School, Sudeep Kumar Sharma, committed suicide at his residence in Sector-I under city police station here on Tuesday evening. Police have not recovered any suicide note from the spot.According to city police station OC Ramod Kumar Singh, the reason which prompted youth to take such a harsh step is yet to be ascertained. Preliminary investigation, however, revealed that there was some kind of dispute between the deceased with a neighbour which might had prompted him to end his life.Receiving information from local residents, police reached the spot and entered the house by breaking open the door. Sudeep was found hanging from fan in his bedroom where he stayed with three other friends on rent. They all are students of DAV Public School. Vikas Kumar Sharma, his room partner, said they had gone for tuitions when the incident occurred.\"One of the neighbours had rebuked Sudeep earlier in the day. He was depressed ever since and did not go for tuition. When I returned I found his body hanging from the fan. He is a resident of Tiyyara village under Chas Muffasil,\" Vikas said.School buses seized: Bokaro district transport officials seized three buses of a city school after it failed to produce road tax and valid registration related documents on Tuesday.The seizure was made near Nayamoad after the officials conducted surprise check on school buses.District transport officer, Bokaro, Vijay Kumar Gupta said they had repeatedly asked the city schools to update the documents of their buses related to road tax, pollution, fitness certificates, etc.A team headed by motor vehicle sub-inspector Tarun Kumar caught the three school buses with registration numbers of Bihar which were running without paying registration fees and road taxes. The buses were seized when they were returning after dropping students home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17121496", "title": "Awareness campaign on ill-effects of Diwali crackers on animals launched", "text": "HYDERABAD: With just about a week to go for Diwali, Nidhi Singh is anxious on how Bolt, her three-year-old Labrador, will pull through this year's Diwali revelry. Last year, she had locked the pet dog in a bedroom keeping a constant check, but despite her attempts, Bolt got worked up and returned to its normal self only after a week. Nidhi is more perturbed this time because her neighbour's puppy died of shock on the Diwali day last year unable to take the loud noise of fire crackers.Following a series of incidents, animal welfare organizations across Hyderabad have initiated a massive awareness campaign, saying last year they found hundreds of birds and stray animals dead and injured after Diwali.This Sunday, Caring Hands for Animals (CHFA), a city-based NGO, held an awareness campaign at the Nehru Zoological Park, propagating an eco-friendly Diwali among visitors. CHFA is also putting up banners at recreation sites, and areas where the traffic movement is high, and as well as in housing societies. \"Street shows are being held in various parts of twin cities. We have also gone to a few schools to sensitize children,\" says B Padmaja, president of CHFA.The campaign is all about sensitizing youngsters on the ill-effects of bursting noisy crackers, more so on animals. A popular SMS campaign urging people says: \"Stop using crackers - do not abuse animals\" are doing the rounds in the twin cities. Mahesh Agarwal of Sahayog organisation says that every year knowingly or unknowingly, thousands of animals and birds are dying during Diwali. Sahayog volunteers had found 28 dead dogs, cats, pigeons and a monkey last year and rescued several injured birds.Agarwal says a common mischief of tying crackers to the tails of stray dogs and cats claims several lives every year as the animals die of injuries. Sky crackers such as rockets disturb the birds dangerously, even killing and displacing them.The impact of crackers on the birds and animals is profound, say experts. The high decibel levels lead to behavioral changes even leading to shock and death. \"The crackers remains on the roads and localities which these animals chew and have long-term health complications as they damage the intestines,\" says Dr Keshav Srinivas, a veterinary specialist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17123154", "title": "Railway cops add twist to lady doctor's death", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Did unrequited love drive doctor Madhabilata Pradhan to jump in front of a speeding train? The Government Railway Police (GRP), who recovered her body from a railway track at Malatipatpur on October 12 and subsequently attributed her death to suicide, lent a new twist to the mysterious death, saying the victim might have resorted to the extreme step after failing to woo a married doctor.The GRP appraised the matter to Crime Branch police, which took over the case for investigation on Monday. \"During investigation we found that she had sent a message to the doctor to woo him. This indicated that perhaps she wanted to develop a relation with him,\" DSP (GRP) Prakash Jena told TOI. She had sent the text nearly a week before her death. \"We checked the married doctor's mobile phone and found her text in his inbox. We also saw a reply sent by him saying he did not expect such type of SMS from her,\" Jena said.The doctors were students of Gopabandhu Ayurveda College at Puri in the past. He was her senior. The male doctor, who has a two-year-old child, joined a community health centre near the deceased doctor's village at Brahmagiri in Puri district on October 12, the very day she died. Though her death occurred on October 12, police confirmed it only on October 27. Earlier a missing case was registered with Kumbharapada police in Puri.Pradhan's aunt Chandrakanti Palei and her family did not buy the GRP story, however. \"Police are trying to mislead the investigation by cooking up the false story to malign her character. She had no such affair with anyone,\" Palei said. She accused the GRP of disposing Pradhan's body in a hurry. The GRP officials said they were forced to bury the body after nobody claimed it for three days. \"If they disposed it off, where is the body? We rummaged across the crematorium, but could not find her,\" Palei said.The married doctor had no relation with her. They were just fiends as they were studying in the same college,\" a relative said. Sources said there was a proposal from the male doctor's family to marry her in the past. However, the proposal did not work out.Meanwhile, a Crime Branch team on Tuesday visited Puri and discussed the case with GRP officials. The probing team then visited the crematorium and Malatipatpur railway station to gather evidence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17123877", "title": "Special weekly train extended", "text": "MANGALORE: To clear the extra rush of passengers, Indian Railway has extended the service of Tirunelveli-Dadar-Tirunelveli weekly special train service up to November. Train number 06746 Tirunelveli - Dadar special will leave Tirunelveli at 7.10am on November 7, 14, 21, and 28 (Wednesdays) and arrive Dadar at 3.10pm on Thursday. Train 06745 Dadar-Tirunelveli special will leave Dadar at 8.40pm on November 9, 16, 23 and 30 (Fridays) and arrive Tirunelveli at 4am on Sundays.These trains will have 1 AC two-tier, six sleeper class, six general second class and two luggage-cum-brake van coaches. These trains will stop at Kovilpatti, Virudunagar, Madurai, Dindigul, Karur, Erode, Tiruppur, Coimbatore, Palakkad, Shoranur, Kozhikode, Kannur, Mangalore Junction, Udupi, Honnavar, Karwar, Madgaon, Thivim, Kankavali, Ratnagiri, Chiplun, Roha, Panvel and Thane.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17123643", "title": "Centre should release MGNREGS funds: CM to Union minister", "text": "BHOPAL: Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan has urged the Union government to release Rs 1,076 crore for payment to SC, ST and landless beneficiaries benefited in the state under Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme.In a letter to Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh on Tuesday, Chouhan said that payment to labourers cannot be made since funds have not been made available by the Union government and new works are also not being started under the scheme.Referring to negative attitude of the Union rural development ministry towards the state, Chouhan said that the state government is committed to ensure that eligible beneficiaries under the scheme do not face any difficulty and get their dues in time. He said that Madhya Pradesh government is committed to implement the scheme in the best manner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17124197", "title": "'No digging of roads sans PWD permission'", "text": "PANAJI: The PWD has issued a circular to all departments and agencies directing them to take permission from the PWD authorities concerned and to deposit necessary reinstatement charges before digging of PWD roads for laying telephone and electricity cables, pipelines etc.Sources in the PWD office said that the circular has been issued by the PWD secretary as it has been observed that different agencies/departments \"illegally\" damage PWD roads. The circular also stated that strict action will be taken, including filing of criminal cases, against anybody violating the order.The circular was issued upon the recommendation of the vigilance department which was investigating the alleged corruption involved in taking up road work. During the investigation, the vigilance department had observed that there is no coordination between the various departments and agencies.Sources in the PWD office said that the vigilance department has recommended that the PWD officials should file criminal complaints against the CEOs of the agencies who undertake work affecting roads without permission from the PWD and then fail to restore the roads to their original condition within a reasonable time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17121712", "title": "Federer hits a purple patch against Tipsarevic", "text": "LONDON: Violet is the colour of the season. It's everywhere - on mannequins in high-street outlets and on the young and not-so young, who are touching it up with a tie or tights of a like shade.So, purple it was - a deep, midnight shade, edged in black - that the stylish Swiss Roger Federer picked for his opening-round engagement of the Barclays ATP World Tour Finals at The O2 Arena on Tuesday.The 31-year-old, a six-time winner of the tournament tipped as the fifth Slam, making his 11th appearance in the season-ending finale, matched his craft with his choice of colour.Fittingly, the reigning Wimbledon champion finished on top in a Group B clash against Serb Janko Tipsarevic . Federer didn't put a foot wrong all afternoon, winning 6-3, 6-1 in a little over an hour.Playing attacking tennis from the word go and mixing it up with unmatched flair - a drop shot in the second set that earned him his second break of the set being the pick of his effort - Federer didn't give Tipsarevic a chance.At the fag end of an incredible season in which he reclaimed the world No. 1 ranking, the battle-hardened pro, who has won six titles this year, including three Masters 1000 events and Wimbledon, enjoys a 5-0 head-to-head record with the colourful Serb.Tipsarevic has extended the champion on just two occasions, one of them in the round of 32 of the 2008 Australian Open, when Federer finally shut the door on his 10-8 in the final set.The duo met just once this year, in the semifinals in Madrid on clay, a match Federer claimed for the loss of just five games.Meanwhile late on Monday, Serb Novak Djokovic topped Frenchman Jo-Wilfried Tsonga 7-6 (7-4), 6-3 in a Group A match where the fancied 25-year-old struggled with his serve but held his nerve to come through in an hour and 39 minutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17123415", "title": "Survey report favours OBC status for jats, 4 other communities", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With the survey by a team headed by former professor of Maharshi Dayanand University (MDU) recommending inclusion of jats and four other communities in other backward classes (OBC) list, the jats have a reason to smile in Haryana.Seeking OBC quota in jobs and education, jats across the state were on warpath for the past three years. Haryana has seen three major agitations wherein jats had resorted to blocking rail traffic on Hisar-Jind-New Delhi tracks.In his report submitted to the Haryana State Backward Classes Commission, K S Sangwan has recommended the inclusion of jat Sikhs, tyagis, bishnois and rods, on the basis of the survey conducted by it, covering 50,000 households in rural and urban areas of the state.The survey was conducted on the directions of Haryana State Backward Classes Commission, which is studying the possibility of including jats in the OBC list.\"The survey report is under the active consideration of the commission. We shall send our recommendations to the state government soon for further action,'' commission chairman Justice (retd) K C Gupta said on Tuesday.Sources said the commission will submit its report to the government latest by the first week of December.Following incidents of rail blockade in Hisar district in April this year, the government had asked the state commission to study the possibility of including jats and other communities in the OBC category.Inquiries revealed that Sangwan's team had surveyed 16 communities and taken into consideration mainly the education and socio-economic conditions of families. Other communities surveyed by the committee included rajputs, gaur brahmins, maithali, kalal and khatris.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17123163", "title": "Opposition corners govt on compensation", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The opposition came down heavily on the government on Tuesday to help alleviate the misery of farmers who suffered heavy losses due to damage of crops in five days of unseasonal rains induced by cyclonic storm Nilam.\"Heavy rains in the last five days have caused a huge crop loss in the state, particularly in south Odisha. The state government should immediately wake up to the situation and take steps for providing compensation,\" said president of Pradesh Congress Committee (PCC), Niranjan Patnaik.President of state unit of BJP, Juel Oram, also slammed the government for its 'failure' to tackle the situation. \"The government is not at all serious in handling the situation. The ruling party is dogged by intra-party squabble, while the agriculture minister and top department officials are on a foreign tour,\" pointed out Oram, a former Union minister. \"Standing crops in over 1.5 lakh hectares, spread over 13 of 30 districts in the state, have been damaged due to unseasonal rain induced by cyclonic storm,\" said Oram. He demanded that the government should provide compensation to rain-hit farmers at the rate of a minimum of Rs 50,000 per acre. Besides, the government should waive two crop year installments of crop loan, he said.Secretary of state unit of CPM, Janardan Pati, stressed farmers of rain-ravaged districts should be paid compensation immediately.Secretary of state unit of CPI Dibakar Nayak said government officers should make proper inquiry to identify rain-hit farmers and take the help of all party monitoring committee, if needed. State president of Samajwadi party , Rabi Behera also demanded payment of compensation to rain-hit farmers at the earliest.Preliminary government reports said standing crops were damaged in over 50,000 hectares in at least seven districts. While Ganjam was worst-hit with crop loss in over 25,000 hectares, other affected districts are Puri, Khurda, Cuttack, Gajapati, Koraput and Rayagada.Meanwhile, Ganjam limped back to normalcy even as light to moderate rain continued in some places. Local meteorological centre here, however, forecast more rain on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17123073", "title": "Weak markets, high priced stock hurt cashew export", "text": "KOCHI: Kerala's cashew industry is now facing a double whammy, with western markets unable to absorb the state's highly priced processed nuts amid economic recession while Africa and Vietnam flooding the domestic market with low-priced broken nuts.\"Import of raw cashew nuts was lower last month,\" revealed Sasi Varma, executive director and secretary of the Cashew Export Promotion Council of India (CEPCI). He attributed it to the high prices of cashew nuts in the last season. \"Rumours about a decline in global production had driven up the prices of nuts during the end of 2011. But, due to the economic recession, the US and European markets were not able to absorb this high price, and hence, the price of processed nuts came down in March - April, 2012,\" he said.Manoj Kumar, a sourcing agent who focuses on western African countries of Guinea Bissau, Senegal, and Gambia, said Free on Board price of the African raw cashew had gone up to $1,100 per tonne at the Bissau port in March - April from the usual $900 per tonne.Things got worse as many of the industrialists based in Kerala booked their forward contracts with this higher price. However, kernel prices declined in the western markets, and the industrialists are now unable to pass on this additional burden to their customers, said Varma.Meanwhile, some Indian companies are importing broken or split kernels from African countries and Vietnam through the Chennai, Mumbai and Nhava Sheva ports. \"These kernels can't be imported to the western markets and are flooding our markets,\" he noted. In addition, Kollam-based cashew exporters are facing a hard time selling their broken or split cashew in the domestic markets as it is being imported under the labels of cattle feed and poultry feed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17124344", "title": "Ornaments worth Rs 40L stolen on train", "text": "MUMBAI: Jewellery worth Rs 40 lakh was allegedly stolen while an Andheri-based family was returning home from Rajasthan by train on Tuesday.Shikharchand Bothra, the complainant, was travelling by the Bikaner-Bandra Terminus Weekly Special with around a dozen family members after attending a ceremony in Rajasthan. His son, Siddharth, who had gone to receive his family members at Bandra, said he noticed that their bag was partially open but did not suspect anything.\"My parents were in an AC coach. They recalled having seen a man stare at their luggage a couple of times. The man also asked my father about the station that they had just crossed and occupied a seat near them,\" said Siddharth, an entrepreneur and vice-president , All-India Philatelists' Association.As the train approached Bandra Terminus, the stranger offered to help carry one of Bothra's suitcases. \"My father told the stranger that he did not need any help but the latter insisted . He took one suitcase to the passage near the door. My sister, Anjana , followed him but soon found a large group of men around the bag. She then left to fetch my father. Before my father could reach the door, the men must have stolen a saree and jewellery from our luggage . We discovered this only after reaching home in the afternoon,\" Siddharth said.The family later approached the GRP and also went through CCTV footage at the terminus in a bid to locate the culprit. The GRP, however, was yet to register an FIR or detain anybody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17123084", "title": "Row over prayer fee", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A minority community family was threatened with social ostracisation for being unable to pay the prayer fee in Keranga village in Khurdha district. After failing to get justice from local police and State Commission for Women , the family complained to Odisha Human Rights Commission (OHRC) on Tuesday.Guni Khan, his wife Habiba Bibi and daughter Farhad Begum alleged they were denied entry to their place of worship because they were unable to pay the fee. \"My family was subjected to torture. People, who manage the weekly prayer, demanded more money from us despite the fact that we never neglected paying the monthly fee,\" said Guni. He was asked to cough up Rs 10,000 for religious meetings, Guni alleged. \"When I expressed my inability to pay the amount, the members tried to terrorise me and threatened to ostracise us in the village. The members also sent goons to put pressure on us,\" he complained.Guni has mentioned eight persons of the village in his complaint. \"The eight persons I have mentioned in my petition to OHRC have been torturing us on a daily basis. They used foul language against my wife and young daughter,\" he said.The family's allegation is being investigated, said Khurda SP D Gocchhait.Habibur Rehman, one of the accused, rubbished the allegations saying instead, they refused to received the money from Guni as he was torturing Rehman's family members. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17124286", "title": "Votes for US president Obama from Vadodara", "text": "VADODARA: Many may not take pain to go to the polling stations and take a day off to chill, but this family of US citizens with Indian origin went the extra mile so that their vote is counted in the US presidential polls. It was their way of ensuring that they have a say in the process even when they are in India.Anand Shah, his wife Hinal, father Rajendra and mother Mitsu - all ensured that they were registered as absentee voters and that all of them vote. The family that is settled in Atlanta spends time these days both in the US and India and has business interests at both places.Said Anand, \"I voted when I was there and this is a continuation of the process. In a way it is a way to ensure that our voices are also heard when the US president is elected.\"According to Anand, the process of absentee ballots had been simplified to quite an extent now. \"We had to go to the consulate earlier. But since the last two presidential elections, we can send across our ballot papers by post,\" he said.The entire process barring that of depositing the ballots can be done online. This includes getting oneself registered as a voter and even obtaining a ballot paper along with the print of the envelope to be used. \"These then had to be posted so that they reach the US Consulate at Mumbai by October 15 or one could even go to the consulate for the voting party,\" Anand said.And Anand wears his likes on his sleeve. \"Obama all the way man,\" he quipped when asked about his choice. \"He has begun a lot of work and that needs to be carried forward. He should be given some time to finish the job he has taken on hand,\" Anand said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17123939", "title": "23 food samples collected during raid", "text": "INDORE: As many as 23 samples were collected during the district administration's raid on sweets and namkeen shops across the city on Tuesday. Reports of the samples collected are expected to arrive in two weeks after which action will be taken against the adulterators.Food and safety officer, Manish Swami said that raids were conducted across the city including at Sarafa, Vijay Nagar, Jawra Compound, Patnipura and Palasia.\"Samples of ghee, milk and mawa were collected from Vijay Chat House. Samples of mawa barfi, mawa white and namkeen were collected from Agrawal Sweet of Bada Sarafa. Other shops from where samples were collected include Madhuram Mawa Bhandar of Bhamori, Ujjain Mithai Bhandar of Tilak Nagar, Swariya Ghee and Mawa Kendra of Ramji Bazaar. Officials also collected a sample of Cadbury chocolate from Joy Marketing,\" he added.On Monday, seven samples were collected during the raid, which is likely to continue till the end of the festive season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17121134", "title": "Governor Syed Ahmed asks babus to be proactive", "text": "RANCHI: Governor Syed Ahmed on Tuesday asked the bureaucrats to be proactive in dealing with complaints and memorandums of the common man or institutions when they are forwarded by Raj Bhavan.The directives were issued during a meeting the governor had with senior officials of the state after he came to know that most of the complaints or memorandums forwarded by Raj Bhavan remained unattended for months. the chief secretary, principal home secretary and other senior police officers were present in the meeting.\"Any individual or institution in the state comes to Raj Bhavan as the last resort. They come here with lots of expectation and if they don't get any result, it projects a bad image of the government. I would like that the bureaucracy, as the executing agency of the state, should take the complaints and memorandums on priority basis and try to redress the problems at the earliest,\" Ahmed said. \"Under no circumstances, the matter should be kept pending. If the matter is related to policy decision, the person concerned should be immediate informed through his secretariat,\" he said addressing the officials.Sources present in the meeting said because of the initiative taken by the governor, the officials had come prepared with the list of complaints and demands that had been redressed. \"Of the 31 matters taken up for discussions, the officials informed the governor that 27 have been resolved.One matter related to demand in amendment of the Chotanagpur Tenancy (CNT) Act could not be resolved as it needs a decision at the government level so they would not be able to make any commitment,\" said a source.The officials also assured the governor that the managing director of the Minority Finance Corporation would be appointed at the earliest. The government had recently constituted the corporation but it has not become fully functional.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17123366", "title": "Urban development department revokes transfer order of IFS officer", "text": "BANGALORE: Greening Bangalore may be on the BBMP's agenda. But administrators don't seem to believe it. Last month, they transferred the chief conservator of forests on the ground that he was a financial burden on the civic body.Indian Forest Service officer Brijesh Kumar, however, knocked on the doors of the urban development department which stayed the transfer and ordered his reinstatement two days ago.He had not been given a fresh posting when he was transferred on October 11. He had been posted with a promotion to the BBMP on May 15, 2012.Brijesh, who was not available for comment, was actively involved in reviving lakes in the city.The standing committee on administrative reforms, comprising corporators, however, felt at its August 6 meeting the official had been appointed in the civic body though there was no work for him.Pointing out that a few corporators had expressed their displeasure with his \"professionalism\", the committee said he should be repatriated to the state government as the palike didn't need a CCF.\"It was an autonomous decision taken by the administrative reforms standing committee without consulting anyone. They said he was paid more than Rs 1 lakh and that was a burden on the BBMP,\" said a senior officer in BBMP on condition of anonymity.BBMP commissioner Rajneesh Goel said: \"There was no personal motive behind the transfer. The standing committee of administrative reforms is well within its rights to question the appointment of any officer.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17121803", "title": "Central Sales Tax relief sought from Centre", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state government decided to demand the release of Rs 2,000 crore Central Sales Tax (CST) compensation before agreeing for the introduction of Goods and Services Tax (GST). Union finance minister P Chidambaram has convened a meeting with state finance ministers on the big-ticket tax reforms particularly implementation of GST on November 7-8 in New Delhi. The state delegation, which finalised its stand, told TOI that it would press for immediate release of CST compensation to agree for GST rollout this month.State finance minister Anam Ramnarayana Reddy will lead a delegation and press for immediate release of CST compensation for the state so that it could cooperate with the Centre in rolling out the tax reforms.CST is a tax on inter-state movement of goods imposed by the Centre but collected by states. The states were asked in 2007 to gradually phase out CST to enable GST introduction from 2010-11. The Union cabinet had approved a formula for compensation till 2009-10 for losses accruing to the states due to reduction in CST rate, which was contested by almost all state governments, leading to the delay of GST implementation.As the GST rollout got delayed, states asked the Centre for compensation beyond 2009-10. The Centre had earlier released Rs 6,000 crore as compensation to states for CST for the year 2010-11 while the states' demand was Rs 19,000 crore. The dispute has deepened with the Centre not transferring any funds to the states over the last two years.\"In case states are not given CST compensation till GST is introduced, states will have to suffer substantial revenue losses and may be forced to increase some other taxes locally which may not be in the interest of GST,\" opined a senior official in the finance department. While the Union finance ministry is firm on its stand that it would release CST compensation only after the states sign the GST agreement, the states are demanding that they would first receive the compensation to enter into the agreement.There is trust deficit in the entire process as the Union finance ministry did not keep its word on several issues and not specified the differential treatment for developed, developing and undeveloped states, pointed out state finance department officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "cuddalore", "code": "17121566", "title": "Woman, 24, found dead in Cuddalore", "text": "CUDDALORE: A 24-year-old woman was found dead on Monday under mysterious circumstances at her house in Cuddalore district.Police said B Tamilarasi was staying alone after her husband B Balamurugan left for Dubai to work as a welder. She was undergoing treatment for thyroid-related ailments at a private medical college-cum-hospital. Police said she had her usual medicines before retiring on Sunday night. She did not come out of her house on Monday.Her neighbours grew suspicious and called her over the mobile phone. When she did not respond, they broke open the doors and found her between the wardrobe and the refrigerator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17123330", "title": "Lahaul too cold for EVMs", "text": "SHIMLA: Apprehending loss of poll data due to extreme cold conditions, the Election Commission has airlifted 89 electronic voting machines (EVMs) from Keylong in Lahaul-Spiti district to Bhuntar town of neighbouring Kullu district in Himachal Pradesh.The temperature in Keylong, where the EVMs were kept after polling on November 4, has already plunged below freezing point and, according to EC officials, may affect the functioning of EVMs. On Tuesday, the minimum temperature recorded at Keylong was -1.1 degrees Celsius. Counting will be done on December 20, by when the minimum temperature can go down to -15 degrees Celsius in Keylong.The EVMs were airlifted on Monday and the counting of votes will be held in Bhuntar instead of Keylong, said EC officials.In the 68 assembly constituencies of Himachal Pradesh , Lahaul-Spiti is the lone constituency whose counting would be done in some other district. Lahaul-Spiti deputy commissioner S S Guleria said that it was the fear of losing stored data in extreme cold climatic conditions that forced him to approach the Election Commission to hold the counting of votes outside the district.\"In December, the minimum temperature would be several degrees below zero level. There was apprehension that in such climatic condition, EVMs would not work properly or lose the battery,\" he said. Guleria said that after getting the poll panel nod, all 89 EVMs were airlifted to Bhuntar.In 2007 elections too, counting of votes had taken place outside the district for the same reason.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17121290", "title": "Cutworms destroy paddy fields", "text": "ITANAGAR: Paddy farmers in Daring circle of West Siang district are incurring huge losses as a typical type of climbing cutworms (Mythimna separate) are largely destroying rice crops ready for harvest in the region.A team of scientists from Indian Council of Agricultural Research, Basar, which recently inspected various rice fields in the circle revealed that climbing cutworms have mostly infested Deko, Pabin and Khamti varieties of the crop. The same menace is also observed in rice fields of Tapo, Dali, Rilu, Chisi and Pading villages.The team sounded alarm for the rice growers of the area to take precautionary measures on various varieties of rice like Khamti and others to avoid further infestation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17123299", "title": "Cracker sale plummets", "text": "LUDHIANA: As any Ludhianvi knows, the citys love for crackers is legendary. Crackers worth crores are burst every year on Diwali. But if cracker sellers associations are to be believed, the trend is declining. Amid all the talk of green diwali, people dont seem to be very keen on buying crackers. However, the city is still set to burst crackers worth more than Rs 7 crore. That does sound impressive until one realizes that crackers worth Rs 10 crore were sold on diwali last year.Ludhiana Patakha Association president Sanjay Singla said, Customers are not very enthusiastic about buying crackers and we fear this will be a dull diwali. The trend of bursting crackers has been on the decline for the last few years. Some people attribute this to recession and the general low in business.Shelly, a cracker wholesaler in the city, is particularly downcast. It seems this season will be the worst in terms of demand for crackers. Lets hope demand catches up in the next few days but things look bleak for the moment.Pollution levels during the festival:SPM Noxug SO2ug 2009 Commercial area Day before Diwali 510 48 46 On Diwali 662 73 52 Residential area Day before Diwali 382 70 49 On Diwali 588 71 56 2010 Commercial area Day before Diwali 378 47 29 On Diwali 637 59 34 Residential area Day before Diwali 265 40 28 On Diwali 367 53 31 2011 Commercial area Day before Diwali 358 34 19 On Diwali 489 60 26 Residential area Day before Diwali 278 36 21 On Diwali 365 46 28SPM: suspended particulate matter Noxug: oxides of nitrogen SO2ug: sulphur dioxide M3: All figures in metric cubeEco-friendly Super Sixer | Throws shots in the air and sprays confetti Dog fight crackers | Two paper dogs fight each other Perfume bomb | Explodes on twisting, spreading fragrance", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17123832", "title": "Twelve get 10 years RI for Kodinar riot", "text": "RAJKOT: The additional sessions court in Una town of Junagadh district on Tuesday sentenced 12 persons to 10 years rigorous imprisonment (RI) for rioting and attacking policemen during a communal clash in Kodinar in November 2003.All the accused, including 10 Muslims, were sent to Junagadh jail after additional sessions court judge S B Rawal pronounced the judgment. All of them were out on bail.On November 12, 2003, a tailor's shop was burnt and a Ganesh pandal was ransacked in the coastal town. Following the incident, a saffron group gave a call for bandh on November 13, demanding immediate arrest of the accused.Meanwhile, despite heavy police bandobast, a group went to Gondra Chowk and forced the shops to down their shutters.This sparked a tussle between groups of two communities and it snowballed into clashes, additional public prosecutor Mohan Gohel said.Police tried to disperse the rampaging mob using tear gas shells. But the mob attacked the cops leaving two policemen injured.On the same day, a complaint was filed by the then police Inspector against 12 persons under various sections of Indian Penal Code, including 307, 143, 147, 148, 149, 332, and 353, with Kodinar police station.Ten persons were arrested on the same day and two persons were nabbed later.Those convicted are Anwar Nakvi, Babu Parmar, Dada Bapu, Mazhar Hussein, Aslam Sheikh, Altaf Panabatu, Paresh Kanabar, Sattar Meman, Gulam Abbas, Gulam Hussein Kadri, Yusuf Ali Behrupi and Abdul Kadar.\"The court examined 12 witnesses, including the injured policemen and 21 documentary evidences, during the trial,\" additional public prosecutor Mohan Gohel said.The accused were sentenced 10 years for attacking policemen, three years for voluntarily causing hurt to stop public servants from discharging their duty and two years for assault and using criminal force against public servants,'' Gohel added.All sentences will run concurrently, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17122017", "title": "Home ministry relief for minors raped by Maoists", "text": "NEW DELHI: The home ministry on Tuesday announced interim relief of Rs 5 lakh each for two minor girls raped by Maoists in south Chhattisgarh's Bijapur district.Speaking to TOI, a senior home ministry official said, \"Two cheques of Rs 5 lakh each have been sent to Bijapur police superintendent for the girls. The administration will take care of their education.\"On October 5, TOI had reported about two tribal girls, aged 11 and 12 years, who complained they were raped by Maoists. A team of CRPF and state police personnel had rescued them from Madded in Bijapur.CRPF IG in Chhattisgarh Zulfiquar Hasan said, \"The girls are traumatized. In their FIR, they named Kudiyam Gujja, a Maoist commander, who forcibly took them away from their homes. Later, Gujja and two other Maoists \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Nagesh and Shivaji \u00e2\u20ac\u201d raped them.\"Gujja was arrested and produced in court on Tuesday. Nagesh, Madded area committee secretary, and Shivaji, in charge of intelligence in Maoist West Bastar divisional committee, are absconding.\"We will ensure the girls are admitted to a residential school. Their parents fear for their safety. They said they want their daughters to stay away from home to escape retaliation by Maoists,\" said Hasan.If families want to resettle elsewhere, the government will help them, the home ministry official said.Earlier, during a joint operation at Nilamedu of Bijapur, the security forces seized documents in local Gondi language from a Maoist hideout. The documents include a village-wise list of Maoist sangham members, including children for their Bal Sangham and \"little girls\", said Hasan.According to the list, in Nilamedu village for instance, Maoists recruited 10 women, 13 men, six \"little girls\" and six children for the sangham. In Kandalapad, 13 women, 11 men, 12 girls and two children were recruited.\"These women and girls are often sexually exploited by Maoists,\" a state police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17122239", "title": "Sale of non-domestic cylinders up by 20-40%", "text": "PUNE: Oil marketing companies in the district have registered a 20% to 40% increase in the sale of commercial or non-domestic LPG cylinders after the central government introduced a limit on subsidised cylinders. The increase indicates the widespread use of domestic cylinders for commercial purposes earlier, which is illegal. Oil marketing company officials say that the subsidy cap has helped curb black-marketing of domestic cylinders for commercial purposes considerably.The centre had introduced an annual cap of six subsidised domestic LPG cylinders for every household, from September 14.An official from Bharat Petroleum Corporation Limited (BPCL) said that the overall sales of commercial cylinders in the district during the first five days of November have grown by 30% as compared to the same period last year.Sales in the non-domestic or commercial category have increased by 20% since April 1 to November 5 this year, as compared to the same period last year. But since September 14, sales in this category have seen a steep rise of 40% over the same period last year, the official said.There is a huge difference between the prices of commercial and domestic subsidised LPG cylinders. For instance, a 19-kg commercial LPG cylinder costs Rs 1,701 this month, while a 14.2 kg subsidised domestic cylinder costs Rs 432. The price of commercial cylinders keeps fluctuating, however, as it is governed by market forces.\"The subsidy limit has made people use domestic LPG cylinders conscientiously and dissuaded them from diverting the cylinders for commercial purposes. There have been instances in the past when LPG cylinder delivery men would divert a domestic cylinder to commercial establishments. They would charge a price higher than the actual rate but lower than the price of a commercial cylinder, thus earning a profit,\" said an official from one oil marketing company.Officials said that such instances have now been checked due to strict enforcement of norms, such as mandatory submission of Know Your Customer forms.Officials also said that before the limit and the exercise to weed out multiple LPG connections per household were introduced, customers with multiple connections would use domestic cylinders for their commercial establishments. \"There were also instances when customers would divert their domestic cylinder to other commercial establishments. Such practices have now been checked,\" he said.An official from Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Limited (HPCL) said that sales of commercial LPG cylinders for the company have grown by 28% after the cap was introduced, as per data from the Pune regional office. This figure includes sales for Pune, Sangli, Satara, Solapur, Kolhapur, Ratnagiri and Sindhudurg districts. \"The growth trend in Pune district is similar. Before the cap, each month would register a sales growth of around 10% in the commercial LPG segment. This increase has more than doubled since September 14,\" the official said.Similarly, an official from the Indian Oil Corporation Limited said the company has registered an increase of around 15% in the sales of non-domestic LPG cylinders after September 14.BPCL and HPCL together have sold over 7,300 metric tonne of commercial LPG since September 14 this year. BPCL has more than 15,000 commercial customers in the district, while HPCL has 8,000.Commercial LPG cylinders are supplied to hotels, restaurants, industrial units, caterers and street vendors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17123191", "title": "Indo-Israel revelry on postal dept's new release", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Department of Posts has set rolling celebration of Deepawali. While special arrangements are being made for distribution of Deepawali greetings timely, a twin-set of postage stamps depicting Deepawali have been issued by India and Israel .Director postal services Allahabad region Krishna Kumar Yadav said the stamps of Rs 5 denomination are being issued on the occasion of completion of 20 years diplomatic relations between India and Israel.The festival of lights is celebrated as Deepawali in India and as 'Hanuka' in Israel.'Deepawali' is the festival of lights and celebrated on the eve of 'Amavasya' in the Hindu month of Kartik in India.The Hanuka is also celebrated as festival of lights in Israel. This is Jewish holiday festival of eight days started before 2{+n}{+d} century BC at the time of the Maccabean Revolt in Jerusalem at the time of re-dedication of holy temple in the form of memorials.The candles are lit on windows and doors in a traditional way and this is also lit on nine-branched Menorah and also as Hanuka special lamps. The postal stamps are available in Philately Bureau, Allahabad head post office and Allahabad Kutchery head post office too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17122609", "title": "HC allows land acquisition for Metro to continue in Sitapura", "text": "JAIPUR: A division bench of Rajasthan high court on Tuesday allowed an appeal filed by Jaipur Metro challenging an interim order of a single judge who stayed acquisition proceedings for Metro yard and depot at Sitapura for Phase-II.The division bench also made an oral observation that the acquisition proceedings for Metro line work should not be casually interfered by the high court. Nearly 27 hectares land of one Alok Kotawala and others was sought to be acquired for laying a yard and depot of Jaipur Metro at Sitapura area in Sanganer.The land acquistion proceedings were put to challenge by Kotawala and others. Only July 25, Justice Alok Sharma passed an interim stay order halting the acquisition proceedings that forced Jaipur Metro to approach the division bench. It was contended by Jaipur Metro that the delay in acquisition will result in irretrivable loss to the running projects specially the phase-II work which is likely to commence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17124633", "title": "Doctors demand suspension of Danapur SDO", "text": "PATNA: Members of the Indian Medical Association, Bihar branch, Bihar Health Services Association and Bihar Orthopaedic Association, on Monday, demanded immediate suspension of Danapur SDO Avnish Kumar who had allegedly slapped and misbehaved with Dr Ashok Kumar Sinha of a private hospital at Danapur, and his wife, also a doctor at the hospital.\"The SDO asked Dr Avnish to show the licence for running the hospital. When it was not shown to him, he demanded a huge amount,\" IMA state president Dr Arun Kumar Thakur alleged. He also demanded a judicial probe into the matter so that doctors don't have to face such situation in future.The video footage of the whole incident was also shown at a press conference held by the three associations on Monday. The doctors said if their demands were not conceded immediately, they would be forced to resort to agitation. A complaint has been filed with the SSP office by Sinha in this regard, IMA state secretary Dr Rajiv Ranjan said.Several prominent doctors of the city, including Dr D K Chowdhary, Dr S L Mandal, Captain (Dr) Vijay Shankar Singh, Dr Basant Singh, Dr Sahjanand Prasad Singh, Dr Sachchidanand Kumar, Dr Ashok Kumar Sinha, Dr Ajay Kumar, Dr Amulya Kumar Singh, Dr Arvind Kumar Sinha and Dr Rakesh Chowdhary were also present at the press meet.When contacted, the Danapur SDO denied the charges and told a different version of the story. \"On the direction of the Patna high court, we had gone to remove encroachments that resulted in waterlogging in the area. We first went to Keshav Hospital (also run by the doctor) and then to Hitech Hospital, but did not ask to see any licence. The doctor, however, refused to cooperate in any way which resulted in heated arguments but there was no manhandling or demand of money,\" he said.\"The doctor wants to divert the attention from the main issue that his hospital is built on encroached land,\" he alleged and claimed that the CCTV footage being shown by the doctor was edited to suit his version. \"The doctor had reported that his ear was injured due to slapping and suffered hearing loss. But, he immediately called mediapersons after the incident where he appeared fit and fine,\" he claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17124117", "title": "Tillari closure will not affect Bardez water supply: PWD", "text": "PANAJI: The PWD has sought to dispel apprehensions in the minds of citizens that the stoppage of Tillari water will severely hit water supply to Bardez.Senior PWD engineers told TOI that the PWD has arranged for enough alternative sources of raw water to feed the Assonora water treatment plant and that water supply to Bardez is on par with what it was before the Tillari closure. The supply of raw water from Tillari has been stopped till November 30 due to maintenance work on the dam and on the canal. The Tillari dam supplied almost 120 MLD (million litres per day) raw water to Assonora water treatment plant.To make up for the shortfall, the PWD has fitted three pumps on the Assonora river to pump 90MLD water to the plant. While 10MLD raw water is being pumped to Assonora from the Padoshem plant in Bicholim, 5MLD treated water is also being diverted from Padoshem to Assonora. Another 10MLD raw water is also being pumped from the Amthane dam. The impact of the Tillari closure is minimal and PWD is maintaining the water supply to Bardez at the pre-closure level, engineers said.There were fears that tail-end villages like Calangute and Porvorim may suffer from acute water shortage, but department engineers insisted that water supply is normal and that they have not received complaints from people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17122921", "title": "Transport dept to act against illegal autos", "text": "KOLKATA: State transport minister Madan Mitra on Tuesday indicated that officials of his department will carry out checks to identify illegal autos plying in the city. The proposed meeting with auto operators from South 24-Parganas, south Kolkata and Howrah was rescheduled to Wednesday as the minister was busy with preparations for chief minister Mamata Banerjee's programme at the Kshudiram Anushilan Kendra in the evening.On Monday, after a meeting with operators from north Kolkata and North 24-Parganas, Mitra had said that the government wished to bring parity in the fare structure. The minister, however, wasn't able to say what his department proposed to do to check the large number of illegal autos plying across the city. \"May be, we will have to get down on the streets to keep a check on autos,\" Mitra said on Tuesday.After the government agreed to increase taxi fares and restructured bus fares, auto operators started demanding a hike. But the problem with autos is that they don't have a fare structure. Mitra has asked the unions from south Kolkata and South 24-Parganas to submit their fare charts to local police stations.According to sources in the transport department, the government is concerned with the large number of complaints received from auto-rickshaw passengers. While some complain against overcharging, most report misbehaviour by drivers. In a recent incident, a software professional employed by a television channel was thrashed by an auto-rickshaw driver after he protested against the latter's antics on the road. The driver was arrested from Behala later. In many cases though, errant drivers remain untraced as their vehicles aren't registered.\"After lying low for a while, the errant drivers shift to another route. There are so many autos in any particular route that even operators can't keep in touch with each other. Registered operators have complained that their reputations suffer after such 'flying drivers' commit a crime and leave,\" a source in the transport department said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "17121534", "title": "Chief minister promises compensation to ryots", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Promising to come to the aid of rain-hit farmers in the state, chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy said that the government will take all steps to disburse crop compensation to tenant farmers. He said that a separate enumeration will be done to identity the tenant farmers so that they can be given the compensation amount in place of the original land owners.Speaking to reporters at Gannavaram airport on Tuesday before rushing to Khammam and Godavari districts, the chief minister said that the tenant farmer was the biggest loser due to the heavy rain and floods in about 10 districts.\"Although, there are certain hurdles in handing over the crop compensation directly to the tenant farmer, we are hopeful of overcoming them by conducting a separate listing. We will be giving priority to the tenant farmer than the landlord as the lease holder is the one who has lost the entire crop,\" the chief minister.Kiran Kumar Reddy said the administration in all the districts had done everything possible to prevent loss but certain things were beyond their control. \"It is a fact that the loss was very heavy as the rain battered the state in an unexpected way,\" he said.He added that he would review the situation with senior officials after the loss enumeration is completed and take a decision to alleviate the farming community. The chief minister said he had already directed the officials to take proper care during the enumeration of losses and disbursement for compensation. He also promised to provide permanent solution for the frequent inundation of Vijayawada city. to the Budameru trouble to free Vijayawada city from frequent inundation.He said that the government was prepared to spend any amount for this and added that a decision on allocation of funds for upgrading Budameru would be taken very shortly. Revenue minister N Raghuveera Reddy, agriculture minister Kanna Lakshminarayana and several other ministers were present.Before leaving for the aerial survey of Godavari and Khammam districts, the chief minister reviewed the situation with the officials and MLAs at Gannavaram airport. He directed the officials to complete the enumeration soon so that they could submit a detailed loss report to the centre. He told the legislators that he would be talking to the Centre to request the Cotton Corporation of India to purchase the damaged cotton and to the Food Corporation of India (FCI) to buy discolored paddy from the farmers. He asked the district collectors to interact with the scientists from university of agriculture and take their feedback to protect the crops that survived from the rains. He asked the irrigation officials to take steps to prevent losses during such calamities by preparing perfect 'fire-fighting' measures. District collector Budhaprakash M Jyothi explained about the damage that affected the district. TDP MLA Devineni Umamaheswara Rao said that there was no solution for floods inundating the city as long as modernization of Budameru was pending. The CM asked the engineer-in-chief to personally monitor the works.MLAs Dasari Balavardhan Rao, Malladi Vishnu, Vellamapalli Srinivas urged the CM to grant funds for modernization of all the drains in the city. Ministers Kanna Lakshminarayana, Sudershan Reddy, Raghuveera Reddy, Botsa Satyanarayana, Pithani Satyanarayana were present at the review.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17121100", "title": "Patrons flock to eateries named after social networking sites", "text": "RANCHI: Roadside vendors in Jharkhand seem to be in the grip of social networking fever as well. In Jamshedpur, the largest urban locality in the state, a roadside vendor has named his stall Facebook Fast Food. In the Maoist-hit district of Palamu too the Facebook mania rides high. A roadside vendor has named his shop Facebook Food Corner. The vendors say not only do these names draw them huge number of customers, they have also become the talk of the town. The Jamshedpur vendor has even mentioned 'Online time' and 'Offline time' at his shop indicating the opening and closing time of the stall.A BCom graduate Deepak Kumar, who runs the Facebook Fast Food stall in Jamshedpur, said, \"I have started the business just a month ago. I have used the same background to write Facebook as the popular networking site uses.\" Addicted to social networking sites, Kumar hit upon the idea and opened the shop immediately. The shop runs in Baridih locality of Jamshedpur where Tata Steel workers' quarters are situated in large numbers.The shop garners a lot of interest among customers and passers-by. \"Every commuter on Baridih-Tinplate road stops by to inquire about my shop. They are all curious and many even try my food,\" said Kumar.This apart, the shop offers more as it has popular web names as its items on the menu card. \"The menu includes Skype chowmein, Orkut rolls, Twitter rice, Google Talk chilly chicken and You Tube soup,\" said Jitendra Chaudhary, who helped Kumar open the shop.Though small the shop does brisk business. \"Everyday I do business of Rs 1500 on an average. In just one month I have got overwhelming response from the locals. It draws mostly youths who love to eat fast food,\" said Sunil Kumar, another staffer.Alok Rai, a regular customer of the shop, said, \"It's exciting because the shop is different from the typical food stalls such as 'Jharkhand Fast Food' and 'Rajesh Chat' named either after the state or the owner. It sticks to your mind while other names fade away.\"A similar shop opened in Daltonganj 15 days ago. \"I had been to Chandigarh and seen such a shop there. From there came the inspiration and I opened my stall. It's running wonderfully,\" said Mannu Singh, the owner of Facebook Food Corner.Singh, who runs it with a group of staffers, is a graduate from Ranchi University and loves the social networking sites. \"I want to create a profile of the shop on Facebook and popularize it through the social networking site,\" said Singh. Even in terms of business, the social networking site is helping Singh. \"The average business every day goes up to Rs 6000. The shop is situated in the heart of the city and thus a large number of youths flock to our shop,\" said Sandeep Kumar , a staffer at Facebook Corner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17122288", "title": "No police patrolling at night makes area unsafe: Locals", "text": "MUMBAI: Perry and Perry Cross roads might be a posh locality, with celebrities such as Sachin Tendulkar , Rakhee, Gulzar, Genelia D'Souza and Dino Morea staying there, but the lack of police patrolling at night and the security guards' casual approach have made the neighbourhood an easy target for robbers.Even a police control room (west) in the area does not seem to be a deterrent to criminals. Last week, Dino Morea's home on Perry Road was burgled. but within hours, the robber was traced with the help of trackers on the actor's stolen mobiles. The robber has turned out to be the same person who allegedly raped the Spanish woman on Monday.\"If it's true, then I don't know why he was let out in the first place. He was a seasoned thief. He had entered my bedroom through the toilet window, when I was fast asleep. I was in a daze and tried to hit him with a bottle. He escaped through the bathroom window. But the cops had nabbed him. Luckily for me, the thug had stolen my two I-phones and we could trace him,\"said Morea.Before that, just two months ago, two incidents of burglaries were reported in Joseph's Corner and Favourite building, both on Perry Cross Road. \"We have written to the authorities complaining of gangs roaming the streets on motorbikes at night. BMC properties such as road signs, traffic signs, metal tree guards have been robbed. The civic sweeping staff, who work at night, say the boys came in autos around 3am to 5am and make away with whatever they can find. Late in the night, there is no police patrolling of our area,\" said Anil Joseph, chairperson of Perry Road Residents' Association.Some residents also complained that often, the private guards dozed off at night as they worked double-shift and would be too tired to keep a watch.Incidentally, the police control room (west) region and additional commissioner's office gets its due abode in the same area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "17123833", "title": "Police sub inspectorsuspended", "text": "PALANPUR: N P Chhaya, a police sub inspector of Palanpur taluka, was suspended for being lax towards carrying out his duty in implementing the Prohibition Act in the areas under his jurisdiction, said Banaskantha superintendent of police, Ashok Kumar , on Tuesday. Chhaya was found negligent in busting the illicit liquor making units that were operating in his areas, Kumar said. On November 4, Antroli village was raided and 16 liquor making units were unearthed. At least 168 litres of country-made liquor, 8,840 litres of raw liquor worth Rs 42,000, a motorcycle and materials used for making liquor were seized from the spot. tnnAbout 16 cases under the Prohibition Act were registered against 16 accused in this connection\", Kumar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "17120953", "title": "CPI(ML) activists disrupt traffic", "text": "SINDRI: Traffic on the Baliapur-Jharia road remained disrupted for nearly 90 minutes on Tuesday following a road blockade by CPI(ML) activists near Kusumatand. The agitators were demanding ban on plying of heavy earth moving vehicles transporting coal on the Jharia- Baliapur road as these vehicles were causing more accidents. Repairs of the Kusumatand-Patheridh station road, Surunga-Paharigora road and other village roads were prominent among other demands of the party.The blockade was lifted after Baliapur CO Surendra Kumar and Baliapur police station OC A K Singh assured them make their demands known to higher officials and take corrective measures within a week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17124328", "title": "3 more die in petrol bomb attack case", "text": "MADURAI: Three more people, who were injured in the petrol bomb attack on October 30, died at a private hospital in Madurai taking the death toll to six. A few communitarian groups have called for a bandh in southern Tamil Nadu on Wednesday to protest the deaths and Madurai district administration has announced a holiday for schools in the district.The victims were returning from Pasumpon after participating in the Muthuramalinga Thevar Guru pooja at Pasumpon in Ramanathapuram district on October 30 when a gang hurled petrol bombs on the van near Madurai. While three people died on Sunday, two more died on Monday night and one person succumbed to injuries on Tuesday. Fourteen others are undergoing treatment at the Government Rajaji Hospital (GRH) and various private hospitals. Police said that other than people from the Thevar community, the injured also included two dalits and three non-dalits. All the victims hailed from S Puliangulam village, about 20 km from Madurai.Chief minister J Jayalalithaa has condoled the deaths of the victims and announced a relief of Rs 5 lakh to each of the families of the victims.State ministers, Sellur K Raju and Natham Viswanathan visited Puliankulam village later in the evening and consoled the relatives. They also handed over the compensation cheques to the families and assured government jobs for one of the kin of the deceased.Soon after the news of deaths spread, a large number of villagers from Puliangulam and members of Thevar outfits gathered at the government hospital. The deaths spread fear of a backlash and additional police force was deployed in the city, as well as other sensitive pockets.The deceased were identified as M Thesinguraja, 19 and R Ranjithkumar, 20, who died on Monday night and S Vishnupriyan, 20, who died on Tuesday. As their bodies were brought to the government hospital for postmortem on Tuesday morning, the villagers, who had gathered in large numbers in front of the mortuary, jumped into a protest refusing to take the bodies. They demanded immediate arrest of the culprits and also sought enhanced compensation to the families. As the police had witnessed a similar situation on Sunday after three people died, heavy police force was deployed in the hospital premises and three SP's V Balakrishnan (Madurai), T Jayachandran (Dindigul) and Asra Garg (Dharmapuri) were camping there.The police also held talks with representatives of various Thevar outfits who agreed to receive the bodies after the officials assured that their demands would be passed on to the state government. Even as the bodies were taken, the villagers threatened shops in the vicinity to shut down. The tension continued in Puliangulam village where stones were pelted at the police vehicles and one constable sustained minor injuries. The police used mild force to control the villagers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17121592", "title": "Basheerbagh firing: CID set to file chargesheet", "text": "HYDERABAD: After 12 years, Crime Investigation Department (CID) sleuths are all set to file a chargesheet in the infamous Basheerbagh firing incident. Police had opened fire on demonstrators protesting the then Telugu Desam Party (TDP) government's controversial decision to hike power tariff.According to CID sources, Communist Party of India (CPI) national general secretary Suravaram Sudhakar Reddy, Communist Party of India (Marxist) state general secretary BV Raghavulu and Congress MLC and AICC secretary Ponguleti Sudhakar Reddy would be named as accused in the chargesheet. In all likelihood, the chargesheet might be filed either on Wednesday or Thursday.The CID sources said two separate cases were registered in connection with the Basheerbagh incident and 28 persons would be named as accused.In August, 2000, protesters had tried to take out a rally towards assembly from Basheerbagh protesting the government's decision to hike power tariff. After failing to stop the thousands of agitators, police had opened fire on agitators in which two persons -- Bala Swamy and Rama Krishna -- died after suffering bullet injuries. Head constable Kisar suffered grievous injuries when he was attacked by protesters, while 119 other policemen had suffered minor injuries in the incident.The investigators took 12 years since a petition was pending in the High Court till 2010. The AP High Court had transferred the case from the Hyderabad police to the Crime Investigation Department (CID) in 2010. The accused would be facing charges of arson, promoting enmity and other sections under the Indian Penal Code (IPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17123714", "title": "Rs 6.49L gutted as thieves try to cut ATM vault in Sagar", "text": "BHOPAL: Cash amounting to Rs 6.49 lakh is feared to have been gutted as a Central Bank of India's ATM located at a rural branch in Sagar district caught fire while thieves were trying to cut open the vault using gas cutter early on Tuesday morning.The incident took place on Tuesday early morning between 2 am and 3 am at the ATM counter of Shahgarh branch, some 80 km from district headquarters.\"Engineers are trying to open the vault to ascertain the actual loss,\" A S Tiwari, bank's area general manager (Sagar) told TOI. He said the fire incident was reported by the owner of the building, which houses the ATM counter.The ATM was filled with around Rs 6.50 lakh cash, there is hardly any chance of it being safe, said the officer adding that the accused used gas cutters to cut open the vault, but to no avail.The plastic inside the dispenser caught fire because of the flames and the cash was gutted, said police. The ATM's security guard was not on duty at the time of the incident, they said. When questioned, he said that he had gone to his house for meals around midnight. He had downed the shutter and locked it before going home.The thieves, however, managed to enter the ATM counter by breaking open the locks, said police. The accused also snapped the cables of CCTV camera inside the ATM counter.The hard disks of the CCTV camera also got damaged after water used by the villagers to douse the fire fell on the hard disks. Investigators are trying to recover the images of the accused from it, said the bank officials.Engineers of Tata Communications Banking InfraSolutions (TCBIL) that has got the contract for maintaining and managing the ATMs have rushed to the site to open the vault.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17124531", "title": "Mining ban hit MPT to offer VRS to employees", "text": "PANAJI: With mining operations in Goa halted since September, Mormugao port trust is looking to reduce its workforce and is introducing a special voluntary retirement scheme for its employees.MPT has around 2,800 employees on its rolls and 4,000 pensioners, and being one of India's most profitable ports doesn't have a history of seeking financial help. Its takings from iron ore export amounted to 75% of its annual revenue.Speaking to TOI, MPT chairman P Mara Pandiyan admitted MPT is in a financial crisis due to the current mining imbroglio and that revenue is expected to fall further. MPT generates revenue of 300 crore from the mining industry and 100 crore from other traffic. It has approached the central government for an urgent financial package of 100 crore to continue port operations.Currently, MPT revenue is down to 10 crore per month, leading to a shortage of around 14 crore to be disbursed as salaries.MPT requires 23 crore monthly for salaries and pensions. It is also facing a monthly shortage of around 15 crore on capital expenditure.The port's monthly earnings were 23 to 28 crore when mining operations were on.Pandiyan met MPT unions and discussed the SVRS provisions with them. \"The unions have given their consent to the scheme. We now have to plan a 'wonderful' scheme,\" Pandiyan said. The SVRS proposal will come up for discussion and approval at MPT's board meeting on Friday.\"Once the board approves the SVRS, MPT will send the proposal to the Union ministry for its final nod,\" Pandiyan said. He added that MPT might have to borrow to implement the scheme. MPT hopes that over 200 staffers will opt for the scheme.At present, only four of the port's berths are in operation. Berth 8 handles liquid cargo such as petrol, diesel and ammonia, berths 5 and 6 handle coal, and berth 10 handles other commodities.\"To increase revenue, we are in talks with trade associations from Hubli and Belgaum, to export those commodities through Goa,\" Pandiyan said.MPT has also cleared export of wheat by food corporation of India (FDI) but doesn't expect this to lead to much revenue generation. \"It is a seasonal commodity,\" Pandiyan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17122097", "title": "I&B; sets March 31 deadline for 38 more cities to go digital", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the first phase of digitization almost complete, the Centre has turned its attention to 38 cities in 15 states that will have to shift from analog to digital addressable systems.The next stage will predominantly focus on Maharashtra which includes nine cities, Uttar Pradesh (7) and Gujarat (5) that must shift to digital system by March 31, 2013.In a meeting on Tuesday information and broadcasting secretary Uday Kumar Varma reviewed the preparedness for the next stage. The I&B; ministry has already written to chief secretaries of states asking them to appoint representatives and will soon review data submitted by the multi-system operators (MSOs).As on November 5, 22.4 lakh set top boxes (STBs) have been installed in Mumbai, 25.15 lakh in Delhi, whereas in Kolkata 17.74 lakh STBs have been installed. The matter is sub-judice in the Madras High Court about Chennai. About 29 lakh subscribers have DTH connections in the four metro cities.Ministry's teams have also visited several homes to interact with people and to take a direct feedback about the running of analogue signals.The government has asked MSOs to make a thorough assessment of the number of STBs, taking into consideration credible data from the ground level. MSOs have also been asked to provide information about the estimated number of STBs and their plans for procurement of the boxes to ensure that the March deadline is met.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17124035", "title": "Mumbai duo accused of cheating", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A trader has accused a father-daughter duo from Mumbai of cheating him of Rs 8.12 lakh in a complaint filed with the Gujarat University police station. The duo has not paid the money after receiving a delivery of 42 laptops.Maurya Shah, a resident of Vastrapur, owns a laptop store near Memnagar. He came in touch with Pooja Zaveri who while attending a social function in Mumbai in 2011. Zaveri had told Shah she ran a business of selling laptops and servicing them and the two started dealing with each other.After getting the initial orders and payments by angadia,Shah started supplying laptops to the Mumbai firm, owned by Pooja Zaveri and her father Anil. She first placed an order for 23 laptops on June 30 and then asked for another 25 on July 18. The total amount came to Rs 12.12 lakh. Pooja sent only Rs 4 lakh. tnnand promised to pay the remaining amount soon,\" said a police officer.Shah has told the police that he did not get the remaining amount despite making several attempts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17121076", "title": "Gold sales ride Dhanteras wave", "text": "RANCHI: Despite soaring price of gold, jewellers are expecting a boom in the sale of the yellow metal during the Dhanteras on November 11. Various jewellers are planning to introduce special offers for Dhanteras. Mayank Arya of Vrinda Jewellers said, \"We have already started booking for Dhanteras and many customers are availing it. We will announce special offer in a day or two.\"Kshitij Chaudhary, a jewellery said, \"This is the season of sales. Despite the price hike of gold and silver, we are expecting more customers as buying these metals on Dhanteras is considered auspicious.\" Housewife Pragati Thakur agreed, \"I make sure to buy it on Dhanteras as it is said that buying it on that particular day increases the wealth in family,\" she said.Many people who are unable to buy gold will opt for silver jewellery and the owners of silver jewellery shops are also hoping for a better prospect. Ankit Aggarwal, the owner of Ranchi Jewellers, said, \"This year the sale has not been very good due to price hike. Silver has always been the second preferred choice after gold and this year as the gold has become costlier, we are expecting more customers for silver.\" Many people are also planning to buy utensils made of brass and copper due to high price of gold. Kalawati Devi, a housewife said, \"I will just be buying a brass plate and glass as my budget this year is not high.\"Some people are also planning to buy electronic gadgets, especially induction cookers and microwave ovens after the government's decision of six subsidized LPG cylinders for each household. \"Since the government limited the number of subsidized gas cylinders to six, I have been planning to buy an induction cooker. As buying something on Dhanteras is considered auspicious, I will buy an induction cooker,\" said Manoj Lal, an employee of a private firm. Many are also considering buying cars this Dhanteras. Sales person of a leading car dealer, Mohd Maqsood said, \"Many bookings have already been made and more than 10 customers are coming to us everyday to enquire about their favourite brand.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17123560", "title": "Mobile phone apps that help you lead a healthy life", "text": "BHOPAL: If you mindful of your calorie intake during this festive season, a mobile phone application with you might be your best guide. With marked improvement in technology, health and fitness mobile application can assess nutrition values of food, manage exercise schedules and track workouts, calculate calorie intake and burn.Tarun Mehta and his peers, compare their morning workouts on their GPS-enabled mobile handsets. The application collects data and as Mehta jogs, it beams real-time data to his friends who use the same application. Using a pro version of the endomondo sports tracker he said, \"It is remarkable and helped me track my fitness schedule and location. I just plug the ear piece, the app streams real time peptalks from my friends.\"Besides exercise, mobile devices offer real-time ways to assess one's health and information on the go. Says a 23-year-old Smita Sharma, who has installed a weight manager app, said, \"It makes sensible to monitor my weight just ahead of my wedding day in January.\"Maintaining a diary on food intake is a tough ask for many. However, mobile applications monitor the exercise schedules and diet plans. \"It works like a personal assistant,\" said Aarti Singh, a housewife. \"I am not very frequent, but whenever I want to know the calorie intake or nutrition values, I turn to my smartphone,\" she added.\"Responsible food selection and eating are serious issues during the festive season and many are turning towards mobile applications for help,\" said a city-based dietician Amita Singh. \"If it makes them health, why not,\" she added.Medical uses of such applications aren't far either. \"It might be a little far-fetched but applications to monitor heart rate and then beam your ECG reading to a doctor are available but still not reliable,\" said Dr Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17122991", "title": "Cops probing activist murder transferred", "text": "KOLKATA: Kalyan Banerjee and Sandip Ganguly, two CID homicide wing officers investigating the murder of environmental activist Tapan Dutta, have been transferred. While Banerjee has been made the Contai court inspector, Ganguly has been given a posting in Cooch Behar.The government orders, however, termed these as \"routine transfers\". \"Every officer of the CID's homicide wing is in charge of some high-profile murder cases. It is wrong to find meaning in every transfer,\" a CID officer justified. The court is at present hearing a writ petition filed by Dutta's widow Pratima, seeking a CBI enquiry.However, the Tapan Dutta murder case has reasons to be singled out for unlike others, here allegations had been leveled against a senior Trinamool minister. The CID's faux pas in naming the minister in its original chargesheet (but not implicating him) and later dropping his name in their supplementary chargesheet has indicated some sloppy investigation. The minister had repeatedly dubbed these as efforts to malign him.Ironically, Tapan was the Trinamool Youth Congress president then. He was spearheading a movement to resist the illegal filling up of the 750 acre of wetland - Jaipur Bill - at Bali-Jagacha. The day he was gunned down, he had gone to the Bally police station to seek permission for a protest meeting. His widow Pratima claims, \"In the original chargesheet filed by the CID, it was said that there was a long standing enmity among the deceased and some of the TMC leaders of the area over the issue of ash filling of Suti canal and Haral canal and other two canals for Anmol South City Project - a joint collaboration (real estate project) with WB Govt. The deceased formed an organisation named Jalabhumi Bachao Committee to prevent the filling up ponds. The other TMC leaders of the area including a minister in state government tried to influence the deceased by money and other means but failed. Then opponents formed a syndicate.\" In the supplementary charge-sheet filed on September 26, 2011, the CID stated \"there is no evidence against some crucial persons including the minister''. The first chargesheet was filed when the Mamata Banerjee government was firmly in the saddle.A senior Public Prosecutor questions, \"The reference in the initial chargesheet on the minister was formed on the basis of a few 161 CrPC statements made to police. If any allegations were being made out it should have been investigated first and then mentioned in the chargesheet. The defence will anyway dig out loopholes. Why make it easier for them? To overcome this perhaps, the supplementary chargesheet was filed. By then the damage has been done.\" To compound matters more, after the August 30 chargesheet last year, DGP (CID) V.V.Thambi had told reporters that the Arup Ray mentioned in the chargesheet isn't the minister but someone else. The supplementary chargesheet was filed the next day. Pratima alleges the CID probe doesn't inspire any hope and so she has sought for CBI investigations. \"I have also appealed that the trial be shifted out of Howrah,\" she said.The question now doing the rounds in CID's Bhawani Bhawan headquarters is - why are two officers being made the fall guys?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17124011", "title": "Bacteria in glucose bottles, chemists told to discard stock", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The heavy influx of pharmaceutical products in the market has only led many companies to cut corners by compromising on the quality of medicines. This is what the food and drugs control administration (FDCA) has realized while testing various commonly available drugs over the counter.On Tuesday, the Gujarat FDCA beamed SMSs to a number of chemists around the state after it found more than permitted dead remnants of bacteria or bacterial endotoxins in a particular batch of intravenous glucose solution, an antiseptic cream which had just a fraction of anti-septic than what was claimed on the cover and a so called sterile infusion set-ducts used for injecting medicine fluids into body, showed presence of bacteria.The FDCA has ordered immediate withdrawal of the questionable medicines and devices from the market.The FDCA offices in Porbander and Ahmedabad collected samples of these medicines. The alerts were sent for Accu-Drip infusion sets manufactured by PH Medisurge in April, Cefloxin antiseptic skin cream manufactured by Pee-Medica in November last year and Dextrose Inj, manufactured by Nirma limited in the month of June this year.\"The alerts were for a particular batch of medicines of these companies. The tests do not indicate that the company manufactures sub-standard drugs.\"For instance, in the Dextrose solution we found that the water used for preparing the injectible glucose was not of standard purity and one saw dead remnants of bacteria above the permissible limit,\" says food and drugs commissioner HG Koshia.Similarly in the anti septic cream, Koshia claims that just 0.018 per cent of ciprofloxacin medicine was present in 1 gram of cream and not 0.5 per cent as claimed by the company on the cover.In case of the infusion set, the FDCA found bacteria on the ducts. \"The commonly used infusion set ducts are supposed to be sterile as it's a devise used for inserting medicinal and nutritional fluids from bottles into the body.\"The presence of bacteria only shows that there was something wrong with their packing methodology,\" says Koshia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17122028", "title": "After faulty transformers, PCL pays for faulty meters", "text": "LUCKNOW: After faulty transformers, spotlight is on companies supplying allegedly defective meters to UP Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL). Indicted by the Indian Institute of Technology Kanpur for supplying poor quality meters, the UPPCL has received positive report from a Delhi-based laboratory about the meters. The meter companies were on the radar of chief minister Akhilesh Yadav who had asked UPPCL to blacklist companies supplying poor quality material or devices.Payments for two companies supplying electric meters-Genus and HPL-were also cleared by UPPCL on October 24. While Rs 1.10 crore was cleared for Genus, Rs 1.17 crore was sanctioned for HPL.According to the IIT report dated July 3, (TOI has a copy of the report), the meters of the two companies were \"not working\" as per requisite standards (IS-13779). It was following this report that UPPCL, on July 13, initiated proceedings to blacklist the two companies. The move came within days of chief minister Akhilesh Yadav asking the corporation top brass to give adverse entry to the companies.The UP electricity regulatory commission (UPERC) chipped in within a month and its state advisory committee, on August 9, sought the IIT report on the quality of meters. But the corporation did not send the report. The UPERC sent a reminder on August 28 but the corporation did not budge or not blacklist the companies.It seems the UPPCL actually had different plans. By month-end, samples of the meters were sent to another laboratory, the New Delhi-based Electronics Regional Test Laboratory (ERTL). The laboratory, in its report on September 26 (TOI has a copy of the report), said the meters of HPL and Genus were functioning \"satisfactorily'' and were \"meeting the requirements of the applicable standard/specification IS:13779/1999\". Interestingly, the laboratory report came with a rider: \"'Uncertainty has been taken into consideration while declaring results of the parameters in the test report.\" The move to get the tests redone raises the moot question -why were the tests conducted by IIT Kanpur when its report was not to be followed? While UPPCL chairman, A K Gupta was unavailable for comment, UPPCL sources said it was at the instance of IIT that tests were conducted by a National Accreditation Board for Testing and Calibration Laboratories (NABL), which the ERTL happened to be.The two companies, over the last five years during the BSP rule, supplied over 20 lakh meters to different distribution companies for installation in residential/commercial properties. While a single-phase meter costs around Rs 1,000 a piece, the three phase meter costs around Rs 4,000. On an average, the two companies supplied meters worth nearly Rs 300 crore to different distribution companies.The quality of the meters has in fact came under UPPCL scanner even before reports of their malfunctioning came in. The report from MD Paschimanchal, Manoj Singh on January 1, 2011 had informed duly the then UPPCL chairman cum managing director Navneet Sehgal about problems found in the meters. Singh had told the UPPCL chief that the meters were tripping repeatedly following which the utility was incurring losses and cases of power theft rising.The UPPCL looked the other way and went on installing the same meters for reasons best known to the then senior officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17122970", "title": "Theft at Cong MLA's house, 47 chairs gone", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Thieves stole 47 plastic chairs from the house of Congress MLA Jagmohan Singh Kang in Sector 18 on Monday night. The incident took place between 9.30pm and 5.30am and it came to light when one of Kang's family members stepped out into the lawn only to find that all the chairs kept there had gone.The theft happened despite Kang's security comprising Punjab policemen being posted outside his house.The complaint was lodged by head constable Gurmukh Singh, who is part of the MLA's security. Police sources said chairs were spread all over the lawn, while adding that it could be the handiwork of more than two persons. Inspector Harjeet Kaur, SHO of the Sector 19 police station, said an FIR has been registered and the matter is being investigated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "patna/purnia", "code": "17124130", "title": "Purnia back on air map", "text": "PATNA/PURNIA: Purnia was put back on the air map of the country after 34 years when the 9-seat Spirit Air aircraft flew passengers from the Chunapur defence airport, 10km from the divisional headquarters, to Patna on Tuesday.The Spirit Air Private Limited, in association with Bangalore-based Door to Door Services Limited (DTDS), started the non-scheduled flight services on Kolkata-Patna-Purnia and Purnia-Patna-Kolkata routes. The flights would be operated twice a week on this route. The company is also keen to start Patna-Gaya non-scheduled flights soon.Air Force wing commander (WC) Viswajeet Kumar gave the green signal to the maiden flight in a jubilant atmosphere at the 11,000-foot-long Chunapur runway. \"There could be no better Diwali gift than this,\" said V K Srivastav at the terminal.WC Kumar said he would try his best to turn the airport into a \"full-fledged air terminal\" for direct flights to New Delhi and other destinations in the country.\"The bi-weekly Kolkata-Patna-Purnia and Purnia-Patna-Kolkata flights would operate every Tuesday and Saturday, to begin with. If there is a positive response, its frequency will be increased,\" said Spirit Air personnel manager Sachin Prasad. The flight takes just 50 minutes to fly from Purnia to Patna.DTDS officials said they would fly even with a single passenger in the nine-seat Cessna 208 B Karwan aircraft (C208B). On the first day of their operation, the DTDS had booked all the tickets for Kolkata-Purnia, Purnia-Kolkata flights while seven seats were reserved in Purnia-Patna flight and only four seats were booked in Patna-Purnia flight.Manager (sales), DTDS, Shyamal Chakraborty said, \"We are planning to keep the ticket prices the same at least for next six months. It would be on a 'no-profit, no-loss' basis now.\"Chakraborty said, \"It costs around Rs 25,000 to the company for a single side operation which includes pilot's salary, landing and parking fee, passengers' services and routes and navigational facilitation charges (RNFC). But we will try not to suspend the operation.\"He said there was demand for a flight from Patna to Purnia as a large number of doctors, bank employees and local businessmen move by air. \"We have started the operation with two aircraft and a third one would be coming within six months. The Gaya airport is always busy with international tourists. A survey is going on at Bangkok, Rengun and other Buddhist sites to assess the demand for flights,\" he said.Earlier, DTDS had started a charter flight on the Patna-Jamshedpur-Ranchi route in February. However, it was suspended in June because of poor passengers flow.The SSB (Sashastra Seema Bal) DIG, K P Singh, complimented WC Kumar for restoring Purnia on the commercial air map.Balurghat Airways and Jam Airways used to operate Purnia-Kolkata flight during 1956-58 and 1976-78, respectively. They, however, withdrew their services for want of adequate infrastructure, sources said.Shambhu Nath Jha, whose family's 200 acres of land were acquired for the Chunapur airbase, said, \"I feel proud that the land of my ancestors has now put Purnia on the country's air map.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "17120963", "title": "BJP rubbishes Ajsu charge against Yashwant Sinha", "text": "HAZARIBAG: The Hazaribag district unit of the BJP has reacted sharply to the allegations leveled against the veteran BJP leader and Hazaribag MP Yashwant Sinha at the \"Lok Panchayat' rally by AJSU chief and deputy chief minister Sudesh Mahto and PHED and labour minister Chandra Prakash Choudhury here on Monday.Addressing joint press conference here on Tuesday, BJP district president Raj Kumar Lal, questioned if the condition of roads and drinking water are bad in Hazaribag ,Mahto and Choudhury, who hold these portfolios, are to be blamed as they have not released the necessary funds or cleared the pending projects.Barhi MLA Umashankar Yadav Akela, former Barkagaon MLA Loknath Mahto and Sinha's BD Rukhaiyar who were also present questioned the reasons for holding the Lok Panchayat at Hazaribag.Defending the MP further, the BJP leaders alleged that it was Sinha who had written to the CM for holding a detailed probe into the incidents of land grabbing by land sharks and demanded action against them. Sinha had also demanded holding a CBI inquiry into the matter and save government land from the clutches of the land mafia.Taking serious note of Sinha's letter, the CM directed divisional commissioner Nitin Madan Kulkarni to conduct a probe into the matter, they claimed adding that no prominent BJP members and of any other party have joined the AJSU as claimed by Mahto and Choudhury.The BJP district leaders also threw an open challenge to Chowdhury to contest against Sinha or anyone else from the BJP and win an election from Hazaribag.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17124026", "title": "Lecture on European Union at Goa University", "text": "The department of Portuguese, Goa University (GU), Taleigao plateau, will organize of lecture by Dr Antonio Menezes, former ambassador of the EU, on November 7, from 11am to 1pm, at GU's arts faculty seminar hall, Bock B.Manovikas' state-of-the-art pre-primary block: The Manovikas English medium school in Fatorda will open its own state-of-the-art pre-primary block on November 8. Jose Manuel Noronha, chairman of the school, said that Therese Almeida, founder trustee and director of Manovikas, will inaugurate the Rs 2.90 crore building. The pre-primary block will consist of six large and fully furnished classrooms that would have 30 students each. The classrooms have an attached kitchen for the children to try out recipes and to get themselves acquainted with kitchen gadgets, a dedicated play area, as well as ample 'activity spaces' outside.Ven Fr Agnelo's novenas: The 85th death anniversary of Venerable Fr Agnelo D'Souza will be held on November 20. The novenas to pray for a 'first class miracle' to declare Ven Fr Agnelo a saint by the Roman Catholic church will begin on November 11. Fr Hilario Fernandes, vice-postulator for the cause of the sainthood of Ven Fr Agnelo, has stated that the theme of the celebration is 'Ven Agnelo: An inspiration to live a life of faith, love &amp; hope'. Novena masses will be held in at 5.30am, 6.45am, 8am, 9.15am, 10.30am, 3.45pm, 5pm and 6.15pm (English). Bishop of Belgaum Rev Peter Machado will preside over the high Mass on November 20, at 9.30am. There will be a special anointing of the sick with holy oil on November 16 at 3.45pm, but there will be no Mass at 5pm. A night vigil will be held on November 17 from 9.30pm onwards. There will be a Mass in Tamil on November 18 at 11.30am and in Malayalam at 12.30pm.Free course on 'praying with the gospels': The Jesuit Fathers of Pedro Arrupe Institute, Raia, will organize a free course on the topic 'Praying with the gospels' on November 11 from 3pm to 6pm at the institute. The course is free of charge. For details and registration call on 8805570108, 2776917 or 2858323; or email at deepenyourfaith@gmail.com.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "gadchiroli", "code": "17124462", "title": "Dark age looms", "text": "GADCHIROLI: The government was keen to use industry and power to turn the wheels of fortune for the tribal district of Gadchiroli where the Naxal guerillas had been thwarting the state-owned establishments and its institutions.The Reds managed to achieve their goal with a few bombs and bullets leaving the government dilly-dallying despite several crores going down the drain due to poorly implemented schemes.The abandoned structures of closed industrial units in the MIDC area and boards put up by MSEDCL outside the remote hamlets like Pathargota, Tulmel, Yengaon and others stating that the electricity connection to the locality has been 'khandit' or snapped is a shocking reality against the plans prepared in the air-conditioned chambers of bureaucrats seated in Mumbai.Despite the promise of the state home and guardian minister RR Patil, electricity supply has eluded 206 villages in the Naxal affected district. There are 62 villages where power has not reached till date. In the rest of the 144, the supply has been snapped due to non-payment of bills and other issues.Call it government apathy or sheer neglect, Pendhri in Dhanora taluka has been waiting since 20 years for the proposed 33KV sub-station to come up. At present, the village gets power supply from the Gatta sub-station. \"The voltage is low in Pendhri. Around 40 villages ahead of Pendhri too suffer from low voltage,\" said a source from MSEDCL.In another case, the sub-station at 33KV Sawela village in Gadchiroli sub-division was made functional after a two-decade wait. The sub-station's work has been once again interrupted due to developments of technical snag. While touring the district, TOI found the sub-station dysfunctional.In a similar fashion, the 33KV sub-station in Kotgul too has no takers. It was learnt that the contractor, who was supposed to complete the work after the order was issued, did not turn up.A reliable source in MSEDCL said that the rate of electricity consumption in Gadchiroli is equal to that in Pune and Mumbai. In Gadchiroli, the meter reading cannot be done in many interior villages where an average bill is generated. This average bill is often higher than the actual one which is sheer injustice, said the source.\"Once the supply is cut, the penalty needs to be paid. It is a lose-lose situation as we are asking for more money where the consumer is not being able to pay the actual bill amount. So neither the MSEDCL nor the tribals are benefitted,\" he said.The already short-staffed MSEDCL also has a section of disgruntled employees who complain about long distances to cover with travelling allowances at par with metros.If the power is yet to illuminate the district, the ill-developed industry too has kept the prospect of Gadchiroli gloomier.In a bid to kick-start the industrialization of the backward district, the government started various schemes offering subsidies and other sops to entrepreneurs. The various schemes, floated in different years, have failed to bring the industry dashing hopes of employment generation and uplifting the flagging economy here.Except the rice mills and related industries, the others have mostly failed for various reasons apart from the omnipotent Naxal threat which have often led to serious losses to the both private and public properties.It has come to the fore that around 22 units, including that of an ex-minister, have bitten the dust so far. Sources in the district industrial centre (DIC) said that these units have been already provided with subsidies in cash but they failed leading to the loss of the government funds.\"Before 2010, a unit was supposed to remain operational for a minimum 15 years after being selected for the cash-based subsidized scheme. After the new policy in 2011, the unit needed to operate for only five years after the receipt of the last installment of the incentive,\" said a senior DIC official.\"We have initiated recovery process against 13,\" he said. It was also learnt that one of the defaulting unit belonged to the ex-minister.Social worker Chandrashekar Bharange, who had filed queries under the Right to information Act, said that DIC had failed to even state their status of inspection and control over these units. \"Many entrepreneurs took the incentives and left the place after sometime stating that their units have failed,\" he said.Around 109 units were selected in the package scheme of incentives floated in 2001. Eight units have been shut down on paper but TOI found several more in a dilapidated condition. Out of eight, some of the companies did not file returns of even the first year before the DIC which included that of an ex-minister and congress Member of Legislative Assembly (MLA) from Chimur Vijay Wadettiwar's Shiwani Diary products. The unit was provided Rs 35 lakh as an incentive but then it was closed down within a short period. The unit was handed over to another which also failed to operate it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "17123418", "title": "Gamblers held with Rs 23 lakh in cash", "text": "PATIALA: Cops on Tuesday booked gamblers and seized Rs 23 lakh in cash from their possession in Dahia village near Punjab-Haryana border. Those who were caught belong to Rajpura, Khanna, Ambala.All were sitting in groups and were gambling and the godown had taken the shape of a gambling den.\"The organizer of gambling is Ashok Mehta, from Rajpura. He had organized this gambling den in village godown, as cops have increased patrolling in cities on the eve of Diwali. We have information that now gamblers have been searching for places in villages for gambling,\" said Patiala SSP Gurprit Gill.Policemen have seized 10 luxury vehicles too, used by arrested gamblers. Some sources informed that villages located on Punjab-Haryana may serve the purpose of gamblers, as during raids the Haryana-based gamblers could easily escape to Punjab, while Punjabi gamblers to Haryana. Cops have launched a special campaign also to identify some villages located at border, which can be used by gamblers as escape routes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17122189", "title": "1.93L hopefuls appeared for CAT in 21 days", "text": "MUMBAI: The testing window of the common admission test (CAT) for admissions to premier B-schools Indian Institutes of Management (IIMs) finally came to an end on Tuesday, November 6.Around 1.93 lakh appeared for the exam out of the 2.14 lakh registered candidates over the 21-day testing period.According to S S S Kumar, the convenor of CAT 2012, this year the testing experience was quite good.\"Except for some stray cases where there was a switch failure, the test went smooth. Even in these two cases, we managed to reschedule it on time for the students. Also in general people have been happy about the quality and variety of questions this year,\" said S S S Kumar, convenor of CAT 2012.On Monday, a candidate from Chembur who had his centre at Sanpada in Navi Mumbai was not allowed to take his exam over confusion regarding the photo on his identity card. The student managed to produce other documents to prove his identity, but was unable to appear for the test.While Kumar was not informed about this case, he said, \"Our testing sites are quite strict about the photo identity. The ID Policy is very stringent and students have to adhere to it.\"The CAT 2012 results are expected to be announced on January 9, 2013, and candidates will have to log on to the CAT website to view their results.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17122803", "title": "Hakim goes all out for a full house", "text": "KOLKATA: This January, hardly anyone other than invitees and media persons turned up at Bengal Leads, a marquee event that the Mamata Banerjee government had organized at Milan Mela ground to celebrate the state's business potential.Apprehending a similar embarrassing turnout at Bengal Builds that proposes to showcase the state's potential in housing and infrastructure, urban development minister Firhad Hakim has asked the private partner as well as various development authorities to ensure that they get enough people to hang around at Milan Mela grounds during the three-day event to present a busy picture.Unfortunately, the condition outside the Milan Mela ground is anything to write home about with the Park Circus connector waterlogged after light showers and the road at the crucial Paroma Island junction in a shambles. Though several accidents have occurred along the stretch in the past few months and a young IT professional was also killed, the state is yet to take up repair work.\"Apart from putting up a good display, we have to organize manpower to attend the November 29-December 1 conclave. That is top priority since turnout at Bengal Leads was extremely poor and caused a good deal of consternation,\" an official at one of the state agencies said. Though the event, the first interface between developers and government, was initially planned between Kolkata Metropolitan Development Authority (KMDA) and the Bengal chapter of Confederation of Real Estate Developers Association of India (CREDAI), Housing Infrastructure Development Corporation, Nabadiganta Industrial Township Authority, Asansol Durgapur Development Authority, Siliguri Jalpaiguri Development Authority, Haldia Development Authority and West Bengal Highway Development Corporation Ltd have now joined hands with KMDA to partner the project.For the real estate sector, it will present the first opportunity to present their case before the chief minister when she inaugurates the conclave. \"The relationship between the government and the developer community has been largely cold with the former harbouring mistrust about the latter. The general feeling among builders is that the government brands them unscrupulous. We hope this interaction will dispel misconceptions about each other and enable us to partner the government in developing Bengal,\" said a senior official of Confederation of Real Estate Developers Association of India (CREDAI).\"To be fair, the government initially addressed issues promised in manifesto and is now tackling growth issues,\" said CREDAI Bengal president Harsh Vardhan Patodia. The Bengal chapter of CREDAI will participate in the three-day event.Among the issues that the real estate community hopes to engage the government in are land use and conversion as well as land availability; scope of large formatted development without repealing the Urban Land Ceiling Act and growth-oriented policies on township development. \"It is time to create a Bengal-specific business model with ground realities in mind. We at CREDAI are working on a lot of proposals including developments that balances business with provision for economically weaker section. Large format developments can have a built-in social welfare and employment generation component. We have to look at how land valuation can be passed on to land owners and farmers and how social infrastructure can be augmented. Bengal can show the way to inclusive development,\" said CREDAI India past president Santosh Rungta.KMDA will present two proposals for new suburban townships - one near Chandernagore and other near Barrackpore. \"The facility and land use planning has been done. It will be similar to New Town. The government will construct roads as well as drainage and water facilities and private builders will construct housing and other social infrastructure,\" KMDA chief executive Vivek Bharadwaj explained.While the proposed township at Chandernagore will be spread across 16 sq km and have a capacity to house 1 lakh people, the 6.5 sq km town near Barrackpore will accommodate 50,000 residents.These are in addition to the Baruipur township that is currently under way.Unfortunately, the condition outside the Milan Mela ground is anything to write home about with the Park Circus connector waterlogged after light showers and the road at the crucial Paroma Island junction in a shambles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17124361", "title": "Bahrain blast victim's family awaits help", "text": "TRICHY: The death of a 29-year-old man in a bomb blast in Bahrain is a yet another miserable story about Indians going to the Gulf in search of employment.M Thirunavukkarasu, 29, from Thopputhurai village near Vedaranyam in Nagapattinam district was killed in a bomb explosion in Manama on Monday. The news about the end came as a bombshell to his family, relatives and friends. He is survived by his parents Murugaiyan, 65, and Neelavathi, 55, wife Kalaivaani, 29, and two children Rathish, 6, and Keerthi, 2. He was the youngest son of his parents. His elder brother M Sekar, 37, also worked in Manama, as a driver.Thirunavukkarasu belonged to a poor agricultural family. He landed in Manama in 2002 to work as a driver in a private company. Earlier, Sekar was already working as a driver there.T Govindarajan, 63, the maternal uncle of Thirunavukkarasu, was the first one who received a call from Sekar on Monday about the sad end of Thirunavukkarasu. After the news about his death was conveyed to his family, all of his family members and relatives came down to Ayyampettai in Thanjavur district where his wife's parents reside. Since then, the entire village remained sombre. They are awaiting the arrival of the body.\"Despite a job abroad, he was able to send home Rs 10,000 per month. Recently, we met him when he came to his village in August on 15 days' leave. But it is heartbreaking to hear that he is now no more,\" said his uncle Govindarajan, who got his nephews the job in Manama.Govindarajan also said, \"There are about 50 men from Ayyampettai working as drivers, lift operators and masons in Bahrain. When I was working as a foreman in Bahrain between 1983 and 2008, I came across a lot of difficulties like communal violence and war. But our financial crisis did not let us leave Bahrain. Our friends and relatives working there have to bear such problems for our survival,\" lamented Govindarajan.When TOI spoke to Sekar in Manama, he said, \"The support from the Indian embassy is not impressive. My brother's body is kept in a government hospital. After the local court passes an order, the body can be taken.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17124193", "title": "Modernity to replace History", "text": "PANAJI: Work has begun to demolish the pre-Liberation 80m-long Panaji port jetty and to build a brand new 185m-long jetty in its place.Captain of ports James Braganza told TOI that the Panaji jetty is being reconstructed because it is dilapidated and not sufficient for present day needs. He said the jetty reconstruction is estimated to cost around 15 crore and the work will be completed by August 2013. The project is being executed through the Goa state infrastructure development corporation (GSIDC).In addition to the reconstruction of the Panaji jetty, the port department has also submitted a proposal to demolish the jetty-canopy and to build a new two-storied terminal that will include offices and cafeterias.With the reconstruction and expansion of the jetty, it will have bollards with a 20-ton capacity which will allow vessels of lengths ranging from 50m to 150m to berth at the new jetty. The Panaji port jetty generally provides feeder services to ships at outer anchorage by way of stevedores, health officials, customs and immigration officials who go to clear vessels at outer anchorage. Besides other modern amenities, the new jetty will have fixed fire-fighting equipment.The new jetty is expected to help barges in particular as they suffer from an acute shortage of berthing facilities. Barges will be able to use the new jetty for bunkering (fuelling), taking fresh water provisions and executing survey work. Presently, barges have to go all the way to Old Goa or thereabouts for these facilities, sources said.All launches that carry passengers, crew and stevedores to foreign ships at outer anchorage will continue to use the Panaji port jetty. Vessels belonging to the National Institute of Oceanography will also be able to berth here. The construction of the new jetty at Goa's largest non-major port at Panaji is also expected to bring in more revenue for the government.In its new proposal, the ports department has laid out plans to demolish the existing canopy and to build a new two-storied building terminal there. The ground floor of the terminal will have offices for customs, a cabin for ISPS security, waiting lounge, small cafeteria, toilets and an ATM machine. The first floor will have offices for the captain of ports, ISPS cell, immigration, police, fire brigade, launch owners' association, barge owners' association, etc.On the third floor, the proposal suggests space for three cafeterias, with lounge or sitouts overlooking River Mandovi through glass cladding weather-proof walls.The new terminal is expected to cater to the state government's 'futuristic decision' to start interstate passenger ferry service. The government has plans to construct a monorail for smooth passenger transfer from the jetty terminal to the Kadamba bus terminal to avoid traffic congestion. Sources said that a total of Rs 40 crore revenue is expected to be generated annually from the jetty-terminal project, which is double the present revenue.A proposal for a helipad on the terminal building for VIP landings and emergency evacuation has also been made. A cathodic prevention system which involves state-of-the-art technology to control corrosion in splash zone (area on an offshore structure that is regularly wetted by water) will be incorporated in the structure. The terminal project is awaiting the approval of the government and once that is granted, the GSIDC will execute the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17122400", "title": "Women found charred in West Delhi house", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two women were found charred to death under mysterious circumstances inside their house in Rajouri Garden on Tuesday evening. Adding to the mystery is the fact that nothing else in the house has caught fire.Police are trying to determine the cause of the fire. \"We are not ruling out either suicide or homicide as of now and are waiting for the postmortem report,\" said V Renganathan, additional commissioner of police (west).The deceased had been identified as Swarna Kaur (78) and her daughter Balbir Kaur (53). \"The fire was reported around 3.42pm on Tuesday from house No. J-11/129, Mansarovar Garden, in the west Delhi area. Swarna's sons, who are attached with a gurdwara in Rajouri Garden, were not in the house when the fire broke out, cops said.After receiving a call from a neighbour, two fire tenders went to the spot immediately and doused the flames in half an hour,\" a fire service official said. The completely charred bodies were recovered from their room on the first floor of the two-storey house. \"They were taken to a nearby hospital where they were pronounced brought dead,\" the official added.Preliminary investigations revealed that Swarna had lost her husband few years ago and had been staying with daughter Balbir and sons Devender Singh (42) and Dayal Singh (40) \u00e2\u20ac\u201d all of them unmarried.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17121022", "title": "Cheshire Home gift items in great demand", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: It's busy time for the inmates of the Cheshire Home. Within the next one week they will have to be prepared with embroidery greeting cards, candles and colourful matchboxes stocked to meet the bulk order placed by a leading private sector bank.Unlike previous years, there's been an encouraging growth in the business order this year that have come to the institution of the persons with learning difficulties.Cheshire Home in-charge, Sister Clacidia, said, \"The order placed with the institution for making embroidery cards, crackers and colourful matchboxes is considerably high than the previous years and it's encouraging.\"Refraining from divulging the amount of stuff under production she said along with the private bank few ancillary units of Tata Motors in Adityapur have also placed order for the Diwali greetings. Sources from the home said the corporate order for the cards and candles is over 7000 in number.\"It's pleasing to see several of the inmates demonstrating their artistic skills in making various shades of colourful greeting cards,\" said Sister Clacidia.Interestingly, because of inadequate strength the authorities at the institution have not accepted all the orders.\"Not all children are efficient enough to work so we had to turn down few of the orders,\" said the Sister. Apart from the corporate orders, inmates have also produced Diwali items for individual customers but within a limit.Candles of over six different varieties and greeting cards, with an introductory price of Rs 10, are available at the Home for everyone. \"We feel satisfied that our products are in demand and we look forward to the increase in the demand of our products by next Diwali,\" said an inmate, adding that they spent over six weeks in producing the current stock.One of the authorities at the institution said although from the point of view of revenue generation the collection is not huge but, of course, there has been a significant increase in the revenues in the past few years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17123936", "title": "Presence of cubs scared villagers into keeping them away", "text": "INDORE: Chief conservator of forest, Dewas, Vibhash Kumar Thakur, on Tuesday said five cubs, that were found in a village Pipargaon near Dewas, were handed over to the forest department by the villagers for safety reasons.The cubs were brought to the Kamla Nehru Zoo on Momday.Previously, Thakur had informed TOI that they are searching for the mother in the locality. \"We have found the pug marks of the leopard in the locality. She has not abandoned the cubs as she has come back looking for them.\"When asked the reason why villagers took charge and handed over the cubs to the forest department, he said \"The leopard had delivered on a dried lake which is in the centre of the village. The presence of the cubs must have scared villagers into keeping the cubs away.\"The forest department will keep an eye on the area to monitor the behaviour of the mother leopard. \"The separation may make the mother behave aggressively, so we will have the area monitored for next two to three days\" said Thakur adding \"We cannot reunite the cubs with their mother now as she won't accept them now that the cubs have come in human contact. We are going to keep them in the Indore zoo for a while.\"However the zoo in charge Uttam Yadav seems to be concerned about the good health of cubs \"The cubs are doing fine so far. We have arranged for cow's milk from Kshipra. We are also trying to arrange for a goat or a bitch which has given birth to off springs recently to feed these cubs.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17122705", "title": "Chennai policeman turns chain snatcher, held", "text": "CHENNAI: A 35-year-old police head constable was arrested on Monday for snatching a gold chain from a woman at Maduranthakam, around 80km south of Chennai. Police said Ramanathan, who was attached to the armed reserve unit in St Thomas Mount in Chennai, stopped his bike near Parvathi, 30, and asked for an address. When her attention was diverted, he snatched her six-sovereign gold chain and rode away.Parvathi cried out and local residents and passersby caught Ramanathan after a brief chase. He was handed over to the local police station. During inquiries, he said he was a head constable in Chennai.Ramanathan, who joined the police force in 1999, is a native of Tuticorin. A case was registered and Ramanathan remanded in judicial custody on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "17123155", "title": "Alappuzha traffic police get a clean chit from SP", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: Police have put a full stop to the inquiry against the traffic police officials who had \"failed to find\" the spirit stored in a container lorry which was under their custody for six days. The SP and the DSP inquiring into the incident have given them a clean chit without conducting a detailed inquiry.It was inspector general of police (Kochi range) K Padmakumar who had ordered an inquiry after police officials of the Armed Reserve Camp accidently discovered spirit in the container lorry. The lorry had been impounded after it was involved in an accident on October 19 in which a two-wheeler rider was killed on the highway near Thumboli.After the accident, the traffic police moved the container lorry to the AR Camp premises as the traffic police station doesn't have parking space. On October 25, when some policemen in the AR Camp strongly tapped on the container lorry, they heard the sound of water moving inside the vehicle. They also saw water leaking from it. On inspection, they found 6,090 litres of rectified spirit stored clandestinely in the vehicle.DSP C F Robert said: \"The Alappuzha traffic police have done nothing wrong in connection with the spirit case. So we have decided not to take any action against them though we did not conduct a detailed inquiry. We, however, conducted a detailed probe to trace the details of the lorry. But we have not succeeded in tracing the owner or the driver.\"IG Padmakumar told TOI on Tuesday that appropriate action would be taken after getting the SP's report. \"The SP has not submitted the inquiry report to me. I will direct him to submit it as soon as possible,\" he said.Meanwhile, Janasakthi Alappuzha town general secretary Salim Pulimootil said people here had lost faith in police. \"We were sure that the district police chief wouldn't take any action against the traffic cops. Here police are politicians' toys. Officials like former SP C H Nagaraju, who had taken stringent action against erring police officials and politicians, were transferred,\" he alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17123839", "title": "'BJP misusing dhan daan money to break Cong'", "text": "RAJKOT: A day after two Congress councillors in Junagadh joined BJP, state Congress president Arjun Modhwadia accused the saffron party of misusing funds collected through its \"Dhan Daan\" drive to break the opposition by luring its members with money.\"BJP has collected more than Rs 500 crore through dhan daan. But they are using this money to poach Congressmen,\" Modhwadia said addressing a rally in Junagadh.On Monday, two Muslim corporators Shehnaz Qureshi and Razak Mahida resigned from Junagadh Municipal Corporation and joined BJP. Addressing the rally, Congress' campaign committee in-charge Shankersinh Vaghela hit out at CM Narendra Modi for spreading lies.\"Modi has announced various schemes but none of them have materialized. It was Goebbels propaganda. Before the election was declared, he announced various schemes of Rs 80,000 crores but there was no provision in the budget. But people have understood this and they will oust BJP in the polls,'' Vaghela said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17121370", "title": "Book fest for children from November 10", "text": "GUWAHATI: In a bid to throw light on the highly sensitive issue of child rights, the 9th Festival of Books for Children will be organized at the Assam Engineering Institute field, Chandmari, by Anwesha, a literary body, in collaboration with Unicef, Assam.The fest, slated to be held from from November 10 to 18, is not only going to cater to the need of quality books for schoolkids, it has also targeted to generate a massive awareness campaign for child rights' protection through an exhibition. \"There will be a photo exhibition by Unicef to describe the urgent need of protecting child rights in our society. Every child has autonomy and rights which society must protect. From education to health, every child must get the basics. Though we know this but we overlook this aspect,\" said Paresh Malakar, the president of Anwesha.A proposed convention is going to highlight rights of children till 18 years of age concerning their health, legal, education and civil rights. \"We feel that all talks of human development will sound hollow if we don't try to ensure the rights of children,\" he added.Hailing the effort, adviser to Anwesha and former vice-chancellor of Rajib Gandhi University, Meghalaya, Annada Bhagawati pointed at the deteriorating condition of children's literature. \"About 80 per cent of children in the state still go to vernacular schools. But the scene of children's books in Assamese language is dismal. There are not enough books in the knowledge book segment. Those which are there fail to appeal to the inquisitive and imaginative minds,\" said Bhagawati.The organizers will inaugurate the fest with a \"book march\" dedicated to the habit of book reading among youths. \"The unrest in the state is only because of lack of knowledge among people. We believe if every child gets the best of books, the scenario is going to be different and progressive,\" said Bhagawati.At the fair venue, there will be a video conference facility for students who wish to talk to scientists, literatteurs, educationalists and career experts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17123836", "title": "Doctor drowns in Nilambaug pool", "text": "RAJKOT: A 30-year-old radiologist Dr Tahir Bharmal drowned in a swimming pool at Hotel Nilambaug Palace on Tuesday morning.According to police, Bharmal, a resident of Meghdoot Society in Bhavnagar, was rushed to the hospital in an emergency ambulance but died on the way.Bharmal was a regular at the swimming pool. \"Few minutes after he jumped into the pool, a watchman saw him drowning and informed other staff members. He was soon brought out and rushed to hospital. However, he died on the way.\" said Pradeepsinh Jadeja, police inspector, A-division police station.Bharmal was a member of the private health club and his wife is also a doctor. Both practiced at a private hospital in the town. His wife was also present at the club and was playing tennis at that time.\"It was an accident. There is a possibility of cardiac arrest which may have led to his drowning,\" said a police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17121575", "title": "Buyers warned against holding protests", "text": "NOIDA: Considering the increasing instances of protests by Noida Extension homebuyers, which often obstruct traffic and law and order arrangements in the city, the district administration has asked the buyers' association to not to protest in groups. The administration has assured to help settle buyers' problems individually as protests hamper normal city life. However, buyers are calling this move unconstitutional.The city magistrate on Tuesday said that he will not let homebuyers or investors stage a protest against any builder without prior permission taken from the concerned authority. \"If a buyer has any issue with a builder, he/she should resolve it individually by going to the concerned developer's office. If the builder fails to settle their problem, then they can come to the district administration or they have the option to move court. However, they will not be allowed to disturb the law and order,\" said Pushpraj Singh, city magistrate.In the last fortnight, buyers have demonstrated twice at the offices of developers. Deputy SP Triveni Singh said that buyers staged protests without informing the administration. Vijay Trivedi, office bearer of NEFOMA, has called the move of the administration a violation of constitutional rights.After buyers got angry and tried to enter the premises of the developers' offices, the situation became tense and had to controlled with the help of the police.\"We can not allow anybody to disturb law and order in the city. The protest should be peaceful if anybody in the name of protest will try to disturb the law and order, the police will take stringent action against the persons,\" Singh said that if the buyers have problems and the developers have failed to settle, then they have option to move court but nobody will be allowed to take law in their hands.The buyers organization calling the administration move, a violation of constitutional right. \"Conducting peaceful agitation is our constitutional right and we have never taken law in our hands,\" said\"The police and administration officials said that in the name of some buyers we are doing politics for our western interest. There are hundred of home buyers and we do not know how the city administration will settle the buyers problems individually,\" Trivedi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17123285", "title": "Avishkar 2012 kicks off with fanfare at Motilal Nehru National Institute of Technology", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The annual techno-management festival of Motilal Nehru national Institute of Technology (MNNIT), Avishkar 2012, began with much fanfare on Monday. The theme of this edition of Avishkar is \"Ideate, Create and Innovate\".District magistrate Raj Shekhar, who was the chief guest at the function, said, \"Today, the ideas are much mightier than the pen and sword. Avishkar is a great platform for showcasing the talents of the students. It is also a great opportunity to spread awareness and knowledge.\"Prof MM Pant, academician and founder of computer studies, IGNOU; Vineet Rai, Founder of NGO \"Aavishkar\"; Lt Col Sandeep Sharma and an active alumnus of MNNIT addressed the students. Later in the evening, stand up comedian Nitin Gupta, popularly known as Rivaldo , entertained the audience.Over the next four days, Avishkar will see a galaxy of events aimed at boosting the technological and managerial skills inherent in youth and provide them with a unique opportunity to showcase their ideas as well as learn and implement new skills in the field of technology and management.Earlier in the day, an air modelling show was organised on the institute;s football ground by Vijendra Nagar, first batch alumnus of MNNIT Allahabad and currently President of Aero Modellers Association. He also demonstrated some amazing glide models to the students and faculty. He dwelt at length about the technicalities of the planes and how the students could pursue aeromodelling as their hobby.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17124156", "title": "Romeo Mobile fails to check road 'Romeos'", "text": "PATNA: Eve-teasing is still a problem for girls going to schools and colleges despite the fact that Patna police had launched its Romeo Mobile on September 20 this year to curb the menace near educational institutions and on city roads.Four girl students of College of Commerce on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the college principal, Shailendra Singh, regarding eve-teasing at the college gate.According to some of the city girls, eve-teasing at public places is still a common phenomenon. Road Romeos pass lewd and vulgar comments on the girls near schools and colleges.When contacted, Patna SSP Amrit Raj said, \"The Romeo Mobile includes two female constables of the women's police station and one male constable. It keeps moving during school and college hours and visits at least 12 spots every day to keep a tab on the eve-teasers.\"There are hundreds of private and government schools and colleges spread across the city. \"Romeo Mobile is an eye wash only. One such vehicle is definitely insufficient to keep a tab on the 'Romeos'. The boys generally do not come in large groups. Many of them come on two-wheelers with number plates not visible. How the policemen expect us to note down the bike numbers and report to them,\" said Mandvi, a student of College of Commerce.Complaints of policemen's absence around Patna Junction, Chandmari Road, Postal Park, Rajendra Nagar, Kurji, Govind Mitra Road and other parts of the city are coming on a regular basis.But, the Mahila Thana SHO, Mridula KUmari said, \"Ten persons have been arrested so far for eve-teasing since July 3, the day the Mahila Thana was opened.\"\"Girls who ride scooty in the city face more lewd comments. A Romeo Mobile can visit a single spot at a time. What about other girls? We use slangs and become bold to stop such miscreants but wonder what the policemen are doing,\" said Akansha, who lives in a girls' hostel on Khazanchi Road.A senior police official said, \"These days, girls are very smart. But they avoid going to police station for lodging any complaint.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17122253", "title": "Man held for killing wife after quarrel", "text": "PUNE: A 34-year-old driver bludgeoned his wife to death in Pune Cantonment late on Monday night following a petty quarrel. The Bund Garden police have arrested the accused, Vasant Dixit.Senior inspector U N Sonawane said the incident took place around 10.30 pm outside an army officer'sbungalow. \"Dixit and his Shraddha (24) were arguing when, in a fit of anger, she pushed him. Furious at this, Dixit picked up an iron pipe from the roadside and hit Shraddha on the head. Shraddha died on the spot,\" Sonawane said.After murdering Shraddha, Dixit fled to the Mandai area. The Faraskhana police got to know of Dixit's whereabouts after he related the murder to some of his friends , a police officer from the Faraskhana police station said.A team from the Faraskhana police, including sub-inspector Geeta Bagawade and constables Naresh Balsane, Sunil Pawar and Digambar Natu arrested Dixit. He was later handed over to the Bund Garden police for further investigations.Sonawane, who is investigating the case, said Shradha and Vasant got married in 2010 and have a nine-month-old daughter. They had a fight sometimes back and Shradha had left the house and was staying with her parents on Shankarsheth Road. \"On Monday evening, Vasant had visited his in-law's house and had asked Shradha to come with him,\" Sonawane said.The couple had then visited Pune Camp where the incident took place. The police have also booked Shradha's mother-in-law and sister-in-law for allegedly harassing her. \"We are investigating further,\" Sonawane said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17124077", "title": "Court wants Vanzara &amp; Co to be in Mumbai on Nov 9", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Within the next 48 hours, arrested IPS officer D G Vanzaraand other cops accused in Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case will have to head for Mumbai. Judicial magistrate of district court number three in Mumbai has summoned all the accused to remain present on November 9 for commencement of trial. Much to the chagrin of most accused , the trial in the 2005 fake encounter case was transferred to Maharashtra by the SC after the CBI appealed. Based on this order , Gujarat high court has handed over case papers to the HC in Mumbai.This is the first fake encounter case trial to be transferred outside Gujarat. The metropolitan court number 3 has issued summons to 19 suspects including four IPS officers - Vanzara, Rajkumar Pandian, Abhay Chudasma and Dinesh M N. Of these 19, 11 are behind bars and eight are out on bail, which includes former minister of state for home Amit Shah .A CBI officer said, \"The 11 accused who are behind bars will be served summons by the respective jail authorities while we will serve summons to the eight accused who are out on bail, including Amit Shah.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17124313", "title": "'Reduce high general water tax or face protests'", "text": "NAGPUR: The demand to reduce high general water tax being recovered from property taxpayers not having the NMC water connection is on the rise. Former corporator and NCP leader Vedprakash Arya made a representation to mayor Anil Sole and municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane in which he said that it was 'unjust' to collect 40% of general water tax from taxpayers. \"NMC should reduce it or else face agitations,\" he said.NMC used to collect 15% of total general property tax from the taxpayers not having the NMC's water connection. The tax was increased to whopping 40% along with steep hike in water tariff in 2009. Bowing to huge protests, NMC reduced the water tariff but left the increased general water tax untouched. The citizens came to know about the high general water tax when NMC started to collect the tax with retrospective effect in the last year and also this year's property tax bills. TOI highlighted the issue when property tax bills were distributed in September.Leader of ruling party Praveen Datke raised the issue in the last general body meeting and directives were issued to prepare the proposal for reduction in general water tax. According to the data available with the NMC, 1,13,442 of total 4,71,442 property tax payers are paying the high general water tax.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17123507", "title": "15th suspect held in terror module case", "text": "BANGALORE: Almost two months after they cracked two suspected terror modules in Bangalore and Hubli by arresting 14 youths, the Central Crime Branch arrested one more person. Syed Thanzim, 23, allegedly provided the other accused with information about their targets.CCB police said they have been looking for Syed after Shoaib Ahmed Mirza alias Chhotu, one of the 14 suspects, revealed his name during interrogation. Syed was spotted in Vasantnagar by CCB sleuths on Sunday. Syed stays at Jagjeevan Ram Nagar and does construction work on contract.Police commissioner BG Jyothi Prakash Mirji said Syed was a close associate of Chhotu.Senior police officers said Syed was in touch with Chhotu for a long time and on the latter's instructions, did surveillance of prominent personalities the modules planned to eliminate. Police produced Syed before a jurisdictional court on Monday. He was remanded to police custody till November 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "17121546", "title": "Kanakadurga temple drama ends", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Ending the day-long high drama atop Indrakeeladri, the revenue and temple officials finally broke open the lock of the chamber of the executive officer (EO) at Sri Kanakadurga temple on Tuesday evening. The spat between suspended EO Raghunath and Vishnuprasad, who was given additional charge of the temple, took an ugly turn with farmer locking up the chamber.The controversy ended only after district collector Budhaprakash M Jyothi intervened and directed the local revenue officials to break open the lock of the EO's office without any delay. Before taking the issue to the district collector, revenue and temple officials held negotiations with Raghunath, who refused to give the keys. Raghunath's suspension over alleged protocol violation was stayed by the tribunal. Raghunath claimed that he had refused to give the keys as Vishnuprasad refused to give an undertaking in writing.He said that he would approach the court against the breaking open of his chambers' lock as he was still the EO of the temple as per the tribunal order. On the other hand, Vishnuprasad said that he had been exercising patience keeping in mind the temple's prestige and traditions. He said that he was forced to act as he had a responsibility to protect the temple assets including the EO's chamber.Kankipadu tehsildar said that they had broken open the office of EO following the instructions of the district collector and RDO Venkata Rao. Earlier in the day, tension prevailed at the temple when YSRCP and TDP leaders launched an agitation against the officials.Strangely, both the temple EOs ignored even the chief minister's visit to the city as they were busy fighting. The trouble began in the morning when acting executive officer Vishnuprasad decided to break open the lock after Raghunath refused to return the keys. He reportedly secured the permission of endowments commissioner Balaramaiah. Prasad on Monday requested the local tahsildar to be present at the temple in the morning in order to conduct the panchanama after breaking open the chamber lock.However, the tahsildar told the EO that he would depute a VRO as he was busy with CM's tour. Subsequently, Vishnuprasad was said to have requested the local assistant commissioner of endowments, Nagarajakumari, one-town CI, Hanumantha Rao and local former corporator Budha Venkanna to be present during the panchanama. Although, Vishnuprasad wanted to break open the lock in the morning itself, he could not do it was he was held up in the counting of hundi.Meanwhile, former corporator Budha Venkanna reached the temple along with former legislator Vangaveeti Radhakrishna of YSRCP and enquired about EO Vishnuprasad. When the temple officials informed them that EO was busy with the counting of hundis, Venkanna and Radhakrishna made an attempt to reach the hundi counting place. However, the CISF personnel obstructed them and told them that no one would be allowed.The enraged YSRCP leaders staged a dharna at the temple saying that they were humiliated after being requested to be witnesses for the panchanama. Upon information of dharna by Radha, his followers from one-town area rushed to the temple resulting in tension at the temple premises.EO Vishnuprasad rushed to the YSRCP leaders and requested them to leave the place as they could not open the locks in such an atmosphere. Meanwhile, local TDP leaders too reached the temple and demanded that the EO chambers lock be opened immediately as Raghunath had no authority to resort to such job. Vangaveeti Radhakrishna alleged that the government was deliberately allowing the drama and bringing disrepute the temple. At this stage, police intervened and sent the leaders and activists of political parties away from the temple premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17122214", "title": "Decision on LPG cap hike today?", "text": "MUMBAI: Even as the state cabinet may announce its decision to increase the cap on subsidized cooking gas on Wednesday, a cloud hangs over its actual implementation might persist.Hampered by the lack of adequate data on the economic profile of gas consumers, the state administration is yet to figure out a procedure to pass on the extra subsidy.With political pressure rising on his government, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan had earlier announced that a decision on this would be taken before Diwali. The cabinet meet on Wednesday, in all probability, will be the last one before the festival begins. While the state government had sought a detailed inventory on gas consumers to assess the burden, gas companies and the state machinery have only been able to share details on the number of connections and annual consumption.The state is inclined to increase the cap on subsidized LPG cylinders from six to nine for below poverty line BPL families. However, the opinion is divided on whether it should be limited to cardholders (yellow cardholders and Antodaya Anna Yojana cardholders) or to all those whose income falls below Rs 1 lakh. Only 20% of BPL families hold gas connections according to 2001 census estimates. The solace for the state will come from the fact none of the other Congress-ruled states namely Delhi, AP, Haryana, Rajasthan, Assam and Kerala have been able to implement the move.Bombay High Court to get a General Manager MBA graduates will be roped in as general managers and court managers of various benches of the High Court. The move is aimed at enhancing a judge's efficiency and reducing pendency of cases. It is based on the recommendation of the 13th finance commission. The cabinet will discuss a proposal for appointment of four GMs and 41 other senior court managers and court managers. The move will cost the state Rs 3 crore annually.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17121064", "title": "Pandals go for temple themes", "text": "RANCHI: The theme for most Kali Puja pandals this year seems to be temples. The Ananthpur Nivaranpur Kali Puja Samiti is planning a grand celebration for its 75th year. A member of the committee, Raju Kumar, said, \"Our pandal is based on a Krishna temple in Himachal Pradesh. But the idol will be in the traditional Bengali style, daker saaj.\"They will be distributing bhog from November 13 to 16. A blood donation camp will be organised on November 16. \"Our aim is to donate at least 70 units of blood. A painting competition and a game of musical chairs will also be included in the celebrations,\" he said.The pandal at Doranda Bazaar will have a four-day fair. A committee member, Abhishek Kumar, said, \"We are designing the pandal on the lines of Vishnupur Temple. The height of the pandal will be 60 feet and the width will be 40 feet. We are also planning a mela on the adjoining ground, which will have a haunted house, a giant wheel, stalls selling food items, toys and accessories.\"Chandannagar electricians will be roped in to add sparkle from A G More to the High Court roundabout. Florists will be flown in from Kolkata for the decorations.The Doranda pandal is replicating a temple atop the Hrishikesh Mountain. A member of the puja committee, Shambhu Gupta, said, \"Visitors will have to climb 70 feet to see the temple. The interiors will reflect the sea.\"The Cosmos Club pandal is also based on a pandal but an imaginary one. \"The pandal will be shaped in the form of a lotus and will be surrounded by ships,\" said Panchanad Das, chief designer.But the construction of this pandal is causing immense misery to the residents. The pandal has come up right in the middle of the road blocking easy access of cars.Rajiv Kumar, whose brother needed to be taken to a nursing home which is next to the construction area, recounted their trying time. \"My brother was not in a condition to walk; so we brought him to the nursing home in an ambulance but as the road near the clinic was blocked because, my brother had to get down from the ambulance and walk to the nursing home,\" he said.A member of the club, Debashish Majumdar, said, \"We have been erecting this pandal for the past five years. We have a licence for it. I agree the road is blocked but we are leaving space on either side for people and two-wheelers to pass.\"When asked about the inconvenience being caused to the people, SDO Ameet Kumar said, \"The pandal is constructed every year and is licenced; so we cannot do anything. But they have been told to remove the pandal immediately after puja.\"\"It is strange that in the name of religion, people are being allowed to break rules,\" said a resident of Circular Road.In many areas, Durga Puja pandals have not yet been dismantled. Manish Sinha, a passerby near Kokar, said, \"This road is always crowded. Now we have pandals to add to our misery. It's really difficult to drive.\"The sudden change in weather has made residents wonder how safe the structures are if there's a storm. A shopkeeper near Sarjana Chowk said, \"The pandal in our area has been removed but the bamboo arches are still there.\"When asked if any action was being contemplated against the organizers, DC Vinay Chaubey said, \"We have given them a deadline of two days and if the structures are not removed even after that, the SDO will take action.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17124019", "title": "Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan disability awareness float to travel across Goa", "text": "PANAJI: The Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) will inaugurate a mobile float on November 7 which will travel across every taluka in Goa during the next 15 days to raise awareness about persons with disabilities and about the importance of bringing more children with special needs to schools.The float will be flagged off on Wednesday morning at Don Bosco HS in Panaji by education officials.\"The SSA is working for education to all children within the age group of 6 to 14 years. 'Children with special needs' is one of its interventions and SSA conducts various activities for their benefit. The float will be part of one such activity to be known as 'Badhte Kadam',\" SSA project director Farell Furtado said.'Badhte Kadam' is an awareness campaign that is conducted throughout the country under the aegis of The National Trust. \"The purpose of 'Badhte Kadam' is to mainstream persons with disabilities by bringing them out from their houses for the activities to be conducted under the campaign, to promote establishment of support network and form self help groups for their economic development ,\" Furtado said.'Badhte Kadam' is usually conducted in the month of November and will conclude on December 3, which is celebrated as World Disability Day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17124045", "title": "Stepping out of comfort zones", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Exploring new media for any artist can be both unnerving and exciting at the same time. Stepping out of their comfort zones and creating something that they have never tried before was the central idea at The Smart Show that opened at Amdavad ni Gufa on Tuesday.Twenty-four young and emerging Gujarati artists from across the state came together to create two individual pieces each, one in 2D and one in 3D. The display of 48 works inside and outside the gallery can be best described as a kaleidoscope of ideas and visual energy.Curated by Ronak Sopariwala, the show is a product of The Smart Hub where directors Siddheshwar and Visha Kanuga have encouraged each artist to give new meaning to their work.On display are works of Alap Shah, Anil Majmudar, Bhavin Mistry, Dimpal Panchal, Dushyant Patel, Foram Thakore, Hardik Kansara, Jigna Gaudana, Kajal Shah, Kanika Shah, Ketan Kanzaria, Mitali Shah, Nikita Parikh, Nilesh Suthar, Piyush Thakkar, Rachana Badrakia, Rakesh Patel, Roma Patel, Ronak Sopariwala, Sagar Gujarati, Sanjay Barot, Tarun Gajjar, Vipul Prajapati and Vyom Mehta.Roma Patel, who mostly works with acrylics, has created both her abstract pieces using acrylic sheets in a variety of colours. In case of the 2D piece, a moulded acrylic sheet is rolled onto a concave dome set within a box, and the 3D piece is akin to a kaleidoscope shaped like a globe. \"I rarely work in 3D, but this has been very exciting for me,\" Roma said.Rakesh Patel has used his childhood memory of learning to ride a bicycle to create both his art pieces. The 3D installation is built upon a child's walker with a sketch of an infant on one side and a mirror on the other, allowing viewers to reflect on their own childhood memories. Ronak Sopariwala, using the CMYK colour model, has shown the percentage of each colour in his life, signifying a particular human emotion.The central idea behind both his works is that every man has two sides and the darker side is revealed only when prodded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17121995", "title": "Cop's house among four burgled", "text": "LUCKNOW: Four cases of burglary were reported on Tuesday, including three in trans-Gomti area. At Talkatora, burglars struck at the house of Arvind Kumar Sharma a constable with Para police and took away Rs 13,000 in cash, mobile phone and a gold chain. In Khurramnagar arae, house of Anisur Khan was robbed by miscreants last month but the matter was reported by Khan, a scientist in Bangalore, on Tuesday. The caretaker of his property had locked the home after informing Khan about burglary. Editor of a Hindi weekly, Ritu Chaterjee, reported theft of jewellery worth Rs 4 lakh from her house located in Shaktinagar locality. Ritu had gone out with her family to Deva Sharif in Barabanki when burglars struck. From a high court advocate's house in Vibhav Khand , electric wire worth Rs 25,000 was stolen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17122079", "title": "Lucknow youth found dead in Barabanki", "text": "LUCKNOW: Two murder cases were reported on Tuesday. A youth from Vikasnagar was found dead in Jaitpur village of Barabanki, while a 55-year-old woman was murdered near SGPGI, allegedly, by her male friends. Abhay Singh, a resident of Vikasnagar was reported missing by his father on Tuesday afternoon.Singh was into building construction material business. Singh's father got worried about his son, when he did not respond to the continuous phone calls made by his family members. In the evening the Lucknow police was informed of a body found in the forest of Jaitpur village. The body was sent for post-mortem.Abhay's family members have accused his in-laws of honour killing, as he and his wife were living separately. Abhay used to stay in Lucknow, while his wife reportedly stayed at her place in Barabanki. Singh's father alleged that his son was poisoned. In the other case a female construction labourer was allegedly killed by her male friends in an inebriated state near SGPGI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17123282", "title": "Encroachments removed in Allahabad Municipal Corporation drive", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A demolition drive was conducted by the Allahabad Municipal Corporation in several localities of the city on Tuesday and many illegal kiosks that had cropped in various parts of the city were razed to the ground.Initially, the demolition squad of Allahabad Municipal Corporation started from the main office at about 7am and reached Kanpur Road removing encroachments found on the way. Several small shops proliferated in the area were demolished during the drive.Later, the squad returned at about 10:30 amand resumed from Head Post Office in Civil Lines, proceeding to the Maharana Pratap Crossing. It later turned towards Stanley Road and proceeded to Abkari Chowraha. After that, demolition was carried from Balson Crossing to the Fort Road crossing up to the Boat Club.In the entire demotion process, about 20 small kiosks were razed to the ground, while 14 were seized. About three trucks returned to AMC office laden with the seized material.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17124319", "title": "Kamatibaug protestors approach heritage organizations for support", "text": "VADODARA: Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) got a breather of sorts with those opposing the multimedia and laser fountain in Kamatibaug conducting no fresh agitation programmes.The agitators have, however, said they would not relent and have even sought support of Indian National Trust for Art Culture and Heritage (INTACH) and contacted prominent architect and president of Heritage Trust, Karan Grover over the issue.Representatives of the group that is protesting against the fountain said INTACH had assured to look into the issue. They added that Grover was out of station and was expected to return soon.VMC officials said they would keep talking to the representatives of protestors and try and resolve the issue. They said no immediate steps would be taken to begin work at the spot. However, sources said the move had its roots in the fact that the assembly elections were around the corner. Those protesting also believe that after the polls, the approach of the civic body may change.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17123759", "title": "Bus set on fire following communal clash", "text": "COIMBATORE: There was tension in and around Mettupalayam town following communal clashes on Tuesday. A TNSTC ( Tamil Nadu State Transport Corporation) bus was set on fire by a group of protesters at Mettupalayam bus stand at around 8.45 pm on Tuesday, following which shops and other commercial establishments in the town downed their shutters.A large posse of police personnel has been deployed in the area to prevent escalation of the violence. Traffic on the busy Coimbatore-Mettupalayam road was after people blocked traffic at major junctions including Narasimmanaickenpalayam, Thudiyalur and Kavundampalayam.Violence erupted on Tuesday after an RSS functionary was assaulted by a group of men in Mettupalayam. According to sources, Anand, a 37-year-old resident of Mahadevapuram near Mettupalayam, was on his two-wheeler when a gang stopped him near Nadur in the town at around 6.45pm and attacked him with iron rods. Anand, who works as manager in a private firm in Mettupalayam, is the Tirupur district secretary of RSS. He has been admitted to a private hospital and his condition is reportedly serious.As news about the incident spread, a group of nearly 200 people gathered at Six Corner Road in the town and blocked traffic. They broke the windshields of a town bus. After police intervened, the crowd dispersed. However, another group entered the town bus stand at around 8.45pm and set a TNSTC bus on fire.Police sources said the attack on Anand was triggered by an incident on Monday evening in M S Nagar in Mettupalayam. A group of four Hindu youths had entered into an altercation with a Muslim youth who was taking his 65-year-old grandmother to hospital on his two-wheeler. In the melee, the woman, who tried to intervene, fell down. A neighbour, who protested the woman being pushed around, was also assaulted. The four men, who according to police had previous enmity with the Muslim youth, left the locality and got themselves admitted to Mettupalayam government hospital. At 8pm on Monday, a truck driver who inquired about the incident was assaulted. A crowd gathered near Mettupalayam Government hospital and blocked traffic demanding action against the attackers. Police arrested two youths, Arun Kumar and Anandan, for involvement in the incident on Monday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17122976", "title": "3.5 lakh to get LPG cylinders", "text": "NEW DELHI: To make Delhi kerosene-free, the Sheila Dikshit government is now planning to provide over 3.56 lakh beneficiaries with a filled LPG cylinder each at an estimated cost of about Rs 14.22 crore. This takes the total expenditure by the state and the Centre on the scheme to over Rs 108.5 crore. Under this scheme, an LPG connection, a two-burner gas stove and the Suraksha rubber pipe must be provided to all beneficiaries.The proposal to amend the earlier cabinet decision wher8e8in it was decided to give the beneficiaries an empty gas cylinder is likely to be tabled before the meeting of the Delhi cabinet on Wednesday. Instead of an empty cylinder it has now been proposed to provide a filled LPG cylinder. The kerosene-free Delhi scheme covers 3,56,395 beneficiaries drawn from card holders belonging to three categories - Below Poverty Line, Antyodaya and Jhuggi Resettlement Colonies.Dikshit had announced the introduction of the kerosene-free Delhi scheme in her 2012-13 budget speech in which she said beneficiaries will be provided Rs 2,000 for purchasing an LPG connection and a gas stove. It was next decided that a connection and gas stove would be provided under the scheme. But the gas cylinder to be given would be empty.The total cost to be incurred in providing a free LPG connection to beneficiaries to be borne by Delhi government was pitched at Rs 71.69 crore and the central government's share was around Rs 22.75 crore. If the government approves this plan, the state expenditure would go up by %Rs 14.22 crore. The total state share would then be around Rs 85.91 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17123888", "title": "Dad-to-be Ian Bell may miss second Test", "text": "AHMEDABAD: England are likely to miss the services of Ian Bell after the first Test as the batsman will return home to be with his wife Chantal Louise Bastock, who is expecting their first child in mid-November.Bell is one of the better players of spin in the England side, and with India's selectors picking three frontline spinners in the squad, the outcome of the series could well depend on how the visitors tackle the tweakers on slow turners.With the first Test ending on November 19 and the second one starting three days later, England may well miss him in Mumbai.News of his application for paternity leave was reported in English dailies early September, which was confirmed by Bell during an interaction with the media soon after the England team's arrival in Ahmedabad on Tuesday.England play their third and final warm-up game against Haryana at the Motera from November 8 to 11.Bell has scores of 5, 4 and 28 not out in the three innings that he has played so far on this tour and he agreed that there were \"far too many things\" on his mind at the moment.In the same breath, he mentioned that as a professional cricketer he was also capable of tackling the situation.\"There are lots of things in my mind. It is exciting. But as a professional cricketer you need to be focused on each and every delivery that you are facing and I am trying to do that. I have talked about this with Andy (Flower) and my whole family too has been very supportive and understanding of the whole situation,\" said Bell.\"It can be just for a day - I go and come back,\" he said.\"These things are quite common for an international sportsman these days,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17123444", "title": "No intention to violate HC orders: Gurgaon ACP", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Responding to a contempt notice issued by the Punjab and Haryana high court, assistant commissioner of police (traffic), Gurgaon, on Tuesday submitted that barricades near the Ambience mall on Delhi-Gurgaon expressway toll plaza were removed to ease traffic congestion.Assistant commissioner Ravinder Tomar told the court that there was no intention to violate the orders of the high court and the decision was taken considering the ground situation. HUDA administrator Praveen Kumar , who was asked to explain why HC orders were not followed, could not appear before the court. He has been asked to file his response on the next date of hearing on November 16.On October 17, a division bench of the HC had issued show-cause notices to ACP (traffic), Gurgaon and HUDA administrator, asking them why proceedings for contempt should not be initiated against them for not complying with the October 8 orders of the court banning L-turn near the Ambience mall. Both the officers were issued notices for removing the barricades blocking the L-turn.Apparently miffed over the decision of HUDA administrator in removing the blockades in defiance of HC orders, the court had observed that HUDA administrator had no authority to act against the directives of the court. He was not even a party in the case and if the directives were not suitable or could not be implemented, the officers should approach the bench for modification of the orders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17124733", "title": "Indian-Americans vote for Obama in swing states: Survey", "text": "WASHINGTON: Nearly three-fourth of Indian Americans voted for US President Barack Obama in the swing states which are considered to be decisive in final results, a sample survey has found.In the survey done by San Francisco-based April Media among those voted from Ohio , Colorado, Wisconsin, Florida and Virginia , 75 per cent of Indian Americans voted for Obama.In Pennsylvania, however, the community favoured Mitt Romney , the Republican presidential candidate.Indian Americans in Pennsylvania think that \"Obama did not bring about the changes he promised,\" April Media said.Interestingly, among total Indian Americans in these swing states, only 40 per cent were registered to vote as rest of them was either on a temporary visa status or permanent residents, the press statement said.In the national survey, 60 per cent favored Obama, while 20 per cent favoured Romney.As many as 10 per cent of the people surveyed stayed away from voting while 10 per cent did not even bother to register to vote.\"The interesting thing was about 20 per cent of Indian Americans who believed in Republican policies defected towards Obama camp,\" said April Media in a statement issued here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17123008", "title": "Ophthalmic Premier League Trophy for Chandigarh team", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Ophthalmic Premier League (OPL) Trophy was awarded to the Chandigarh team comprising Dr Jagat Ram, Dr Arun K Jain and Dr Sushmita Kaushik from the Advanced Eye Centre, PGI during the 26th North Zone Ophthalmological Society annual conference on Tuesday.There were four teams in all who were led by their respective captains and each team comprised four leading ophthalmologists from the northern states of India. The teams made presentations with videos of challenging surgical eye scenarios and their management. The OPL Trophy was awarded to the best team, based on clinical relevance, educative value and quality teaching.Dr Keiki Mehta, Colaba Eye Centre, Mumbai was awarded the first prize for best video of a challenging eye surgery, Dr Reema Bansal and Dr Adit Gupta (both from Advanced Eye Centre) won the best poster award and best challenging case award.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17124405", "title": "Four persons end life in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: Four people committed suicide in separate incidents in the city.Failing to repay a loan, a 19-year-old Nitin Shende hanged himself at his rented room at Parvati Nagar. Shende hails from Katol. He was working as a ward boy in a private hospital in Dhantoli. His room partner told cops that he had borrowed money from many people. On Monday afternoon, while the room partner had gone to the market, Shende took the extreme step.In another incident that took place in the jurisdiction of Hudkeshwar police station, 28-year-old Amit Wadaskar committed suicide by consuming poison on Monday evening. Cops found a suicide note from his residence at Indra Nagar on Narsala road in which he claimed that no one be held responsible for his death.On Tuesday afternoon, a mother of one year old girl Madhuri Gawai (23) hanged herself after a heated argument with her husband over a petty issue. Around 1pm, she was found hanging from the ceiling hook at her Samata Nagar residence in Jaripatka police station area.In the last incident, a 35-year-old Raju Bhandan succumbed to his burn injuries suffered after he had set himself ablaze on October 22. Bhandan, a resident of old Khapri died during treatment at Government Medical Hospital on Tuesday afternoon. Since he was unfit to give a statement, the reason behind his extreme step is not yet known.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17123748", "title": "Poaching activities bring serious trouble for govt", "text": "BELGAUM: Forest department is facing tough challenge of preventing poaching activities in Khanapur jungle, which is recognized as a major habitat for elephants. Taking advantage of poor vigilance of the forest department, breaking of law is unabated in this jungle by locals and poachers from outside.The arrest of 20 professional poachers from Maharashtra recently, provided the proof of ongoing unabated poaching activities in Khanapur jungle once again. Poachers had entered jungle along with tempo, in which they had dongs trained for poaching and sharp weapons to kill and cut the wild animals.However, following the tip-off, local forest officials succeeded in nabbing them at Parwada-Gouliwada jungle near Kanakumbi by launching a well planned attack. According to department sources, knowledge about jungle and preparation of the poachers, they might have conducted their activities in past too.Speaking to the TOI, a senior officer of the department said poaching activities of such a magnitude were not possible without help from the insiders in department or local villagers. Recently, officials had caught a cook in one of the forest department resorts in Khanapur jungle, who used to poach wild animals and served their meat at high rates to the guests.He was suspended after being caught.\"After arrest of 20 poachers recently, we have been increased security at check posts, from where one can take entry into jungle. The check posts at Hemmadaga, Jamboti, Krishnapur, Londa and Dorla are kept alert round the clock in order to keep eye on law breakers\", Ambadi Madhav, deputy conservator of forests said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17121681", "title": "Missing detail in coal records haunts govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: The mystery of the missing detail in official files on why some coal block applicants won while others lost out is proving to be the biggest hurdle in the Centre's bid to ward off the threat of the Supreme Court scrapping all allocations.Aware that an unfavourable verdict on Coalgate will be a body blow to its bid to push-start the economy , the government is planning a careful defence that candidly admits to \"aberrations\" but strongly argues coal block allocations under UPA's watch are largely untainted.The thin ice the government needs to negotiate is the crucial 35th and 36th meetings of the screening committee that recommended allotment of blocks that fail to disclose the logic of comparative evaluation in the allocations, opening the Centre to the charge of arbitrariness.Sources said the government is likely to make the point that there were criteria such as end-use status, financials, land and water resources in assessing serious players. If a certain private operator was selected, the application was not deficient even though another might have been equally worthy.It will claim there was a method to the allocation process even if results were not always desirable. In explaining \"difficult cases\", the Centre will point to the need to accommodate preferences of the states in the allocation process as their approval is essential for mining operations.On the SC's question regarding the influential bagging coal blocks, the government hopes to say that these were few in number and were also being screened by an inter-ministerial committee.Six questions the SC has posed while hearing a PIL include why competitive bidding was not followed and if guidelines were violated rendering the allocation process arbitrary and open to malafide. If the government fails to provide satisfactory answers, it runs the risk of coal allocations going the 2G way.At a time when the government is straining every sinew to bump up coal production and power generation, scrapping of coal allocations can set the clock back irretrievably as the political calendar recently referred to by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh ticks away.The job of countering the comptroller and auditor general's conclusion that lack of rationale in the screening committee's selection process means the process was arbitrary is not easy to rebut. But the government intends to make a game effort, saying criteria and guidelines were indeed applied.Rather than the dodgy allocations, it is the slack procedures adopted by the screening committee that are giving the government a headache.On lack of competitive bidding, the government is expected to take the view that the allocation process evolved over 10-15 years.There were delays in putting in place a fair and equitable policy despite UPA having considered competitive bidding as early as 2003. Until a law was passed, the screening committee route remained in vogue with all its faults and benefits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "17124522", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcDocuments of 235 beneficiaries under cloud\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "THANE: In a twist to the controversy surrounding the Rs 654-crore Basic Services for Urban Poor (BSUP) programme in Thane district, a civic official admitted that 235 tenements were \"gifted away\" to beneficiaries without verifying the authenticity of their documents.The scheme funded by the Centre to rehabilitate slum dwellers by providing them with 307-sq-ft tenements in high-rises has been plagued by allegations of corruption, misappropriation of funds and fudging of the beneficiary list.\"The allotments made last month were on the basis of a provisional list of beneficiaries . It is a temporary list,\" said Prakash Dhole, deputy municipal commissioner (estates) of the Kalyan-Dombivli Municipal Corporation. \"The final list will be drawn soon after we conduct a thorough scrutiny of papers related to their proof of residence,\" he added.Activists claim that the civic official's admission means the beneficiary list was determined on the basis of questionable documents and that the allotment of BSUP tenements at Ambedkar Nagar in Dombivli were made without evaluating the veracity of claims.\"How will the authorities evict a person from the tenement that they had themselves allotted after a scrutiny of his papers. It will only create a ruckus followed by litigation as no person will surrender the house,\" said RTI activist Kaustubh Gokhale.\"We have secured an affidavit from each of the allottees which states that if there is any illegality, then they will be evicted from the house,\" Dhole said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17123795", "title": "Australia fest showcases Hampi\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s glory", "text": "MANGALORE: A cultural exchange between India and Australia aimed at reviving ancient heritage in this country on Tuesday culminated in the inauguration of Kaladham Museum and an exhibition in Vijaynagar in Karnataka as part of the Oz Fest, a four-month-long cultural festival. Set up by the Jindal Art Foundation, the Kaladham Museum has as one of the key exhibits the project \"Place Hampi\", a three-dimensional visual chronicle of the Unesco heritage site. It has been curated by Sarah Kederline at Museum Victoria.\"Place Hampi\" \u00e2\u20ac\u201d an interactive series of stunning photographs, virtual walks and texts on Vijayanagar \u00e2\u20ac\u201dwas commissioned by the Jindal Art Foundation. It was permanently installed at the museum 25 km from the World Heritage Site of Hampi on Tuesday as a study of India's living cultural heritage, a statement by Oz Fest said.According to Kederline, the project took 30 years of research.Inaugurating the project, Australia's minister for arts Simon Crean said, \"The project was a powerful example of cultural collaboration between Australia and India.\"\"I want to congratulate Sangita Jindal, the chair of the Jindal Art Foundation, for her vision and belief in the Kaladham Museum project,\" Crean added.The \"Place Hampi\" exhibition is part of the biggest cultural festival that Australia has ever brought to India, the minister said.\"The exhibition developed by Museum Victoria in partnership with counterparts in India merges art, heritage and technology in a magnificent immersive 3D display about an ancient World Heritage-listed archaeological site at Hampi,\" the Australian minister said.The museum was inaugurated in the presence of Karnataka tourism minister Anand Singh and JSW Foundation chairperson Sangita Jindal. It is built on a 10-acre site within the JSW Township at Vijayanagar.\"I am sure the 360-degree, 3D panoramic visual and surround-sound display, originally shown at Melbourne's Immigration Museum, will be a standout feature of the new heritage and tourism precinct in Karnataka,\" Crean said.Jindal said Kaladham was an endeavour by her foundation to promote art and culture.\"The objective is to reach out to artists everywhere and provide them a platform to showcase their talent. Our aim is to make Kaladham a point of reference for the World Heritage site, to highlight the roots and history of Hampi and the artisans that created it and bringing excellence and creativity worldwide,\" Jindal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "17123030", "title": "Valapattanam sub inspector transferred", "text": "KANNUR: Valappattanam SI B K Siju, who was recently caught up in a controversy following a row with K Sudhakaran MP, has been transferred to Chombal police station near Vadakara in Kozhikode.According to district police chief Rahul R Nair, the transfer has nothing to do with the controversy and the investigation thereof, and that it was purely a request transfer. \"The SI had given me a transfer request to Kozhikode, as his wife is nine months' pregnant and I forwarded it to the IG, who in turn ordered the transfer,\" he said.The transfer comes two days after the Kannur range IG Jose George submitted an inquiry report into the high drama in Valappattanam police station on October 31 following the arrest of two sand smugglers.Youth Congress Azhikode Mandalam president Kallikodan Ragesh, who came to the police station to question the police about the arrest, was also put in prison and following this K Sudhakaran and a few UDF leaders including K M Shaji MLA, KPCC leader Satheesan Pacheni, visited the station and protested against his detention, resulting in some tense situation there.Though Ragesh was later released, home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan ordered a probe into the incident based on the complaint of K Sudhakaran who wanted the SI to be transferred from Valappattanam.The IG's report criticized the police for human rights violation, as the two arrested were made to stand in the prison in their underclothes. However, the report was soft about the police action, claim sources.The incident had intensified the factional feud in the Congress following which a poster war had also erupted in the district between the followers of K Sudhakaran and Thiruvanchoor Radhakirshnan.In this scenario, this transfer is seen as an effort to pacify the situation without demoralizing the police. However, the case registered against Sudhakaran and 200 others in connection with the sit in at the police station would not be withdrawn and the police would go ahead with the case. In that case, the fight is likely to intensify in the coming days.Valappattanam SI B K Siju, who was caught up in a controversy recently following a row with K Sudhakaran MP, has been transferred to Chombal police station near Vadakara in Kozhikode district.According to district police chief Rahul R Nair, the transfer has nothing to do with the recent controversy and the investigation thereof, and it was purely a request transfer.\"The SI had given me a request for a transfer to Kozhikode district, as his wife is nine months' pregnant and I forwarded the request to the IG, who in turn ordered him to be transferred to Chombal,\" he said.The transfer comes two days after the Kannur range IG Jose George submitted an enquiry report into the high drama in Valappattanam police station on October 31 following the arrest of two sand smugglers.Youth Congress Azhikode Mandalam president Kallikodan Ragesh who came to the police station to question the police about the arrest was also put in lock up and following this K Sudhakaran and a few UDF leaders including K M Shaji MLA, KPCC leader Satheesan Pacheni among others visited the station and raised their protest against the detention of the Youth Congress leader resulting in some tense situation there.Though Ragesh was later released, home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan ordered a probe into the incident based on the complaint of K Sudhakaran who wanted the SI to be transferred from Valappattanam.Though the IG's report criticized the human rights violation on the part of the police, as the two arrested were made to stand in the lock up in their inner wears, the report was soft about the police action, according to sources.The incident had intensified the factional feud in the Congress following which a poster war had also erupted in the district between the followers of K Sudhakaran and Thiruvanchoor Radhakirshnan.In this scenario, this transfer is seen as an effort to pacify the situation without demoralizing the police. However, the case registered against Sudhakaran and 200 others in connection with the sit in at the police station would not be withdrawn and the police would go ahead with the case, said police sources, which indicate that the fight is likely to intensify in the coming days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17124199", "title": "Govt moots 31 new posts in IT department", "text": "PANAJI: The government will create 31 posts in the IT department. This will be discussed in a cabinet meeting on Wednesday. The fees and allowances of the advocate general are also likely to be hiked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17123020", "title": "More women opt government hospitals for childbirth", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The number of pregnant women approaching government hospitals for childbirth has started showing an upward trend in the district after the launch of the Union Government funded Janani Sishu Surakasha Karyakram (JSSK) by the National Rural Health Mission, two months back.The government hospitals have enhanced their appeal by doling out free treatment and several incentives like transportation allowance and cash handouts under the scheme. The project has become a hit as the family members of women need not worry about treatment expenses and food during the hospital stay as its completely free for the mother and new-born.Under the scheme, the government has been rendering free and cashless treatment to women from both above poverty line and below poverty line categories opting for normal and caesarean childbirths, and free treatment for the new-born up to thirty days after birth. Further it also provides Rs 500 as transportation charge and another Rs 700 at the time of discharge.In contrast, one needs around Rs 10,000 to Rs 20,000 and additional amount for medicine for a three-day stay for normal delivery cases in private hospitals. Whereas the amount ranges from Rs 25,000 to Rs 79, 000 for a five-day stay and an additional amount to purchase medicines in the case of caesarean deliveries in the private hospitals.The union government introduced JSSK scheme to bring down the infant mortality and maternal mortality rate in the country. According to NRHM district project office, the present infant mortality rate is 13 per 1,000 in the state a year while it is 48 per 1,000 in the country. Maternal mortality ratio is 80 per one lakh in the state while it is 300 per lakh in the country.\"There is an increase of 40 to 50% childbirth cases in rural hospitals after the launch of programme,\" NRHM district programme manager Dr A Baburaj said.\"The highest increase in the district was registered in the Kuttiadi taluk hospital. It reported a total of 140 births in October when compared to just 42 in May. The Thamarassery taluk hospital had registered 91 childbirths in just 15 days in the month of September. The Institute of Maternal and Child Health too recorded an increase. It reported 1,114 cases in September which was 1,099 the previous month. Koyilandy taluk hospital reported 21 childbirth cases in September which was just 8 in May. Beach hospital has shown only a slight increase. It registered 83 cases in September which was 66 in May. The Vadakara district hospital has registered 13 childbirths in September which was 16 in May,\" he said.Kottaparamba Women and Child Hospital superintendent Dr A M Muhammed Alias Kunhavukutty said that the hospital had started getting 10 to 20 cases of childbirth after the launch of JSSK scheme which was just 5 to 10 before the implementation of the scheme. \"The hospital however could admit only 199 cases in September due to renovation works. In October, the hospital registered 10 to 20 cases a day,\" said the superintendent.N K Sinila, PRO-cum-liaison officer with the Perambra taluk hospital said that more and more families have started opting for government hospitals after the awareness programme on JSSK. \"The hospital which had registered below 20 childbirth cases in August had witnessed 42 cases in October,\" said Sinila.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17124289", "title": "M S University gears up to host Cyberia", "text": "VADODARA: Students of M S University's Bachelor of Computer Applications (BCA) and MSc (software technology) programmes are gearing up to host first of its kind information technology (IT) fest in the city - Cyberia.The three-day event at faculty of science will provide IT enthusiasts a platform to exhibit their technical acumen to the world and compete with their like-minded peers.The fest, which will kick off from Thursday, will cover different technical and non-technical events for college as well as school students.\"The fest includes technical events like IT quiz, IT related debate, web designing, a photoshop competition, hardware assembling and a programming contest apart from a photography competition, treasure hunt and virtual gaming among others in the non-technical category,\" a second year student of MSc (software technology) Palak Shah told TOI on Tuesday.WOWZAPP 2012 - Worldwide Hackathon for Windows - which will be held in association of Microsoft will be the main attraction of Cyberia.\"Across the country, WOWZAPP 2012, which is a contest to build apps (applications) for the next generation of Windows, is being held at around 17 locations. MSU will be the first to conduct this kind of competition in the west zone,\" said Shah, adding that WOWZAPP at MSU will be held on November 9.Students from Anand, Vallabh Vidyanagar, Vasad, Ahmedabad and Gandhinagar will be also participating in Cyberia.\"We recently had five days - Metro style application development workshop - which Microsoft had conducted at our campus with facilitators from their side. Now, WOWZAPP 2012 will further contribute to the support we have received from Microsoft,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17122916", "title": "Calcutta University team ready with Tagore 'home' list", "text": "KOLKATA: Did you know that Scottish shipping magnate Sir Daniel Hamilton built a house for Rabindranath Tagore in Gosaba? Or that the bard stayed in around 150 houses during his lifetime, even if overnight? Three professors at Calcutta University have now come up with an inventory of these houses, which will be published in the form of a coffee table book in another six months. The book will be a prelude to Bengal's most ambitious heritage project ever - restoration of these historic buildings.Tagore spent his initial years at the Jorasanko Thakurbari where he was born. But his wanderlust had him visiting all these places in and outside Kolkata and creating many of his legendary works there. The list was painstakingly compiled by the three professors - Shouvik Mukhopadhyay, Partha Majumdar and Ramanuj Mukherjee - after meticulous research of documentary evidence on Tagore. They recently submitted the final list to the West Bengal Heritage Commission for the publication, which will contain pictures and all information related to these buildings - dates, anecdotes et al.\"The painstaking compilation took two long years. We shall take another six months to publish the research work in the form of a coffee table book. And then comes the mammoth task of restoration,\" Shuvaprasanna, chairman of the heritage commission, said on Tuesday. \"Once the book is published, we can begin the stock-taking of these properties. Unfortunately, many of them have changed hands over the last 150 years and it might be impossible to reclaim them,\" he added. Restoration, too, will be an uphill task because most of the Tagorean buildings are in a shambles.The state government will implement the conservation project in phases, as and when funds trickle in. \"We have our own funds to begin with. Then, we will present a detailed project report (DPR) to the ministry of culture so that the Herculean project can be tagged with a central project,\" the chairman said.A joint secretary in the ministry of culture told TOI from Delhi: \"The Bengal government has been trying to persuade the ministry to take up comprehensive restoration work for the buildings associated with Tagore. But most have been vague proposals, without any particulars about cost of restoration or details of the agencies that can carry out the work.\"This time, however, the state government means business. \"The book itself would be a significant beginning for the much-needed restoration. Things will fall in place gradually,\" believes Shuvaprasanna.The inventory includes some nondescript houses like the Dutta Lodge in Chinsurah, Guptanibas in Belgharia, Shashi Villa in Baranagore and Moran Shaheber Bungalow in Chandernagore where the Nobel laureate stayed for days or months. Thankfully, some of these places are already undergoing restoration. Jorasanko Thakurbari, the ancestral home of the Tagores in north Kolkata, for instance, is being converted to a museum to preserve its cultural heritage.But Gauripur Niwas at Kalimpong where Tagore lived in the mid-1930s, collapsed during the Sikkim earthquake. The single-storey Rabindra Bhavan at Mungpoo also developed cracks during this time. Tagore penned some of his great creations like Janmadin (at the insistence of Maitrayee Devi, the writer of Na Honnote) during his stay here between 1938 and 1940. The house also has priceless Tagore memorabilia, the mahogany desk and the bed used by the bard.Author Shirshendu Mukhopadhyay was thrilled to learn about the project: \"I think it's an appropriate initiative to familiarise the next generation with Tagore. I'm sure some of these buildings may have been sold out, but it's the gesture that matters.\"The government is banking much on central funds. \"It will be easy to rope in the centre in the project because when Santiniketan failed to appear on the shortlist of cultural sites, the ministry of culture had decided to rework on Tagore's abode of peace so that it could fulfil Unesco's standards the next time round,\" said Shuvaprasanna.The bard's nestsRabindra Bhavan in MungpooGiribilas Sailabas, Asantuli, Woodbine Villa, Anadel House, Castleton House, Rose Villa and Hill House in DarjeelingThe house Daniel Hamilton built for Tagore in Gosaba, SundarbansCossimbazar PalaceRanikuthi in KrishnagoreMoran Shaheber Bungalow in ChandernagoreDutta Lodge in ChinsurahGupta Nivas in BelghariaSashi Villa in BaranagoreChowringhee Art CollegeDehali in Santiniketan (Rabindranath lived in this two-storied building with his wife Mrinalini)Notun Bari (This was built in 1902. Tagore's mother-in-law lived here with her grandsons and granddaughters after Mrinalini died. Tagore would often stay here)Shamindra Kuthir (Tagore built it in memory of his son Shamindranath)Uttarayana (The garden with five houses where Tagore lived. They include Udayana where Tagore spent his last days)Shyamali (the mud house where Tagore stayed with Mahatma Gandhi )Punoscho (a one-roomed home for Tagore)Udichi in Santiniketan (a small two-storey house on the south-west of Punoscho)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17123215", "title": "Activists mull anti-pollution drives at cremation ghats", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Buoyed by the support of Barwaris during the immersion of Durga idols in Yamuna, anti-polythene and environment activists have decided to make similar arrangements at the cremation ghats on the bank of the Ganga. This would help to bring down pollution in the river and make it clean for holy dip during Mahakumbh.City-based environment activist Rajendra Tiwari, who is part of such drives, said synthetic flowers and other cosmetic items were emptied into dustbins kept on the banks of the Yamuna. This helped to keep the river pollution free during immersion, he added.\"While persuading local Barwaris to clean up the Durga idols of flowers, ornaments and other items before immersion we faced initial resistance. But owing to the high court order and persuasion by civil defence volunteers, local police and administrative officials, items like garland, flowers, synthetic flower etc., were disposed of into the dustbins kept at the site. This is contrary to earlier occasions when the entire items alongwith the idol were pushed into the Yamuna adding to the existing level of pollution. Here the initiative taken by GTB Nagar Barwari in conducting in house immersion would give a new dimension to the undergoing efforts.\"He said similar initiatives need to be extended to the cremation ghats at Daraganj, Rasoolabad and Kakraha, where on an average 100 to 200 bodies are cremated daily. Garlands, flowers and hawan items kept in polythene bags are thrown casually into the river after cremation unmindful of the consequences. If dustbins are kept at these ghats, it would bring down the pollution in the river.Convenor, Prayagraj Sewa Samiti, Teerthraj Pandey said there is need to create awareness among people about the alarming level of pollution in the Ganga.\"Campaigns urging people not to throw these items into the river during and after cremation and instead emptying them into dustbins kept at the burning ghats would definitely drive home the message,\" he added.Convenor, Vyapari Ekta Samiti, Vijay Kumar Gupta said public awareness campaigns in the form of seminar, hoardings at prominent crossings would yield the desired result. Besides, seers and religious leaders should be urged through letters sent by district authorities to convey the message among devotees visiting the camps, Pandey added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17124269", "title": "Teacher booked for molesting 14-year-old girl", "text": "NAGPUR: A 14-year-old girl alleged that she was molested by her school teacher during class. The incident took place in Kotwali police station area on Monday morning. The victim, a Std IX student, said that during the class, she had some query about the subject to the teacher Sanjay Bombatkar. While explaining, Bombatkar made her uncomfortable by getting close to her. In her complaint, the victim mentioned that when she tried to refuse, Bombatkar even held her hand and misbehaved with her while she was leaving the class. Bombatkar, a resident of Ganesh Nagar, was booked under molestation charges but has not yet arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17123861", "title": "State lukewarm to maritime boards", "text": "MANGALORE: Five maritime states in the country, including Karnataka, are yet to wake up to the potential of harnessing their maritime resources in general and enhancing coastal security in particular. While Gujarat took the lead in setting up maritime board nearly 25 years ago, Maharashtra and Tamil Nadu have since followed suit.While Goa, Kerala, Odisha and West Bengal have not done so, Andhra Pradesh is on the verge of setting up its maritime board.Setting up the board has become mandatory in view of the directions to the states issued by Union Home and Defence Ministries in October 2010 for developing ports and maintaining coastal/maritime security. Karnataka Maritime Board as and when it is set up will cover 10 ports - Karwar, Tadadi, Belikere, Honnavar, Bhatkal in Uttara Kannada; Kundapur, Malpe, Hangarkatta and Padubidri in Udupi and old Mangalore port in Dakshina Kannada. As envisaged in the Karnataka Maritime Board Bill, which the state cabinet has approved, the board will be an autonomous body and function on the lines of Karnataka State Pollution Control Board, independent of the department of ports. The board will ensure systematic development of infrastructure in all ports. The board will be headed by an officer of the rank of additional chief secretary and not the minister of ports as of now.Captain PVK Mohan, chairman, National Shipping Board (NSB) told TOI from Hyderabad that once the maritime states issue notification setting up their respective boards, they have to inform the Union ministry of shipping. The NSB lays down broad guidelines on how these boards have to be set up, Mohan said, adding that the Maritime States Development Council, which will meet in December will press on states to set up their boards.Setting up the board will make states privy to consultancy services, facilitate direct sharing of information on security issues and permit deployment of the Coast Guard and Navy in case of need. The board will act as licensing authority that will accord permission to ships to visit the ports, and fix rates for services provided to them could also take up development of new ports. It is for the states to realize this and act, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "bathinda", "code": "17123421", "title": "Karva Chauth: Gun-practicing killed woman on the occasion; youth held", "text": "BATHINDA: The mysterious killing of a 45-year-old woman here on the evening of Karva Chauth could easily come in the category of freak murder.Claiming to have solved the case, police on Tuesday arrested Shaganpreet Singh, 25, on charges of gunning down a woman from a distance of around 300 metres.According to police, Shaganpreet was gun-practicing from the roof of his second floor house situated in Gagan Nagar and a bullet fired by him travelled 300 meters and hit Santosh Kumari on November 2 evening. Sitting in a chair, surrounded by about 45 other women, who had gathered to celebrate Karva Chauth on the fourth floor open air restaurant of a hotel, Santosh Kumari was hit in the head with a bullet that seemed to have come from nowhere. The bullet got stuck in the skull and Santosh died on the spot.Shaganpreet, who is pursuing BCom privately, had bought the .315 bore rifle for Rs 52,000 from Bathinda-based Kapoor Gun House the same day at around 4 pm.After purchasing the rifle, Shaganpreet went home and reached the roof of his house to test the weapon at around 5.15 pm, the same time the women had started gathering at the rooftop of hotel BR Inn, situated on the backside of his house. He fired five bullets in air one of which hit the victim, police said.\"After one of the bullets got stuck in the barrel of rifle, Shaganpreet again went to the gun house, had his rifle checked and then went to his relative's house in Bhuccho Mandi, unaware that he had just killed a woman,\" said Bathinda SP, R C Brar.\"We studied the bullet's trajectory and after downloading the map of the area, came to a conclusion that it couldn't have been fired from more than a distance of 300 meters,\" said Brar. Police had also recreated the murder scene to get an idea about the bullet's trajectory.Shaganpreet was arrested after police got a tip-off from Kapoor Gun House that he had bought a rifle on the day of murder. The weapon has been recovered from Shaganpreet and a case under sections of 304 (culpable homicide not amounting to murder) and 336 (endangering life) of IPC has been registered, police said.Santosh Kumari, an employee of Military Engineering Service, was a resident of Patel Nagar and is survived by a son, daughter and husband.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17124164", "title": "Salary stopped, show-cause notice to 17 block development officers, 14 circle officers", "text": "PATNA: The district magistrate, Darbhanga, Narmedeshwar Lal on Tuesday has stopped the payment of salary to 17 block development officers (BDOs) and 14 circle officers (COs) and served show-cause notice on them for their negligence in supervising the voters list.According to an IPRD press release, Darbhanga SPRO said the DM had directed the SDOs, BDOs, COs and BLOs to give top priority to the revision of voters list in the district. The BLOs were directed to work even on their weekly off days to complete the work.He said the BDOs of Jale, Singhwara, Kewati, Darbhanga, Bahadurpur, Baheri, Hayaghat, Manigachi, Tardih, Benipur, Alinagar, Biraul, Gaurabauram, Ghanshyampur, Kiratpur, Kusheshwar Sthan and Kusheshwar East and the COs of Jale, Kewati, Baheri, Hanumannagar, Hayaghat, Tardih, Benipur, Alinagar, Biraul, Gaurabauram, Ghanshyampur, Kiratpur, Kusheshwar Sthan and KS East were found wanting in their works and action was taken against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17122900", "title": "When nothing helped, Facebook did", "text": "KOLKATA: Facebook has breathed new hope into Satabdi Santra, the Howrah college girl whose mother Chaitali died in the gruesome parcel bomb attack at home in September. By her own admission, Satabdi lost faith in people after the mishap and began viewing strangers with deep suspicion. In addition to the grief and anger that surged through her was the helplessness and worry over how she would arrange funds to repay her father Himangshu's massive treatment cost.When the financial situation began going out of hand, she wrote to chief minister Mamata Banerjee as well as the local MLA and MP, seeking support. But apart from Howrah Municipal Corporation that handed over Rs 10,000, no one responded. That is when she turned to Facebook and found help from unexpected quarters.\"The Facebook experience was overwhelming. People who were complete strangers stepped forward to provide moral and financial support. A member of the Mohun Bagan Facebook Fans Forum visited my father and another forwarded an appeal for financial help to me. These gestures went a long way in restoring my faith in people,\" said Chaitali, a journalism student who hasn't been able to attend college since that fateful day five weeks ago.Sunandan Banerjee, a member of the Mohun Bagan Facebook Fans Forum, who provided his own bank account because all bank papers of Satabdi and her parents were destroyed in the blast, says he acted just as any other person would do on learning about her crisis. \"She is a college student with no elderly family member to support her emotionally or financially. She hasn't even been able to grieve her mother's violent death properly as she has had to look after her father. I have tried to organize some funds but it is way short of what she needs right now,\" he said.Though West Bank Hospital, where a battered and bleeding Himangshu had been rushed on a motorcycle, looked at the case sympathetically and lowered costs significantly, Satabdi is still saddled with a Rs 4 lakh bill. \"Though there is fear of infection, I got my father discharged and brought him over to the house because the bill will continue to rise and I cannot pay it at the moment. Though the mediclaim policy reimbursed Rs 75,000 and relatives and friends contributed another Rs 1.40 lakh, there is still Rs 4 lakh I have to pay. The hospital authorities were considerate enough to release him on condition that I would repay it over a period of time,\" said Satabdi.She is also worried about how to sustain the two nurses who attend to her father daily. Having suffered third degree burns, Himangshu is lucky to survive. With 80% burns in his legs and right hand, he is completely bed-ridden and undergoes dressing every three days. \"Tapasidi, the 24-hour help for eight years, has not spoken about wages since the incident. But I cannot expect her to serve me without pay. Neighbours though have pitched in to contribute for the nurse's pay,\" she recounted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17122371", "title": "14 more granted bail in Azad Maidan riots case", "text": "MUMBAI: The sessions court on Tuesday granted bail to 14 more accused in the August 11 Azad Maidan riots case. The 14 who were released on bail also include two men who are accused of molesting women cops during the riots.Of the 63 people arrested for their alleged role in the violence on August 11, five were discharged and 32 have been granted bail.The court on Tuesday rejected the anticipatory bail application of one of the accused, Junaid Shaikh. , who had allegedly an accused who was allegedly seen in act of violence. Shaikh along with Akbar Khan and Nazar Siddiqui had said that they did not take part in violence.Two of the accused granted bail were booked for molesting the women police constables. The police constables had alleged that few of them from the mob had allegedly molested them in the melee.Advocate Khalid Azmi said, \"The court granted bail on Bombay high court's observation in this case that IPC sections 302 and 307 were not applicable, while Section 354 is a bailable offence. Most of them have spent almost three months in jail and were therefore entitled to bail.\"Meanwhile, the crime branch summoned two community leaders on Tuesday and has called them again on Wednesday. While police officers said the leaders were called to record their statements, sources said they are likely to be arrested a day before the cops file the chargesheet in the case on November 8.for provocative speeches and causing damages to public property.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17122421", "title": "Businessman loses Rs 4.5L in bank fraud", "text": "NEW DELHI: If your SIM gets deactivated suddenly, rush to freeze your bank account. Incidents of crooks getting account holders' SIMs locked before siphoning off funds through net banking are on the rise.In the latest case, a businessman based in central Delhi has complained that his account was emptied out without authorization soon after his SIM got deactivated. The businessman claims to have lost Rs 4.5 lakh in the fraud committed on October 30. Amit Gupta alleged he approached the local police station the same day but no action was taken. Now, the crime branch is investigating the matter after registering a case of cheating, criminal conspiracy and IT Act on November 4.Gupta's complaint states: \"On October 29, my mobile number went dead and when I contacted my service provider they asked me to get a replacement. I went to the store in Rohini where they replaced my SIM after taking relevant documents. Later, on enquiring from my service provider, I got to know that a duplicate SIM was issued to someone on October 29 evening from a store in Sarita Vihar\".When Gupta activated his new SIM, he received alerts form his bank about deductions from the account, using the third party transfer (TPT) facility, which he had not opted for. \"I immediately called my relationship manager, who informed me that a total of Rs 4,57,800 had been deducted from my account through 18 transactions since the morning of October 30. The money had been transferred to different accounts with the same bank, some of them located in Delhi,\" Gupta said.The victim alleged that he requested the bank to lodge an FIR regarding this fraud and to provide the IP addresses for these transactions but it refused to do so. He has now provided the beneficiary account numbers and their holders' details to the Economic Offences Wing of crime branch along with the transaction details and addresses that are available with the bank.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17123709", "title": "Vigilance panel to oversee security measures in Bangalore University", "text": "BANGALORE: Steps to tighten security on the Bangalore University (BU) campus are on the anvil after the alleged rape of a National Law School of India University (NLSIU) student recently.At the BU syndicate meeting on Tuesday , a vigilance advisory committee was set up to look into the matter. The committee of 13 members, will include heads of departments, registrars, finance officers , senior professors and a police official.A separate exam before the scheduled one for select students of VIII semester in June-July was also discussed at the meeting. This was criticized by many for favouring influential students . A committee led by syndicate member Zaheeda Mulla will look into the issue. It will also probe the alleged manual tampering of optical mark recognition (OMR) sheets of BU exams held in 2009-10 .New name or no name?The previous syndicate meeting had picked Dr RS Deshpande, director, Institute for Social and Economic Change, to head the search committee for the next BU VC. When the list reached the government, sources said the name of Dr VT Patil, former VC of Pondicherry University, was added by registrar BC Mylarappa, who has denied the allegation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17123511", "title": "Notice to Election Commission, BBMP on errors in electoral rolls", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka high court on Tuesday ordered notices to be issued to the Election Commission of India , chief electoral officer of Karnataka and the BBMP on a PIL relating to revision of electoral rolls.Asking the respondents to respond to the PIL, a division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen adjourned the hearing.\"Upon examination of the electoral rolls of the 27 constituencies of Bangalore city, which has been made available on the website of the Chief Electoral Officer, we have found errors similar to those in the electoral rolls of the Bangalore Graduates and Teachers Constituency Elections, 2012. About 10 lakh voters have been deleted, 2,000 voters with identical details have been repeated. There are misspelt names, some having incorrect or incomplete addresses, voters below the age of 18 years have been included. There are instances having incorrect data on the relationship between the voter and the relative; and also incorrect gender information,\" Commander PG Bhat, a retired naval officer and a member of Smart Vote, and others have complained in their PIL.The petitioners have sought for a direction to the authorities to undertake an intensive revision of the electoral rolls and complete it within three months from the date of commencement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "dhenkanal", "code": "17123012", "title": "Man kills wife, takes body to police station", "text": "DHENKANAL: In a crime of passion, a man strangulated his 'wayward' wife to death and lugged the body on his bicycle all the way to a police station to confess his lapse of reason.Suspecting his wife of having an extra-marital affair, Upendra Padhan of Nua Analabereni village strangulated Susila Padhan (22) to death and slit her throat with an arrow on Tuesday. Upendra contemplated fleeing the spot but as the gravity of the crime dawned upon him, he went and surrendered to police.Sources said the couple, married about year ago, used to have frequent fights over Susila's suspected affair with a man from the same locality. The couple had another fight late on Monday night. After a heated argument, Upendra killed her in a fit of rage in the village, around 25 km from here.A case was registered and the body has been sent for postmortem. The accused was forwarded to court on Tuesday, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17122608", "title": "Why concessional allotment on Sikar Road after 44 years : HC", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan High Court has asked the state authorities to explain the reason for giving land at huge concessional rates to the original tenant-allottees at Ambabari on Sikar Road who failed to took possession in 1963.The order came on a PIL filed by one Manoj Kumar. The petitioner has challenged the action of JDA to allot land at concessional rates to the displaced who were original tenants at Bassi-Sitarampura village at Ambabari on Sikar Road.\"The land of the villagers were acquired by the state government for Bhawani Nikaten College on Sikar road. The award of the land was passed in 1962 and a compensation of Rs 600 was determined to be paid to the original tenants at that time besides giving an alternative land measuring 4,400 sq yard at the rate of Rs 2.5 per sq yard which comes to Rs 11,000. The said sum was to be deposited till 1963. Suddenly in 2006, the legal heirs of tenants approached the JDA alleging that the amount has been deposited by them after 44 years which was consented due to political interference,\" said Rajendra Prasad , counsel for petitioner.It was also contested that the JDA decided to regularize the land in the name of the legal heirs of original tenants after taking a paltry sum of Rs 85 lakh only for 4,400 sq yard of land.\"The adjoining plots in vicinity were sold by municipal corporations a few years back at a price of Rs 1.8 lakh per sq yard and if that be taken as the minimum market price, the land is worth more than Rs 69 crore. The land was regularized and construction in collaboration with a builder is in full swing for commercial complex without permission from authorities,\" said Prasad.Taking a note of the allegations, a division bench of Chief Justice Arun Mishra and Justice N K Jain (senior) issued notice to commissioner JDA, UDH department and legal heirs of original tenants in whose favour the land was regularized for commercial use.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17122748", "title": "Free treatment: 10 hospitals get notice", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government on Tuesday issued showcause notices to 10 private hospitals in the city for not complying with a court directive of providing free treatment to the poor patients.Health minister A K Walia said the hospitals have been asked to explain within seven days why contempt of court proceedings should not be initiated against them for not complying with the directions of the Supreme Court and the Delhi high court.All private hospitals, which were given government land at concessional rates, are required to reserve 25% of their out-patient department capacity and 10% of beds for free treatment of the poor.Hospitals which have been issued notices are Dharamshila Hospital and Research Centre, Vasundhara Enclave; Escorts Heart Institute and Research Centre, Okhla; Max Super Specialty Hospital, Saket; VIMHANS, Nehru Nagar; Gujarmal Modi Hospital, Saket; Primus Super Specialty Hospital, Chankya Puri; Bensups Hospital, Dwarka; R B Seth Jessa Ram Hospital, Dwarka; Rockland Hospital, Qutub Institutional Area and Fortis Hospital, Vasant Kunj.Delhi government had issued notices to 34 private hospitals in September for failing to comply with the court directives, out of which 24 have started providing free treatment to poor as per the norms, said officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17123097", "title": "Prayers get costly in God's country", "text": "KOCHI: Surviving mostly on handouts and a prayer, private temples in Kerala are in a quandary over the state government's decision to enforce minimum wages for various categories of employees like shanthi (priest) and velichapadu (oracle). Temple owners say they have no means to pay such wages, even as they realize the dire condition of their employees.The decision to fix minimum wages was taken by the previous government and the relevant order was published as an extraordinary gazette notification on August 16, 2011. But things came to a head recently when a labour department official issued a notice to Parthasarathy temple in Guruvayur after a section of the employees complained about non-implementation of minimum wages.Parthasarathy temple's managing committee is planning to approach the courts seeking to quash the minimum wage order. \"We are also trying to enlist the support of other temples in this fight,'' the committee's president Udayan said.Out of the 18,000-odd temples in Kerala nearly 15,000 belong to the private category, according to S Jayasankar, author of the 15-volume 'Temples of Kerala' published by Central Census department. As per the prescribed minimum wages, the basic monthly wages of different categories of temple employees will vary from Rs 3,750 to Rs 7,480 depending on the income levels of the temples. Employees will also be eligible for DA as per government norms and other benefits like service weightage. In temples where no daily pooja is performed, employees will be eligible for proportionate wages.The government constituted a welfare fund for temple staff about six months ago. The fund is currently administered by the Kerala Shops and Commercial Establishments Workers' Welfare Fund Board and already, 1,481 staff from 1,045 temples across the state have registered for the fund. It makes them eligible for pension, family pension and medical benefits, though the quantum of many of these benefits has not been fixed yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17121229", "title": "Painting competition on expo premises", "text": "GUWAHATI: The organizer of the 12th International Leo Expo has arranged a painting competition for school students on November 11 on the fair premises. The competition will be categorized in two sections among students from classes I-X.Classes I to V will be placed under category A. For this category, the first prize is a semi-automated washing machine, the second price is a microwave oven and the third prize a mixture grinder. For B category, the prizes are Stylish, Vanilla and Royale chimneys from Propello. Eminent artists of Assam such as Biren Singha, Aminul Haque and Kiran Sankar Roy will grace the occasion as judges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17121504", "title": "RTI training in rural areas", "text": "HYDERABAD: Dozens of activists from United Forum for RTI Campaign (UF-RTI) will travel to remote mandals of the state to educate villagers on the law barely days after the central government withdrew some proposed amendments to the Right to Information (RTI) Act following protests.In order to put a cap on unnecessary RTI applications, especially on key government files, the Union cabinet had decided to amend the law, but last week it dropped its plan following vehement protests by RTI activists and the opposition.Now buoyed by their recent success, the UF-RTI, an umbrella organization comprising civil society groups, have decided to reach out to every district in the state by organizing training programmes at the mandal level and educate villagers about their rights. \"The district training programme will begin later this month in Srikakulam district and go on till March next year,\" B Ramakrishna Raju, the convenor of UF-RTI said on Tuesday.Even six years after its introduction, the RTI Act still remains a mystery to millions of Indians living in villages, critics say. The awareness among the rural masses on RTI act is around 5%, whereas in urban areas it is a mere 10%, they add.The UF-RTI has organized several short seminars and workshops on awareness on the act but it has never yielded the desired results because of poor penetration. Now, activists say the forum members will train and involve people from more than 1000 mandals across the state. \"We will allocate two days for every district and efforts would be on training people from all the mandals of that district. We will also form mandal committees who would highlight the importance of the Act to others in their area,\" he said. \"The training would include how to make use of the Act for local development on various issues. Success stories from across the country will also be spoken about,\" Raju said.The Act was introduced to bring more transparency and combat corruption by the previous Congress-led coalition, but it never had any takers in governments across the country, who feared witch-hunting and harassment. \"Now with the help of this programme, we would like to empower the rural population by teaching them the implementation of RTI in their daily lives,\" said Rakesh Reddy, another RTI activist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17122732", "title": "Collision averted at IGI", "text": "NEW DELHI: Misinterpretation of air traffic control instructions led to one flight having to abort take-off and an arriving aircraft to go around at the IGI Airport on Monday evening after an unscheduled aircraft accidently made its way on to runway 28.\"Four aircraft were involved in the incident that occurred around 7-7.30 pm but there was nothing serious or any threat to any aircraft. The confusion occurred between two private unscheduled aircraft which had similar call signs. The first one, VT-TLA, was not near the runway but on a taxiway. Another aircraft, VT-LTA belonging to L&T;, was waiting at the holding point to cross the runway. At the same time, a Jet Airways flight from Chennai was about to land and another Jet Airways aircraft to Doha was waiting at the holding point for departure,\" explained airport officials.Air traffic control asked VT-TLA to move but VT-LTA, waiting to cross the runway, thought the instruction was issued for it and progressed onto the active runway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17121541", "title": "Elderly woman thwarts robbery bid, 1 held", "text": "NOIDA: A 54-year-old braveheart woman repelled an attack by three armed robbers in Noida on Monday, leading to the arrest of one even as the other two escaped.Urmila Mishra, a resident of Sector 22, was returning home with her granddaughter on Monday evening around 6pm when she encountered the three armed robbers trying to break into her tenant's home on the ground floor. The trio armed with choppers and knives confronted Urmila when she asked what they were doing, police said.Threatening her with dire consequences, the intruders tried to overcome her moves to thwart their attempt to rob the home of Jaiprakash, who was not at home at the time of the incident. Urmila fought with the criminals and managed to push one of the robbers away even as the other two attacked her. She then raised an alarm.Urmila could have got killed, but she fearlessly prevented the robbers from carrying out their criminals activity, police said. She dodged getting stabbed by one of the robbers. Hearing her cries, a few neighbours rushed to the spot and helped her overpower one of the accused who was then handed over to the police when they arrived.The accused has been identified as Ishrar. He has been booked and police are checking his criminal record. Cops are interrogating him to nab his accomplices. Police suspect that the trio could be involved in several other robberies and chain-snatching incidents.Officials of Noida's Mahila Police Station said that the increasing number of theft and robbery attempts in unoccupied houses during the day is alarming. \"In the past few months, there many thieves have chalk out plans to target such houses. Acts of bravery and proactiveness such as the one shown by Urmila will deter such crimes,\" she said.Commending the efforts of the brave elderly woman, police officers said that people should draw inspiration from Urmila. \"At her age, she has set an example for people that it is possible to get criminals arrested if the victims fight back. Criminals will not be successful if the citizens are alert, aware and brave enough to resist,\" said a senior police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17122856", "title": "Mamata endorses Haldia agitation", "text": "KOLKATA: It may not be exactly music to the ears of industry in West Bengal, but at a close-door meeting of Trinamool Congress mandarins in Kolkata on Tuesday chief minister Mamata Banerjee was learnt to have thrown her weight behind the agitation in Haldia launched by Trinamool MP Subhendu Adhikary that has seen the exit of Haldia Bulk Terminals from the port. \"Mamata Banerjee has given full support to me,\" an upbeat Adikary said after the meeting.\"We are not worried if a handling agent leaves from Haldia. We are more worried about the interest of the 275 workers retrenched by HBT,\" he said, without mentioning about the 384 workers who lost their jobs after HBT had decided to quit. Significantly, Adhikary was the first speaker at the meeting while Mamata herself was the main speaker and the last. It is well-known that in such Trinamool shows Mamata herself has the final say on the list of speakers and for how long they would speak.The chief minister had said at the beginning of the HBT controversy that nothing had happened at Haldia, but had later said she would have to look into it. Last week, she had also sent a group of pro-Trinamool intellectuals on a fact-finding mission to Haldia. The ostensible reason for Tuesday's meeting was a belated \"Bijoya Sammilani,\" but in between her government had faced criticisms from different quarters on issues like Haldia and interference in the screening of 'Teen Kanya.'The contents of the meeting, in which district leaders of the party were invited besides senior leaders, M.P.s and MLAs, were stated to be a \"secret.\" But Trinamool general secretary Mukul Roy later criticized a section of the media. Adhikary said the government was facing opposition because of its stand that there would be no forcible land acquisition for industry. The assembled party leaders were asked to start a campaign on the Haldia issue throughout the state.Not all senior leaders of the party assembled at the meeting, though, appeared to have endorsed the chief minister's views on the subject. \"I was not listening to what the chief minister was saying in her speech. So, I am not competent to comment on it,\" a party M.P. said. A section of Trinamool leaders are of the view that the unrest in Haldia is the result of a business rivalry.But, while supporting the cause of the retrenched workers and endorsing the party's stand against land acquisition, the chief minister also had the ensuing panchayat elections in her mind, observers said. For, in her speech, she asked the party workers to be ready for the panchayat polls.She asked Trinamool workers to be ready for the general elections too, saying the Lok Sabha polls could be held at any moment. Critical of the Centres' decision to increase the LPG price, she said it was plagued by several serious charges of corruption. She also criticized Trinamool leaders for taking things easy, while she herself was slogging.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17122836", "title": "Decision on auto fare hike likely this week", "text": "NEW DELHI: The proposed hike in autorickshaw fares seems to have put the transport department in a muddle. Months after a committee was set up to look into the hike demand, the recommendations have been going back and forth, say sources.\"There is a lot of pressure from the autorickshaw unions for a substantial hike. The earlier recommendation by the department for a minimal hike of around a rupee per kilometre has been shot down,\" said an official. The committee will meet again later this week, for the final decision.It's not the first time that the Delhi government has mulled hiking fares. The autorickshaw unions have been demanding a hike for some time now. The government has so far stuck to the revised fares that have been in place since 2010 though transport minister Arvinder Singh set up the committee in July to look into the demand.Besides the increase in CNG prices, autorickshaw drivers have been complaining about inflation in prices of auto parts, labour and the cost of living. \"These would be some of the parameters that will be factored in while taking a decision on a fare increase,\" said the official.The department had calculated that the actual increase in expenditure due to the CNG hike was minuscule, said officials. \"On an average, an autorickshaw gives a mileage of 30km per litre of CNG, which works out to be less than an increase of Re 1 for TSRs after the hike,\" said the official.However, other factors will also be calculated while taking the decision, he said. The increase in the CNG prices since the last fare revision is 20%. \"While this is not a very high jump if calculated per kilometre, the price of spare parts and maintenance has gone up. This will be kept in mind while calculating the fare,\" added the official.Ever since the transport department last year announced that installing a GPS-based fare meter would become mandatory, the autorickshaw unions have been insisting on a fare hike. When the government had hiked the autorickshaw and taxi fares in 2010, it had added a component in the fare for the GPS installation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17123228", "title": "Campus lights up with culture", "text": "With the festival season in full swing, the campus of SDP College for Women sparkled with delightful colours as a two-day cultural Diwali festival began on Tuesday.Students from SDP educational institutions SDP Senior Secondary School, Hazuri Road, SDP Senior Secondary School, Basti Jodhewal, Ram Lal Bhasin Public School, Dugri and Om Parkash Gupta SDP Senior Secondary School, Quilla Mohalla and SDP Collegiate Senior Secondary School joined these festivities.SDP Sabha president Balraj Bhasin was the chief guest and he was accorded a floral welcome by principal Jasbir Kaur Makkar, director S Verma, principals of SDP Schools Jasveer Chauhan, Sarita Goyal, Gurleen Kaur and Sanjeev Bindra.The function began with Jyoti Prajavalan, after which students presented a cultural extravaganza of state dances, melodious folk and other songs, bhangra and solo and group dances. In the last part of festivity, Dr Veena Maan, Nivedita Arora, Bharti Saggar, Damandeep Kaur, Kundan Kamboj, Samariti Sarita, Jasmine and Rupali were honoured in the best teachers' category.In the students' category, students were awarded for their performance in academics and co-academics and for bagging prizes in Panjab University Zonal and Inter-Zonal Youth and Heritage Festival. The youngsters who were felicitated included Heena (histrionics), Jyoti Luthra (poetry writing &amp; recitation), Alka (henna-making), Rajni (pakhi-making), Priyanka Bajaj (crochet work), Jasdeep Singh (tabla), Inderpal Kaur (best speaker), Shilpi (best NSS volunteer) and Rajwant Kaur (best NCC cadet). In academics, Harsimranjit Kaur, Navdeep Kaur and Anjali of MSc-II, Vaneeta of BA-III , Harneet Kaur of BA-I and Priyanka Rani of PGDCA, Manisha and Shilpa of PGDFD were awarded certificates and prizes for securing positions in Panjab University annual exams in April.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17122610", "title": "CM barb at Centre on jute packaging norms", "text": "KOLKATA: West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee on Tuesday flayed the central government for diluting norms for use of jute in packaging of foodgrain and sugar.\"I strongly condemn the attitude of the central government for diluting the reservation norms for compulsory use of jute bags for packaging of goodgrains and sugar by 10% and 60% respectively for the year 2012-13.As a result, I am told that the price of raw jute has drastically fallen from 550 to 200 per quintal,\" said Mamata.\"It is a dangerous situation. The central government must not compel the farmers to commit suicide,\" she said in a facebook update.She said farmers of West Bengal, the largest jute-growing state, and other eastern region states like Bihar and Assam will suffer severely.The government has relaxed compulsory jute packing norms by allowing mills to pack only 40 per cent of their sugar output in jute bags this year, instead of 100 per cent.Under the Jute Packaging Materials Act (JPMA)-1987, the government had made 100 per cent mandatory reservation for jute bags for packaging of sugar and foodgrain.\"This anti-farmers decision of the central government will add more miseries to the livelihood of millions of small and marginal jute cultivators, and workmen involved in manufacturing of jute bags,\" the CM said.Stating that the central government is required to provide for compulsory 100 per cent use of jute for packaging of foodgrain and sugar under the Jute Packaging Materials (Compulsory Use in Packaging) Act, 1987, she demanded that the recent decision to dilute these norms must be withdrawn without any delay.\"It is high time for the minority UPA-II government to go. Farmers, workers and common people are not safe under this regime,\" the Trinamool Congress chief said while appealing people to unitedly raise voices against these atrocities", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17122135", "title": "Doctors relieve man of 'freeze' moments", "text": "MUMBAI: For Kishor Nikhar (50), life had become a bizarre game of 'stick in the mud'.For Kishor Nikhar (50), what started four years back as difficulty in writing, slowly turned into a condition where it became increasingly difficult for him to even walk. He was then wrongly diagnosed and treated for Parkinson's before doctors realized he was suffering from a rare neurological disorder. that made him freeze at a spot before he could walk again.Hailing from Thiruvananthapuram, Nikhar works as an engineer in Oman. It started in 2008, when Nikhar realized he had no control over his writing. \"I started sentences with big letters, but by the end of a line, they would become small. The lines would slope downwards despite writing on a ruled page,\" he said.Soon, Nikhar started having problems in walking. \"I would freeze suddenly while walking. It would take a while to start walking again,\" he said. As time passed, the 'freeze' moments increased-in frequency and intensity. He said, \"I went to three doctors. They said I was suffering from Parkinson's and gave medicines, but there was no improvement.\" Then, he came to Jaslok Hospital.Dr Paresh Doshi, who operated on Nikhar, was the only one who could recognize the problem for what it was. \"It took us three days only to examine him. Since the medication for Parkinson's did not work for him, we conducted other tests and found he was suffering from progressive supranuclear palsy (PSP),\" said Dr Doshi.PSP is a neurodegenerative disorder, which can make a patient wheel-chair bound in a few years. Doctors say it occurs because of degeneration of a particular nucleus in the brain stem. \"As a person ages, there is deposition of protein on this nucleus. The locomotor signals then take a lot of time to reach the muscles, causing freezes,\" said Dr Doshi.Nikhar is the third reported patient in the world to have undergone bilateral deep brain stimulation (DBS). \"We reached the brain stem with probes and checked the patient's reaction. We then placed two electrodes in the affected brain stem area,\" said Dr Doshi, who has performed the other two bilateral DBS.Nikhar is now fine and will fly back to Oman on December 1. He can walk long stretches without freezing, though still has some problem with small distances.\"The doctors have said that with time and practice, I will be able to overcome even the remaining glitches. I am just glad I am now well again and I can get back to work,\" said Nikhar, who is flying back to Oman on December 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17123009", "title": "'No check on radio cabs'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Get ready to shell out more for travelling in radio cabs in the city, as fares are set to go up by Rs 3 per kilometer following the recent hike in diesel price.A UT official, however, maintained that there was scope for radio cabs in both AC and luxury segment and that the problem laid with lack of proper monitoring of the existing system. \"There is no check on radio cabs and most of these move out of the city up to Solan, which is against the norms laid out for them. The initial plan was to provide 300 cabs in the first phase, with a cab at call for every 15 meters, to provide residents the facility of comfortable and affordable travel,\" he said.There were allegations that most of the cabs have tied up with big companies and people often complained that services of taxi operators were very poor and that a cab took up to an hour to reach their doorstep.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17124417", "title": "Clarify waiting-charge issue, HC tells state", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Tuesday rapped the Maharashtra government for the confusion over waiting charges in the new auto/taxi tariff card. \"We want clarity on the waiting charge issue,\" said a division bench of Justice Dhananjay Chandrachud and Justice Rajesh Ketkar.The court's remarks came even as the state indicated it was not keen on setting up an expert panel to formulate a mechanism of auto/ taxi fare raises. \"The government is obstinate and seems to be interested in protecting powerful groups,\" said the judges, adding that the state was trying to protect its IAS officers.Assistant government pleader S Shinde said the state wanted to file an affidavit in the matter. \"As per deliberations with the transport secretary, the state, before taking a decision on the expert committee, wants to file an affidavit to justify the setting up of a one-man committee under P M Hakim,\" said advocate Shinde. The court told the state to file the affidavit by November 19 and scheduled the matter for hearing on November 22.The court had earlier questioned the state for relying on only one person to formulate a fare-raise mechanism. Advocate Uday Warunjikar , counsel for the petitioner, Mumbai Grahak Panchayat (MGP), pointed to errors in the new tariff cards with regard to waiting charges and the Hakim committee's report. The court agreed, saying, \"You are using the old 200-metre slab for calculating waiting charges (for) the new tariff.\"Advocate Shinde admitted that there were issues with the new tariff cards. \"Unless all meters are recalibrated, some anomalies might exist,\" he said, assuring the court that efforts were being made to recalibrate all meters within the 45-day deadline (from the day the new fares came into effect).The state's dithering over appointing a new panel to decide auto/taxi fare raises had invited the wrath of the court on Monday, with the judges admonishing the state for yielding to pressure groups. \"Consumers should have a voice and they cannot be held hostage by show of strength on the streets,\" the judges had said.The court is hearing a piece of public interest litigation filed by MGP, challenging the Hakim committee's report and the October 11 fare hike\u00e2\u20ac\u201dthe third in a year. The court had suggested the setting up of an expert panel to look into the latest hike, which is one of the highest fare increases in recent times.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "jodhpur/jaipur", "code": "17122537", "title": "No elephant polo for Naomi Campbell's bash", "text": "JODHPUR/JAIPUR: It's official. There will be no elephant polo match in the grand function being organized by British supermodel Naomi Campbell.Naomi had reportedly planned an elephant polo match as part of a four-day gala to celebrate the 50th birthday of her billionaire Russian boyfriend Vladimir Doronin. However, the Animal Welfare Board of India (AWBI) has categorically asked the organizers to cancel the event.AWBI wrote a letter to the Rajasthan government on November 5 citing violation of animal welfare laws. Taking cognizance of the letter, the district collector Gaurav Goyal also shot off a warning to Naomi Campbell not to go ahead with the event as it violates the Animal Welfare Act. \"Earlier, the organizers had claimed that they have got relevant permission for this but later they backed off, saying they were not going ahead with it,\" Goyal said.Sources said that the organizers had planned to hold the event and invitations had also been sent out to the guests. The letter by the Central government body was reportedly issued on the persistence of People for Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA).\"We have brought this issue to the notice of AWBI, which is the top body for animal rights. After hearing the case, AWBI sprung into action and the event now stands cancelled\" said Benazir Suraiya, media coordinator, PETA .The letter noted: \"Law prohibits any person to exhibit or train any animal as a performing animal unless it is registered with the prescribed authority which is Animal Welfare Board of India\". The central government has framed the Performing Animals (Registration) rules, 2001 and amended it in 2002 under the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act, 1960.According to it performing animals are those which are used for the purpose of any entertainment including film or an equine event to which public is admitted.The board maintained that scheduled polo match clearly falls within the ambit of this definition. And using elephants for the said purpose without approval of the board is a violation of the act.The letter added \"None of the elephants that were supposed to be used in the polo match at Jodhpur were registered with the board and their ownership certificate issued by the wildlife department has not been received. Hence, it is stated that the organizing such an event will be in complete violation of the aforesaid animal welfare laws.\"Interestingly, elephant Polo in not new to Jodhpur as every host holding a lavish party or a rich wedding function under the royal settings of the Mehrangarh Fort and Umaid Palace makes sure to organize it for guests. For this, permission is granted by the Jodhpur Polo and Equestrian Society which makes the necessary arrangements.But the secretary of the society, Col Umaid Singh, expressed ignorance about any such law or approval by the AWBI as well as about elephant polo being part of the on-going birthday bash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17121715", "title": "Drunk drivers sentenced to a day\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s imprisonment", "text": "HYDERABAD: A city court on Tuesday sentenced five persons who were caught by traffic police while driving under the influence of alcohol to one-day imprisonment.During the weekend, traffic police had booked 203 persons for driving in an inebriated condition. Among these offenders, 90 persons were produced before the IV Metropolitan Magistrate court on Tuesday.According to the traffic police, the magistrate remanded five offenders whose blood alcohol level when they were caught was over 200 mAmg/ 100 ml (anything above 30 mmg /100 ml is punishable under the MV Act and even IPC) to one-day imprisonment.The offenders have been shifted to the Chanchalguda prison and they would be released on Wednesday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17124274", "title": "Burglar who raped Spaniard was out on bail, is arrested", "text": "MUMBAI: Smart work by the police led to the arrest on Tuesday of a burglar who allegedly raped a Spanish musician twice and robbed her in her Bandra flat in the wee hours of Monday. But they were still left red-faced as it emerged that the history-sheeter had been held last week for theft at actor Dino Morea's house, also in Bandra, but had walked out on bail thanks to a shoddy probe.Anwar Mohammed Ansari, 28, is a known offender with around 5-6 cases of break-in against his name. He is better known as Chor Badshah in the Reay Road slum where he resides with his wife, children and parents . An officer said in 2008 Ansari allegedly molested a Chinese national after entering her flat in Khar to rob the house. He fled after the woman and her room-mate screamed for help. However, he was caught by security guards and arrested by the police for molestation and house-breaking .Ansari was picked up on Tuesday along with a dozen other habitual thieves known to earn their livelihood by climbing drain pipes. He was arrested after giving dodgy replies to his interrogators. Also, the victims identified his torn purple shirt and blue jeans found in his home. Later, they also identified Ansari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17122410", "title": "Ex-MCD man acquitted in bribery case", "text": "NEW DELHI: A former MCD deputy chairman and Congress councillor accused of receiving Rs 1 lakh bribe was acquitted by a Delhi court.Special Judge Ravinder Kaur absolved former councillor Ashok Jain on Tuesdayfrom the charges of demanding and accepting bribe from Rishi Pal, saying the \"quality of evidence produced by the CBI is weak in nature.\" The court also directed Jain to furnish a bail bond of Rs 10,000 with one surety to appear before the Delhi HC as and when court issues notice in respect of any appeal filed against his acquittal.Pal had lodged a complaint with the CBI that the accused had sought the bribe to allow him to rebuild a new house in place of his old demolished one in central Delhi. The CBI had also claimed it caught Jain red-handed on August 12, 2004 while accepting the bribe at his MCD office in Old Delhi. Opposing the CBI contention, Jain had maintained \"there is no evidence of demand and acceptance of the bribe amount by the accused from the complainant.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17123710", "title": "Biking in search of the best place in world", "text": "BHOPAL: Having set out to discover the best place in the world, an Italian couple has zoomed into the state capital on their motorbike after covering about 30,000 kms spanning 15 countries. Biking has been a passion and fun for Thomas and Agata Invernizz, but they have been virtually living with their bike during the last one and half years. The two have no regrets and plan to do so for the next few years until they find the best place on earth.The couple who arrived in the city on Sunday, were putting up with a local bike enthusiast and would leave for Goa next.Sharing his experiences Thomas told TOI, \"We began our journey in July 2011 from Milan , Italy. \"It was an ordinary day in July when we embarked on the world tour. The preparations took us a long while and people back home and our friends were not very sure whether we would be in position to undertake the tour.A software engineer, Thomas added that he and his friend Agata left on the long an uncertain journey as, \"We didn't believe in consumerism that has prevailed upon our lifestyle and wanted to meet people and understand the varied culture and spread the message of peace.\"The couple had entered India four months ago. \"We have been to Himachal Pradesh, Delhi, Punjab, Haryana, Uttar Pradesh and now Bhopal .\"Agata, 26, a graduate felt, \"Society is losing its values. We packed our lives in about 300kg - the weight of the bike, some bags and left. We had to convince our family members but they understood that this is what makes us happy.\"Both said Turkey and India have been excellent places in the world so far. However, Agata complained that traffic in India has been the biggest 'hurdle' they have faced so far during their journey.The duo added that their experience in Pakistan was also horrific. \"We had to face several problems in Pakistan. However, it is a part of the journey and we knew of the hardships when we started our journey. People in Pakistan tried to dupe us,\" she added.The couple will stay in India until January, next year. \"We will move to Sri Lanka from here. We have not set any deadline for ending the journey on bike. I think another few more years we will be living our life on moto-bike. We are trying to find the best place of the world. And when we'll find it, it will be our secret place to live,\" the duo signed off and moved ahead.Bhopal connectionThe duo stayed with Syed Farooq Husain in Bhopal. Farooq himself has the credit of completing an 8,000km motorcycle journey from Dubai to London in support of underprivileged children in Egypt last year. Farooq who has business ventures in Dubai and India is planning another motor-bike journey next year from Dubai for some social cause.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17123558", "title": "Medha Patkar demands unconditional release from jail", "text": "BHOPAL: Narmada Bachao Andolan (NBA) leader Medha Patkar who was arrested by the Chhindwara police on Sunday night along with 17 farmer activists of the Kisan Sangharsh Samiti (KSS) continued with her indefinite hunger protest inside the district jail on Tuesday.Patkar's lawyer DK Prajapati met her in the jail and later told reporters: She is demonstrating against the barbaric police action against her and the manner in which she was arrested on Sunday night. She demanded her unconditional and immediate release and that she be permitted to go and meet the farmers agitating against the Pench Diversion Project.'' However, no bail application was moved by Patkar's lawyer for her release on Tuesday. Prajapati claimed that Medha Patkar's health condition was deteriorating as her hunger protest completed the second day.Meanwhile construction of the 51 metre high dam on the Pench river continued under tight and stringent police security. Patkar's supporters who reached the Chhindwara district jail to meet her were asked to return. Nearly NBA supporters reached Chhindwara on Monday who were detained by the police and released after questioning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17124575", "title": "Govt to appoint 596 assistant jailers", "text": "PATNA: In an initiative to make fresh recruitments in several prisons of the state, the Home (prisons) department has decided to recruit more ex-servicemen as assistant jailers in 55 prisons, depending on their physical fitness.Explaining the category of ex-servicemen, Anand Kishore, IG (prisons) said, \"We have vacancy for 596 assistant jailors in the state jails.\"To take the jail security a step ahead, we have decided to recruit ex-servicemen in Bihar jails. The remaining vacancies will be filled by general applications and promotions.\"He said that the selection will be of such personnel only who have served in regular army, navy and air force as combatant or non-combatant in any rank.The department will soon advertise these posts. \"The proposal does not include ex-servicemen who belong to Defence security core, general reserve engineering force, auxiliary force or paramilitary,\" said Kishore.The health standard will be the only decisive factor for the candidates.The age limit for the aspirants will be 50 years with capability of hearing sharp whispers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "17123116", "title": "Academia complex at Mahatma Gandhi varsity in Kerala", "text": "KOTTAYAM: Home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan underscored the necessity for promoting inter-disciplinary research to gain an edge over other developed nations in the knowledge sector.He was delivering the inaugural address after laying the foundation stone of the Convergence Academia Complex and opening of the staff flat complex in Mahatma Gandhi University on Tuesday.The new complex will house the seven inter-university centres and six inter-school centres initiated at the University during the past five years.Many of the nations which has outsmarted India in scientific explorations and knowledge production has been giving thrust to the inter- disciplinary research.Compartmentalisation of various faculties has become a major bottleneck in furthering academic pursuits and research innovatively, he said.MGU Vice Chancellor Prof Rajan Gurukkal presided over the meeting. Pro Vice Chancellor Dr Rajan Varughese, Suresh Kurup MLA, Registrar MR Unni, Syndicate members Prof Satheesh Kochuparambil, Prof Abdul Rahiman, Senate member K Sherafuddin, P Padmakumar, K Rajagopal and CPWD Executive Engineer C Baby spoke.The minister also released a book authored by Prof Sabu Thomas titled 'Composite Polymers' published by Wiley, UK.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17121569", "title": "Mixed feelings as CAT 2012 ends", "text": "CHENNAI: As many as 4,440 candidates took the Common Admission Test on Tuesday, the last of the 20-day series. With numbers varying from little more than 1,000 initially to more than 12,000 towards the end, trends indicate that most candidates wanted others to test the waters before attempting the exam.A total of 2,14,068 candidates registered for this year's test conducted in 61 test centres in 36 cities from October 11 to November 6.\"CAT continues to set a high benchmark as an assessment tool for admission into IIMs and other post-graduate programmes,\" said professor SSS Kumar, convenor, CAT 2012.There were mixed reactions about the difficulty level. Ajay Antony of coaching centre TIME said students' feedback and the institution's analysis showed that papers in CAT 2012 were a \"notch\" easier than those in the last couple of years.Sriganesh of Dreamchasers said all 15 of his candidates who took the test this year said the quantitative aptitude section was tougher than in previous years.Arks Srinivasan, CEO of Vista Mind, reasoned that because candidates were given specific time allocations for each section they could pick only the questions they were sure of and move on to the next section at the right time.On day 1, though the quantitative aptitude questions proved tricky the data interpretation questions in the same section were easy enough to offset the difficult part. He said that on day 1, a couple of questions in the verbal ability part were tough but the easy logical reasoning questions compensated for the loss of time.\"With CAT 2012 testing coming to an end, we are looking forward to the candidates who will come through our doors, and turning them into future leaders,\" said IIM-Kozhikode director Debashis Chatterjee.IIMs have said that like last year additional weightage would be given to girls and students from non-engineering backgrounds. Some candidates were unhappy, while IIM faculty said it more or less ensured diversity in the classroom.\"The CAT paper is based on Class 10 math and English standards. So, a candidate with an engineering or arts background is familiar with most of the content. Giving weightage to such factors is an unfair advantage to certain candidates,\" said Sandeep Kishore, an IIM aspirant.Hari Shreekumar, chairperson of admissions at IIM Trichy, said, \"Last year more than 50% of our students were girls. Though this cannot be proven mathematically I would say the added weightage ensured diversity in the class to a big level.\" This year around 67% of CAT applicants had an engineering background.The results are expected on January 9, 2013 and candidates can log on to to view results.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17122918", "title": "Govt's Puja gift brings the zing back to city's night life", "text": "KOLKATA: As the DJ churns out one chartbuster after another, a packed dance floor sways to their hearts' content at this Park Street nightclub. It is already an hour past Saturday midnight but the party animals jive on. Welcome back to the rocking Kolkata nightlife.The extension of shutters-down deadline on nightclubs has breathed new life into the city's party circuit.The government had lifted the Cinderella-hour diktat about four weeks ago. The excise department has extended the closing time for bars in restaurants and nightclubs till 1am while nightclubs can entertain guests till 2am on Wednesdays, Fridays and Saturdays.\"The zing is back in the nightlife. The footfall has gone up impressively since the Pujas. Party regulars who had shunned clubs due to the late-hours curb are now back with a bang. It is a win-win situation for the party people and the clubs,\" said Ritesh Shrivastava, head of operations Shenaz Hotels that runs Shisha on Camac Street.Kolkata nightlife had almost choked to death because of the midnight closure order after the Park Street gang-rape in February this year. You would be lucky to find a dozen clubbers on any dance floor in the last eight months. But now business is surging by 30-50%. \"The extension has given a breather to partygoers and clubs. Sales started shooting up right from the Pujas. We expect to do even better business from December onwards,\" said Subhabrata Dutta, general manager (operations) of Soho on Sarat Bose Road.\"We did not leave any stone unturned to resuscitate the nightclub life once the new order came. We flew in DJ Aqueel for the Pujas,\" said a source at HHI, where Underground is housed. \"The deadline extension has brought in a positive response. The numbers are looking up and we are thankful to the authorities for taking this positive decision. It will help us promote music and entertainment on Park Street,\" said a spokesperson for The Park that has numerous clubs, including Tantra, Someplace Else and Roxy.Akshay Gambhir, vice-president Club Town that runs Basement on Sarat Bose Road and Shimmers in Salt Lake Sector V, acknowledged the turnaround with the new deadline. \"We are happy to welcome back our guests most of whom had stopped partying due to the Cinderella-hour curb. Kolkata is a very cultured city and majority of clubbers party without creating any kind of trouble. We are looking forward to bigger and better crowds in December,\" said Gambhir.While most of the clubs are keeping their doors open till 2am on Wednesdays, Fridays and Saturdays, a few have chosen only Fridays and Saturdays because the license fee of Rs 10,000 per extended hour is too high for sales on a day like Wednesday. Till January this year, the fee was Rs 2,000 per hour. \"No doubt the footfall during Puja was good. But on a normal weekday it is tough to get the kind of crowd in proportionate to the license fee,\" said a spokesperson of Plush on Theatre Road.Some clubs attached with star properties, however, want a 24-hour licence. \"We feel 5-star deluxe hotels must be distinguished from the rest in terms of timings. We should be given 24-hour license as in Andhra Pradesh , Tamil Nadu and New Delhi in the interest of domestic &amp; international travelers and airline crews,\" said a Park spokesperson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17124570", "title": "Birju Maharaj, Girija mesmerize audience", "text": "PATNA: The three-day artistic voyage on the premises of College of Arts and Craft - Takshila Utsav - came to an end on Monday, with the multitude left wonderstruck with the artistic fervour of the iconic performers, Pandit Birju Maharaj, Vidushi Saswati Sen and Girija Devi.Though the Utsav's first day dedicated to 'bhakti sangeet', followed by Hindustani classical vocal music on the second, had also attracted a large audience, it seemed the third and closing evening of the utsav was the most awaited by city's art buffs as the college campus received the largest footfalls on Monday.Girija Devi's thumri in her signature style heralded the event and captivated the audience by the collage of her songs which gave the glimpse of the vast repertoire she possessed.Her classic performance was followed by the Kathak duet by Pandit Birju Maharaj and Vidushi Saswati Sen. With the tremendous show of their agility and dexterity, both the dancers mesmerized the multitude with the reverberations produced by the synchronized tapping of their feet. \"The best part of this performance was the stories interwoven in their display,\" said 19-year-old Shilpi, who herself is a Kathak dancer. She added,\" I wonder what is the source of the tremendous energy of Pandit Birju Maharaj?\"Though the two wonderful performances left the audience panting for more, the musical 'jugalbandi' of the two legends, Girija Devi and Pandit Birju Maharaj, stole the show. Pandit Birju Maharaj's explicit show of 'bhav' (expression) on the thumries of Girija Devi accompanied by Saswati Sen's dance on the song proved to be the zenith of the whole event. The cognition of melodious thumries, with striking 'bhav' and graceful presentation in the dance and the beautiful rapport shared between the three artists gave the glimpse of the vast cultural pool India possesses.\"Seeing such legendary artists performing live is a rare experience, and I believe I am left with no more desires now,\" said 45-year-old Aruna, a spectator who herself is trained Bharatnatyam dancer. The pro vice-chairman of Takshila Society, Sanjiv Kumar, thanked all the three artists for their wonderful performance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17121968", "title": "Jaganmohan Reddy gets ED summons in property attachment case", "text": "NEW DELHI: YSR Congress chief Jaganmohan Reddy has been issued summons by the Enforcement Directorate (ED) in connection with the attachment of his properties by the agency.The ED had last month issued attachment orders for properties worth Rs 51 crore belonging to Jagan and his associates in connection with its money laundering probe.According to sources, Jagan's authorized representative will present his side during the submission in the case scheduled for next month.A similar exercise will be carried out by the authority regarding the Rs 71 crore attachment order against Dubai-based Emaar Properties and its joint venture Emaar MGF, early next month.The agency, which has already questioned Jagan extensively in the past few months, had attached more than 13 acres of Janani Infrastructure Private Limited and fixed deposits worth Rs 14.50 crore of Jagati Publication Limited as \"kickbacks allegedly received in lieu of granting favours\" to private entities.Both the companies are owned by Jagan. The MP is lodged in the Chanchalguda prison in Hyderabad under judicial custody of CBI which is probing him and others in an alleged corruption and cheating case during the term of his father and then Andhra Pradesh chief minister Y S Rajasekhara Reddy.According to the CBI charge-sheets, the father-son duo allegedly doled out public properties, licences, projects, SEZs, mining leases, ports and real estate permission to various companies in violation of norms.In return, these firms bought shares in different companies floated by Jagan at unsubstantiated premiums. CBI has said this was done with a \"clear understanding of quid-pro-quo\", where Jagan received illegal gratification amounting to thousands of crores.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17123067", "title": "Juggernaut rolls at Anjali fest", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Children celebrated festivals of all religions at the Anjali International Children's Festival, the first phase of which concluded in the city on Tuesday. The camp came to life with 700 normal and differently-abled children celebrating Diwali, Eid and Halloween. The last day was reserved for the world famous Rath Yatra. Enthusiastic children were seen pulling the chariot of Jagannath, Balabhadra and Subhadra on the Adivasi Padia grounds and soaking in enjoyment.\"Our aim was to instill a feeling of unity among the children. During these five days at the Anjali camp we strive to present programmes that will excite and challenge children of all ages,\" said Shruti Mahapatra, the director of Swabhiman that organized this festival.Children were kept busy in a variety of activities such as singing, dancing, pottery, painting, paper cutting, theatre, magic, night sky-watching, etc. The participation of hundreds of differently-abled children proved the fact that given equal opportunity they can match and even excel in their chosen field of activity.\"Project Anjali is all about joyful learning and freedom from classroom. We can call it an experimental classroom where we have successfully taught history through theatre, local culture through dances, literature through puppetry, music and science through outdoor tips and communication through touch. Here we expose children to the outer world so that they discover their artistic skills,\" said Mohapatra.\"Children who participated in the festival are very talented. One has to see it to believe it. So we must allow children to follow their dreams instead of imposing our choices on them. Only then they will be able to do wonders,\" said Sudhakar Rath, a special educator. The major attractions at the fest was toy land and performances by artistes of 'Ability Unlimited' and 'Supun Dance Akademy' from Sri Lanka.Though the festival ended at Adivasi Padia, Bioscope, the a five-day children's film festival that is also part of the celebrations will start at Rabindra Mandap from Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "17125632", "title": "Batting coach appointment is demanding process: PCB chief", "text": "LAHORE: Pakistan Cricket Board chief Zaka Ashraf feels the appointment of a batting coach for the national team has become a challenging task given the interest shown by some of the country's stalwarts in the job.\"It will be a demanding process now to take a decision on who will be Pakistan's batting coach,\" he said.Ashraf's remarks came hours after Pakistan's former captain and most-capped player Inzamam-ul-Haq also expressed his interest in the position.\"If the board makes me an offer I will definitely give it serious consideration. Because I would love to help our the batsmen improve their game,\" Inzamam told reporters in his hometown Multan.Before Inzamam, former batting greats Zaheer Abbas and Salim Malik had also expressed their interest in the job.While Malik, who was banned for life for his role in the match fixing scandal in 2000, has formally applied for the job, Zaheer who is a member of the coaching committee said he was willing to step down to become batting coach of the national team.The PCB had set a deadline of November 5 for interested candidates from within the country and abroad to apply for the position which is expected to be finalised this month.The coaching committee is expected to meet this week to shortlist candidates and recommend their names to the board Chairman and executive coordination committee for approval.A reliable source said some foreigners with coaching credentials had also applied for the position.\"While Inzamam, Zaheer and Malik are no doubt big names in Pakistan cricket they are problems with their eligibility as none of them have done the level three coaching nor have experience of working with an elite player or team which is the requirement set by the board,\" the source said.He pointed out that they were also problems with Malik's eligibility as it was still unclear whether the ICC would allow him to be given any official coaching position with the national team.\"And it is still not clear whether his ban was been set aside by any court of law,\" the source added.He, however, admitted that Zaheer was a prime candidate for the position despite his qualification problems as he had previously worked with the national team as manager and was well respected by the players and in the cricket community.Inzamam also told the media that the board had done the right thing by deciding to appoint a professional batting coach as it was the need of the times.\"There is no doubt that we need to bring in more consistency in our batting and we need someone to groom our younger players and fine tune the seniors when required,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17124623", "title": "2 crore students to take pledge today against use of tobacco", "text": "PATNA: National president of Cancer Awareness Society (CAS), T P Sinha, and its vice-president, Dr A A Hai, on Monday urged the people not to use tobacco, at least on November 7 observed as the Pledge Day every year.Sinha said about 2 crore students of 2.50 lakh schools across the state would take the pledge that they would never consume tobacco and its products. They would also take the pledge to persuade their family members to stop using tobacco and its products, Sinha said.Dr Hai said 53.3% of the state population use tobacco and its products. The state government's decision to observe Pledge Day and ban on sale of gutka in the state would help bring down their consumption to 35% (national average) in next three years. State IMA president Dr A K Thakur and its vice-president Dr Sahjanand Prasad Singh hoped the state would become tobacco free some day. IMA national chapter member Captain DVS Singh lauded the state government for its decision while Red Cross Society chairman, Dr Vinita Prasad, said the decision would help in reducing the number of cancer patien ts in the state every year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17122631", "title": "After 28 train thefts, \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcBunty-Babli\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 nabbed", "text": "NEW DELHI: She is 23 years old, comes from a well-off family and has a double MA in Hindi and Sanskrit. For the railway police, however, this Kanpur girl, Moni Singh, is the 'Babli' of a 'Bunty-Babli' gang that is wanted in 28 cases of theft inside two-tier AC coaches .Her heists were meticulously executed but one slip-up led to Moni's arrest, along with her partner Mohammad Naushad, 31, on Monday. The duo had made 28 train journeys on the same alias in four months, which proved to be their downfall. Goods worth Rs 14 lakh, including diamond-studded bangles worth Rs 6 lakh, have been recovered from them, cops said.\"Moni has told us her tale resembles that of Bunty and Babli. she also claimed to be a professional who would have switched to a new crime if she found a safer option,\" said DCP (crime) S B S Tyagi. Police said circumstances led the two into crime. Moni had been dumped by her husband and was determined not to return to her father's house without becoming financially independent. Naushad needed money to treat his sick wife.Moni hails a well-off family in Kanpur and was married off at the age of 19 to a man who owned land in the Kanpur region. However, things did not quite work out and her husband left her within months. Moni then joined a telecom company in Lucknow as a customer care executive. There she came in contact with an executive, Shivam Sharma, who also led a small gang of bag-lifters. The gang needed a woman and she fit the bill. Moni was then introduced to Naushad in May this year and the 'Bunty-Babli' pair was born.Moni and Naushad, a petty vendor from Shastri Nagar in east Delhi, hit upon a perfect plan - stealing from train passengers in two-tier AC compartments. Naushad used to buy tickets on a fake PAN card in the name of Ahmed Raza, mostly under the tatkal quota. Moni was named Yasmeen Parveen, Raza's wife. The couple travelled on some of India's best trains - Rajdhanis, Sampark Krantis and Durantos that left Delhi late in the evening. The duo told the cops that their favourite hunting grounds were the Jammu Rajdhani, Bangalore Rajdhani and the Uttar Samparkranti Express.\"The duo stole valuables from passengers' bags after midnight. As a rule, they never got off the train after a heist to remain above suspicion. Before targeting the luggage, they always switched on the lights inside the coupe to monitor the sleeping passengers. They emptied the bags, keeping the valuables with them and throwing the rest of the luggage out,\" said additional DCP (railways) Sanjay Bhatia.Cops have found the duo took 28 train trips to Jammu, Ratlam, Chakki Bank, Jaipur, Agra and Bhopal from July 10. \"Initially, they kept a gap of four days between each trip. However, since the end of September, they made a habit of taking a trip almost every second day,'' said DCP Tyagi. Moni used to deposit her share in an account at Lucknow. Naushad deposited the money in his wife Ismat's account. He had recently purchased a flat in Shastri Nagar after paying Rs 4 lakh as advance payment.\"We received a complaint from a woman travelling in Pooja Express, saying she had lost her belongings in the train. The PNRs of co-passengers were verified and their credentials checked. It was found that one tatkal ticket was booked through an one agent named Ravi in Shastri Park,\" DCP Tyagi said. Enquiries were made and Ravi revealed that the ticket was for Ahmed Raza, who had made 28 journeys in the past four months along with his wife, Parveen or Yasmeen. On November 1, a trap was laid in New Delhi station and the accused were held.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "17121330", "title": "Create culture of honesty &amp; integrity, CAG tells graduates", "text": "SHILLONG: The youth need to practice and promote ethical values in any profession they pursue and have to set the tone and create a culture of honesty and integrity, said Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) of India Vinod Rai.\"Adherence to ethics and integrity needs to be ingrained in your subconscious and not compromised under any circumstance,\" the CAG exhorted in his address to fresh graduates on the occasion of the 20th convocation of North-Eastern Hill University (Nehu) here on Tuesday.\"One cannot compromise with integrity whether in public administration or in the corporate sector,\" said the CAG, whose recent report revealing anomalies in coal-blocks allocation rocked the nation. \"Today, issues of ethics, accountability, probity and transparency have taken centrestage. Each one of us are facing the dilemma of how we can introduce ethics and morality in public life and give a heritage to the next generation that they can be proud of,\" he said.\"Ethical management and leadership is the cornerstone of any successful business enterprise,\" he said. He added that no organization or profession can be sustainable and successful in the long run, unless it is built on an \"edifice of credibility and integrity\".\"Any organization or business enterprise, which seeks to establish rapid growth without sound ethics, is bound to falter in the long run. History tells us that many countries have been destroyed not by external aggression but internal malfeasance,\" cautioned the CAG.Quoting from a speech delivered by Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan, Rai said, \"Unless we destroy corruption in high places , root out every trace of nepotism, love of power, profiteering and black marketing which have spoiled the good name of this great country in recent times, we will not be able to raise the standards of efficiency in administration as well as in the production and distribution of necessary goods of life.\"\"A free India will be judged by the way in which it will serve the interests of the common man in the matter of food, clothing, shelter and social services,\" he added.He said, \"It calls each one of us to account and scrutinize our action and ensures we can withstand its scrutiny. Time has come when we will all be held responsible for our actions and the need of the hour is for all of us to stand up to this challenge,\" the CAG told the 8035-odd graduates who received their degrees in various fields of academics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17123272", "title": "8 dengue cases reported in district", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Eight dengue cases have been reported in the district, health department said on Tuesday.Out of these, four patients have been discharged after treatment while the remaining are undergoing treatment at hospitals in the district and are recovering fast.Chief medical officer Padmakar Singh said, \"The number of dengue cases is likely to fall in days to come as mosquitoes responsible for spreading it are not able to survive in cold weather.\" Meanwhile, the health department has started fogging and anti-larva drive.CMO added that samples of suspected cases were also collected.The health officials are also visiting private nursing homes to take stock of situation. Efforts are being made to ease the dengue scare in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "thiruvananathapuram", "code": "17123063", "title": "IOB seeks full-fledged bank status to its overseas offices", "text": "THIRUVANANATHAPURAM: The Indian Overseas Bank (IOB), which is on an expansion and upgradation spree, has sought permission from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to upgrade its three representative offices in China, Vietnam and Dubai to a full-fledged bank status.The bank's remittance business grew 24% with 14,000 fresh Non Resident External (NRE) accounts opened last year, said M Narendra, chairman and MD of IOB, on Tuesday. Total business rose to Rs 3,42,508 crore as on September 30, 2012 from Rs 2,90,744 crore a year ago, an increase of 17.80%.\"The NPA level of the bank in the last two quarters was slightly higher due to the economic slowdown, but we are aiming at recovery upgradation,\" said Narendra. The bank, which now operates 158 branches in the state, will open 43 additional branches by next year. \"The IOB has initiated the process of hiring 1500 clerical-level employees, 1500 probationary officers, 387 specialists through the IBPS and 500 credit officers which I hope to fill through campus recruitment including Kerala colleges,\" he stated.He also said the bank will open SME processing centres in the state capital to cut through the branch-level hassle in loan disbursement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "17121106", "title": "4 test positive for dengue in Garhwa", "text": "GARHWA: The district health department is on the alert after four patients tested positive for dengue in a private clinic in Garhwa.The affected persons are Suresh Saw and Lalan Baitha from Palamu district and Parvez Khan and Aman Bhardwaj from Garhwa town. Dr. Pankaj Prabhat said the cases of Saw and Baitha were in primary stages and they were likely to recuperate soon. He said dengue virus mostly attacked during the onset of winter. \"Dengue fever is an infection spread by aedes mosquitoes. Accumulated water in the nearby areas is the main breeding ground of aedes mosquitoes,\" he said.Garhwa civil surgeon Raj Mohan said, \"Though we have no confirmed information about dengue cases in Garhwa, but suspected cases of dengue patients are being reported for the past couple of days.\" He also said as far as two cases of Palamu district were concerned, they informed the Palamu civil surgeon about it.Meanwhile, the civil surgeon said the district administration was praying larvicide in waterlogged areas. The district administration has also planned to distribute hand bills among the people that contain precautionary steps to prevent spread of dengue.The civil surgeon has also cautioned private clinics, nursing homes and hospitals across the district and sought report of dengue cases, if any.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17124379", "title": "Fake cops arrested for robbing man", "text": "MUMBAI: Two men were arrested for allegedly posing as cops and abducting, assaulting and robbing a Bhayander resident. They were employed in private firms and robbed people for extra income, it was learned. The po|lice said Ramdarshan Sahani (24) of Ambe Nagar in Bhayander (W) was on his way to work around 6am on Monday when two men\u00e2\u20ac\u201didentified as Manoj Singh (31) and Devendra Shinde (28) \u00e2\u20ac\u201dapproached him and introduced themselves as cops.The duo told Sahani that he was being arrested for a crime and that the details would be explained to him at the police station. The men then forced Sahani into a waiting autorickshaw. As the auto started moving, they allegedly assaulted Sahani and robbed him of his mobile and Rs 620. They abandoned him near a mall and fled. The duo was later nabbed based on the descriptions given by Sahani. TNN", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17123255", "title": "Police sniffing for drunken drivers", "text": "ALLAHABAD: With winter approaching, traffic police department has planned to crack down against drunken drivers. Equipped with breath-analysers, traffic cops are busy finalising spots for conducting the drive, including near marriage parties and highways.Asserting that drunken driving is a major cause behind road accidents that claim several lives every year, traffic police officials have chalked out a fresh strategy to take on those driving under influence of alchohol. As part of the ongoing traffic fortnight, cops have come up with the slogan 'Don't mix driving and drinking' and urged drivers, especially youngsters, to shed this dangerous habit. In the wake of the marriage season, trafic cops believe they have a challenge ahead of checking those who drive back home after heavy drinking putting their own and the lives of others in the car too.Drunken driving has been identified as a major reason behind fatak accidents. Statistics show 27 per cent accidents on city streets or highways occur due to driving under influence. Traffic Inspector, I P Singh pointed out \"Drivers, apart from saving their lives and their vehicles, should also spare a thought for others.\"After drinking, moderately or heavily, the judgment of the driver is impaired and he becomes a threat to road safety. A drunken driver is indiscreet and rash and tends to take more risks, as he is more aggressive and takes longer to react as in speeding down or pulling the brakes. It is a fact that the risk of accidents increases with the rising level of alcohol in blood.Interestingly, the traffic police had last year maintained a register enrolling names and addresses of those caught on charges of drunken driving and a total of 47 names were enrolled.A survey by traffic police points out that drunken driving is a routine among commercial vehicle drivers. Youngsters indulge in it for sheer thrill. Small liquor and beer shops along the highways are also to blame. Experts feel a drunken driver cannot be perfect and cannot perform his task without endangering road safety.Motor Vehicle Act, 1939, amended up to 1989 contains a clause 117 which reads: \"117) Driving by a drunken person or by a person under the influence of drugs - whoever while driving or attempting to drive a motor vehicle or riding or attempting to ride, a motor cycle - (a) has in his blood, alcohol in any quantity, howsoever small the quantity may be or (b) is under the influence of a drug to such an extent as to be incapable of exercising proper control over the vehicle shall be punishable for the first offence with imprisonment for a term which may extend to six months or with fine which may extend to two thousand rupees or with both; and for a second or subsequent offence, if committed within three years of the commission of the previous similar offence, with imprisonment for a term which may extend to three thousand rupees, or with both\". Traffic police department is making efforts to create awareness on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17123122", "title": "Harper's date with butter chicken", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After an initial flip-flop, it is final. Canadian premier Stephen Harper will visit a dhaba in Sector 28 on Wednesday to grab a bite of ''Punjabi desi khana'', about which he has reportedly heard much from NRIs settled in his country.Official sources monitoring his trip here confirmed that a visit to the eating joint, which was popular for both chicken and mutton cuisines, was back on the Canadian prime minister's itinerary after it was cancelled due to security concerns.Gurmeet Singh , owner of the dhaba, said, \"We expected to see the Canadian PM even when his visit was cancelled. There won't be any special dishes on the platter. The embassy staff that had come here for recce earlier this month had asked us to dish out desi Punjabi food, which we do every day. The dhaba neither has special dishes on different days of the week nor special names for cuisines.\"On how the eating joint was picked up by the visiting dignitary, he said the credit goes to Punjabis who must have told him about the mouth-watering non-vegetarian dishes of Punjab.According to the initial reports, Harper will be accompanied by five ministers of his cabinet during his visit to the dhaba. He is here as part of his Indian tour to promote trade in both the countries. He is on the official visit to India till November 9.Earlier at a press conference on November 2, Canadian embassy had said that though details of the planned meal at the dhaba were finalized, it was cancelled due to security concerns. But it had not ruled out food being packed and served to the PM at his place of stay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17124094", "title": "Bihar Human Rights Commission summons Saharsa DIG, Madhepura SP", "text": "PATNA: The Bihar Human Rights Commission (BHRC) on Tuesday summoned DIG, Saharsa range, and SP, Madhepura to appear personally before the commission on December 17 to explain the 'inordinate delay' in investigation of a case related to a girl's murder on April 17, 2004.It has asked the two officers to inform the commission about action taken, if any, against the police officers responsible for the delay in investigation of the case.Jaimala Devi, the mother of the deceased, Shivani, lodged an FIR against her relatives Shambhu Prasad, Shailendra Yadav and Ramesh Prasad Yadav of village Sahugarh, Diwani Tola, under Madhepura police station.\"Jaimala had complained about police inaction in the murder case. According to reports made available to the commission, the then SP, Madhepura, in 2004, had found true the allegations against the three accused named in the FIR. He had ordered the police station concerned for their immediate arrest. It is not clear why the above order by the SP was not executed till July, 2011, over seven years after the murder,\" BHRC member, Neelmani, said.\"According to the last report submitted to the commission by the DIG, Saharsa, vide his letter on July 7, 2012, Madhepura SP did not submit clarifications on certain points raised in the DIG's supervision despite reminders to him and, therefore, the DIG was not in a position to take decision in the case as yet,\" Neelmani's order read.\"The abnormal delay in taking the final decision in investigation of a murder case is pathetic and the commission is constrained to take a serious view of the matter,\" Neelmani said.Copy of the order was faxed to DIG, Saharsa and SP, Madhepura, for compliance and to the IG, Darbhanga Zone, and the DGP for information.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17124025", "title": "Two arrested for Rs 9 lakh robbery", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Sardarnagar police arrested two people in connection with a robbery of Rs 9 lakh from Palanpur a week ago. Police have also managed to recover the entire amount from the accused.According to Sardarnagar police, Mahesh Makwana, a resident of Palanpur, had been to State Bank of India branch on November 1 and had withdrawn Rs 9 lakh from his bank account.He came out with a plastic bag containing 18 bundles of currency notes of Rs 500 denomination.When he was sitting on his scooter, two men came on a bike and snatched the bag from his hands. Makwana filed a complaint with Palanpur police for the same.\"We had got a tip-off that the robbers involved in the incident were from the city. On the basis of this information, we arrested Alpesh Chhara, 23, and Kirit Chhara, 21, both residents of Chharanagar in Sardarnagar.\"We have also seized the bike used in the incident as its description matched with the CCTV footage we found from the spot. We also managed to recover the entire amount as the duo had decided to divide it after a few days,\" said a Sardarnagar police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "17121298", "title": "Police find rifle from poacher's house", "text": "JORHAT: Police on Tuesday found a .303 rifle that was used to kill five one-horned rhinos in and around the Kaziranga National Park in the past few months. Police said the rifle and a silencer were buried under the ground at Bokakhat Bamungaon village in Golaghat district.This came after police arrested two poachers from Jagun area in Tinsukia district on Monday. The rifle was found from the residence of Amor Pegu alias Oci, one of the poachers. The other poacher is Rahul Pegu. Both the poachers are from Bokakhat Bamungaon village.\"We found a .303 rifle and a silencer buried under the ground in Amor's house on Tuesday morning. The poacher's statement helped us to locate the rifle,'' said superintendent of police (Karbi Anglong) B B Chetry.\"Amor Pegu alias Oci confessed that the rifle belonged to his elder brother Naren, who was also a poacher. However, after his brother's death in an encounter in 2010, he started using the rifle. Amor has killed five rhinos so far with the rifle,'' the SP said.Chetry said, \"Security forces arrested 32 poachers and rhino horn smugglers from Karbi Anglong, Golaghat, Nagaon, Sonitpur and Tinsukia districts in the last one month. A huge cache of arms and ammunitions were also found on them.\" A joint operation of police, Army and CRPF was launched in Karbi hills and other adjacent districts against poachers after Kaziranga lost four rhinos to poachers within a month during monsoons.Meanwhile, police arrested one more poacher from Gohpur area in Sonitpur district on Tuesday. Police said the arrested poacher was identified as Sashidhar Dolly and he was caught when three poachers tried to sneak into the park. However, the other two managed to escape.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17124489", "title": "CCTV footage unable to zero in on sr citizen\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s killer", "text": "MUMBAI: Investigations into the murder case of senior citizen Nirmala Vora have drawn a blank with CCTV footage unable to throw up images of the suspects. Nirmala, 73, was robbed and killed at her Malad home on Sunday evening when her only daughter, Chetna, was minding customers at her juice shop at a mall. The dog squad picked up the scent of the accused from the house and went straight to the mall, located at least 3 km away.\"The sniffer dogs halted at a location near the juice store. But hoardings put up at this location restrict the view of the CCTV. Had we got images of the suspect from the CCTV footage, it would have simplified the probe,\" said a senior official. The police have also checked visuals from a camera installed by a restaurant adjacent to the Nemani chawl where Nirmala and Chetna stayed. But the images are not very clear.The police have already detained Chetna's employee, Balram Jaiswal, for questioning. They are also tracing the whereabouts of former employees. \"We have got contact numbers of some of the men and will go through their call records. Two teams\u00e2\u20ac\u201done of them from the crime branch\u00e2\u20ac\u201d have gone to Rajasthan to locate the men,\" said an official.Investigators have also established that the knife used in Nirmala's murder did not belong to her kitchen. \"The accused left behind the bloodied knife in the house. Chetna has confirmed that both knives in her mother's kitchen are intact. This indicates that the murder was planned well in advance and the accused had brought a knife along,\" said an official. No fingerprints were found on the murder weapon.Chetna had spoken to her mother once on Sunday afternoon. Nirmala's nephew, who grew up in her house when he was younger, had also visited her on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17124440", "title": "Think twice before littering roads", "text": "VARANASI: Think twice before throwing domestic waste on roads and public places during Diwali. The municipal corporation may impose fine for it.Varanasi Municipal Corporation is not going to launch any special drive for cleanliness and sanitation for Diwali. But, it wants residents not to dump household waste along the roads or lanes. \"Before Diwali, people make the houses neat and clean. It is a general tendency to throw the waste out of the house without thinking about the problems of others. Such people would be fined if found guilty,\" warned Sachchidanand Singh, additional municipal commissioner.But, what about the insanitary condition of the city. One can see heaps of garbage and overflow of sewer in many areas. VMC has drafted a city sanitation plan, it had yet to see progress. Singh said that work on the plan would begin soon.The Central government had identified 100% sanitation as a goal during the 11th Five Year Plan. The ministry of urban development launched a country-wide National Urban Sanitation Policy (NUSP) in November 2008 with an objective to urge states to draft own strategies based on the policy while taking into account specific requirements.The NUSP defines the city sanitation plan as \"a comprehensive document which details out the short, medium and long term plans for the issues related to governance, technical, financial, capacity building, awareness and pro-poor interventions to ensure 100% access to safe sanitation.\"The city sanitation plan for Varanasi has been prepared with support from GIZ-ASEM. It has been designed to address the special nature of the city which has undergone massive interventions like Ganga Action Plan without much effect. According to the draft report, the CSP is directive in nature, suggesting various possible interventions and principles to achieve sanitation in a comprehensive way. Various technological, management and institutional options have been examined, which will facilitate the urban local body to adopt specific strategies and projects best suited to the situation.The NUSP report says that on the sanitation ranking, out of 423 cities being ranked for the levels of sanitation, Varanasi fares at 331. It is under the red category, which means that it is on the brink of public health and environmental emergency and needs immediate remedial action.The city does not have the systems of combating open defecation, solid waste management systems are not in place and sewage is managed with obsolete technologies, without appropriate protective gears for the workers.The CSP has taken up many key issues to address like public toilets, sewerage system, solid waste management system and others. Varanasi is deficient in requisite number of toilets, as a result of which the citizens have to resort to open defecation.This is ironic in a city which is of religious significance and also one of the most frequented tourist destinations. The public toilets in the city are inadequate and under-maintained. The urban poor also lack access to toilets.The cumulative result is open defecation being practiced rampantly, affecting the health and environment. In Varanasi, 15% of the households do not have access to toilets and resorts to open defecation. Open defecation is being practiced in slum as well as non-slum areas. There is a severe shortage of toilets for the urban poor. In the existing condition, there is one toilet seat for 158 people on an average as against the national norm of one seat per 50 users.Another important key issue is that there is no coverage to sewerage system in peripheral areas and limited sewer connectivity in covered areas. The overall condition of sanitation situation in the city looks bleak. The coverage of sewerage network is only 78% and hence a large chunk of population depends on onsite disposal of sewage.The condition of solid waste management is also pathetic, when the total waste generated in the city is to the tune of 600 MT. Similar is the condition of storm water drainage system.The storm water is drained off in Varanasi through very old and open drainage system. Most of the drains have been connected to branch sewers mixing sewage with storm water. Thereby, increasing load on the sewage treatment pumps and plants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17124654", "title": "After 14 years, civic employees to get promotion", "text": "NASHIK: Employees of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) will be promoted after a period of 14 years with the civic administration assuring complete transparency in the promotion process. The announcement will be made at 3pm tomorrow and to ensure transparency in the process there will be a live telecast of the proceedings via two screens outside the NMC headquarters.This will be the first time since 1999 that the employees will be getting promoted according to the seniority list prepared four months ago, for which a hearing was conducted in the end of August this year.The hearing, which invitedobjections to the promotion list, was also held in 2006. An official said that around 600 people were likely to get promoted. The Municipal Employees Sena, led by Shivaji Sahane, had also approached municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare, regarding the issue on employees' promotion. Earlier, the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) had approached the commissioner over the subject.\"In the last 12 years, there werediscrepancies in the promotions' process. The commissioner has assured us that this time political or monetary pressure will not be entertained and promotions will be given according to the seniority list,\" said Sahane.Khandare said that the promotions will be done at the earliest but as per the demand for 100% promotions, he would have to go through recruitment rules and the proposal that was given to the state government. There are 1,098 posts and promotions are due for 592 places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17124685", "title": "Rs 30k stolen from shop on College Road", "text": "NASHIK: Rs 30,650 were burgled from a shop on College Road on the intervening night of Friday and Saturday. Ramesh Thakker of Shantiniketan apartment, Shankar Nagar, told Gangapur cops that the burglary took place between 9pm on Friday and 7am of Saturday last week at My Shoppe Mall in Majestic Building. Unidentified persons broke the lock on store shutter and made away with cash kept inside.Theft at industrial unit in Ambad: A laptop and copper wire weighing 150 kg were stolen from an industrial unit, Ekmek Structure Pvt Ltd, in Ambad on the intervening night of October 24 and 25. The complainant, Monal Bavishi said the stolen items, amounting to Rs 60,000 were stolen by burglars who accessed the unit through the rear window.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17124408", "title": "Congress slams NCP over Chavan remark", "text": "MUMBAI: The Congress on Tuesday hit back at the NCP over its leader Nawab Malik's statement that the chief minister was unable to take swift decisions.In what seemed to be a veiled attack on senior NCP leader former deputy CM Ajit Pawar, Congress's Sachin Sawant said, \"Everybody in the state knows what happens to those who are known to take speedy decisions... The CM does not take decisions in the interest of developers and contractors. He understands a subject and takes a decision in the interest of citizens.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17124591", "title": "Minority panel chief\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s petition dismissed", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court on Monday dismissed a quashing petition filed by Naushad Ahmad, chairman, Minority Commission, and imposed on him a cost of Rs 25,000 for filing a second petition after his first one was rejected by the same bench.Observing that the petitioner had filed the second petition in the same case, the single bench of Justice Rakesh Kumar remarked that he had filed the petition with a view to hoodwink the court.Censuring the petitioner for such act, Justice Kumar observed that this was a glaring example of attempt to commit fraud with the judicial proceeding. He directed the Jehanabad court to dispose of the case within eight months of production of this order by holding trial at least twice a week. Justice Kumar also directed Ahmad to cooperate with the trial court.The matter is related to selling of a plot to Afsar Imam, member of Janata Housing Cooperative Society, by Ahmad who was president of the society in 1990. When, in 2001, Afsar came to know that the plot actually belonged to Jehanabad Zila Parishad, he filed a complaint case against him before the CJM, Jehanabad, charging him with committing fraud, cheating and criminal conspiracy. The CJM took cognizance of the charges and transferred the case to the court of SDJM, Jehanabad. The SDJM had dismissed Ahmad's discharge petition in the case. Then he filed the first quashing petition before Patna high court in 2007 and Justice Kumar had dismissed his quashing petition on November 2, 2010.Afsar's counsel Dinu Kumar had urged the court to pass order for initiating criminal prosecution against Naushad. Justice Kumar observed that this was a fit case of directing the registrar general of high court to institute a complaint case against Ahmad, but since he had disclosed in the petition the fact of SDJM rejecting his discharge petition, a lenient view was being taken against him.Medical negligence: The high court on Monday referred back to the CJM, Vaishali, a criminal case relating to an alleged medical negligence by a doctor while operating thrice the knee of an old patient, who had met with an accident, for which fee was also charged thrice.Giving a verdict on a petition of orthopaedic surgeon, Dr Pramod Kumar Singh, seeking quashing of the alleged charges of medical negligence and fraud, a single bench of Justice Rakesh Kumar referred to a Supreme Court ruling in the case of Martin F D'Souza Vs Mohd Ishfaq which said that there must be an expert's report showing neglect in operation and treatment.CJM, Vaishali, had taken cognizance of a complaint by a person against Dr Singh and his compounder, Bharat Kumar, alleging that the compounder had asked him at Sadar hospital, Hajipur, where his father was being treated, to get him admitted at Dr Singh's clinic for better and cheaper treatment. At the clinic, his fractured knee was operated upon thrice on May 10, 2007, (Rs 15,000), on August 12, 2007, for inserting a plate (Rs 20,000) and a third operation (fee Rs 50,000).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17122378", "title": "State to clear decks for e-university exams", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra government is in the final stages of putting online the process of conducting exams in all 17 state universities. The higher and technical education department will hold a meeting on Wednesday to work out the final modalities of a pilot project which, if successful, could be extended across universities with the idea of preventing paper leaks.Governor K Sankaranarayanan in meeting on Saturday directed vice-chancellors of various varsities to build infrastructure for a full-fledged online mechanism to be put in place across universities soon. The meet followed a presentation to the governor over the use of technology to bring about reforms in the existing exam system.\"We will soon finalize the tender for a pilot. Once implemented successfully, it could be extended to all varsities in the state,\" said state minister for higher and technical education D P Sawant.Sources said that several IT firms are in the fray for the ambitious pilot, including Tata Consultancy Services . The initiative is part of recommendations made by government's exam reform panel, which submitted its report recently. It has suggested several reforms, including online examination and submission of thesis online. Headed by state IT secretary Rajesh Aggarwal, the committee has also recommended a pilot project for starting technology-based examination in the universities.Some other reforms suggested include: mandatory display of results online, including complete breakup of marks, open book examination and take home examinations, where students are given deadline for submissions, use of technology in registration, acceptance of forms, delivery of question papers, and answer booklets, etc. Once implemented fully, officials said, universities will be able to register students, accept exam forms, evaluate papers and even release the marksheets of students using the online process. \"With this, we would be able to bring about some transparency in the system and drastically reduce the instances of paper leaks which have now become commonplace,\" said a senior official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17121793", "title": "16 engineering colleges inspected in second phase", "text": "HYDERABAD: The second phase of the task force inspections commenced on Tuesday with most engineering college managements allowing officials to verify infrastructure facilities on their campuses.Officials inspected around 16 colleges on the first day and said a total of 120 colleges will be inspected over the next one month. Starting this academic year, engineering colleges were allowed to charge fee based on the facilities which they provide students.Tuition fees were raised by most institutions ranging between Rs 35,000-Rs 1.05 lakh, inviting protests from students, who said most colleges did not have the required infrastructure as laid down by the All India Council of Technical Education ( AICTE), the nationwide monitoring body.Bowing under pressure, the government said it would carry out inspections and order rollback in fees if institutions were found not having the requisite infrastructure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17122179", "title": "Nithyananda ashram moves HC against govt notice", "text": "CHENNAI: Controversial godman Nithyananda's ashram has moved the Madras high court against a showcause notice issued by the state government. The October 11 notice, issued under Section 59 of the HR&CE; Act, to the Tiruvannamalai-based Nithyananda Dhyanapetam has asked the ashram management to explain its activities and the fate of donations collected from devotees and public.When the petition, filed by ashram manager Nithya Pranananda, came up for admission, Justice N Paul Vasanthakumar declined to hear the matter and directed the registry to post it before another judge. The judge was apparently miffed by a fight between Nithyananda's counsel and the government advocate.The petition contended that the dhyanapeetam was neither a temple nor a Hindu religious public institution to come under the HR&CE; Act. \"It is a public charity formed with an intention of propagating yoga and meditation,\" it said, adding that no Hindu religious pujas were done in the ashram. It also said that though some idols of gods were kept, they were not consecrated. The petition said devotees considered it sacred and do pujas there because it was Nithyananda's birthplace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17123907", "title": "Gadkari must be arrested, says MP", "text": "MYSORE: MP A H Vishwanath on Tuesday urged the authorities to invoke the provisions of sedition and inciting communal passions among the public against BJP national president Nitin Gadkari and arrest him immediately. At a press meet here, he said Gadkari has hit two birds with a single stone - first, he drew Swami Vivekananda parallel to underworld don Dawood Ibrahim , and secondly, he tried to depict the minority community as criminals. Vishwanath said Gadkari's remarks are also intended to divert the attention of people and politicians from the scam-related allegations being made against him. \"Gadkari has said this deliberately, and the statement was not off the cuff,\" he claimed, and said police must take a serious note of the statement.\"By saying so, Gadkari has proved that their tall claims of Hindutva were hollow and false. Gadkari has insulted the nation by saying that the IQ of Vivekananda and Dawaood were the same,\" he said, and sought action against him. Speaking on BJP leaders who are defending Gadkari over the latter's alleged economic offences, Vishwanath said it just showed the double standards of BJP and its leaders. He cited former CM B S Yeddyurappa's example to make his point.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17122564", "title": "Vasundhara Raje, Gulab Chand Kataria to campaign in Gujarat", "text": "JAIPUR: The state BJP is all set to make its presence felt in the neighbouring state of Gujarat as the state goes to poll next month.Senior leaders including Vasundhara Raje and Gulab Chand Kataria are included in the list of star campaigners in Gujarat and are expected to start touring the state in the last week of November. The final programme is yet to be finalised but sources in the party said that the senior leaders will frequently tour Gujarat during the end of first week.Though Raje's name is included in the list, there are several speculations regarding her tour to Gujarat. \"Raje was expected to campaign in Himachal Pradesh as well but she chose to stay away. Though her in-principal nod for campaigning in Gujarat has been come, the schedule of the public meetings she will address will be announced later,'' said a party leader. Raje is likely to go to cities like Jamnagar, Rajkot and other places in Saurashtra along with the those held in larger cities.Several teams of workers from the state BJP are already active in the neighbouring state, specially in the district adjourning the Rajasthan border. Leaders from the tribal belt of Dungarpur and Banswara are also in Gujarat. Kataria and others are expected to address public meeting in towns like Palanpur, Mehsana, Patan and others in north Gujarat.\"Teams of workers from the state are already active in Banswara and Sabarkantha. Most of the workers in these districts are from Jhalore, Dungarpur, Sirohi, Banswara and Udaipur region. As Surat has a large population of people from the Shekhawati region, we have a special team from there which is active in the election-related work and campaigning in the diamond city of Gujarat,'' said Om Prakash Mathur, said former president BJP in Rajasthan, who is in Gujarat overseeing the party's election affairs.Mathur has been in the neighbouring state for two months now and toured the entire state for elections. The review in all districts by the parliamentary board has been completed in Gujarat under Mathur's guidance and he is expected to attend all major campaigns with the star campaigners including chief minister Narendra Modi over the next one month.The BJP has listed 40 constituencies which are close to Rajasthan or have considerable population of Rajasthan origin where the senior leaders are expected to campaign.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17122134", "title": "Cops fire in air to disperse mob in Pratapgarh district", "text": "LUCKNOW: Police on Tuesday opened fire in the air in Pratapgarh to disperse a violent mob, which resorted to heavy brick-batting and arson, after the protest against the death of a school boy in road mishap turned wild. The mob frenzy left the official jeep of the sub divisional magistrate turned turtle and a police motorcycle, reduced to ashes. In another incident reported early morning from Pratapgarh, seven occupants of a Bolero were killed and remaining three critically wounded when the SUV was hit head-on by a speeding truck.Reports said Vipin (18) of Khemasaraiyan village under Lalganj police station of Pratapgarh was critically wounded when he was knocked off by a speeding mini truck near Garwa Crossing in Leelapur locality of the township. The incident took place on Monday when Vipin (student of class XI) was on his way to Saraswati Sishu Mandir in Sagra Sunderpur. Vipin was admitted to the district hospital, where he succumbed to his injuries later on. Accusing the doctors at the hospital of negligence resulting in Vipin's untimely death, the family members of the victim allegedly manhandled the doctors on duty and damaged property at the hospital. Police were quick to move in and nabbed five persons for ransacking the hospital.On Tuesday, while the funeral procession of Vipin was on way to the cremation ground, some members of the procession stopped at Pratapgarh-Rae Bareli highway passing from near the Khemasaraiyan village and blocked the road to stage a protest. The protesters were demanding immediate sacking of the doctors on duty at the hospital where Vipin died and release of the five locals arrested by the police on Monday evening for the violence at the district hospital shortly after Vipin breathed his last.When the police tried enter into a dialogue with the protesting locals including students from the school where Vipin was enrolled, the mob allegedly turned violent. In the chaos that began, police were forced to beat a hasty retreat, when the protestors took to heavy stone pelting on the cops. By the time police re-enforcement could reach the scene along with other senior administrative and district officials, the mob went berserk and over-turned the official jeep of the sub divisional magistrate (SDM) and torched a police motorcycle.The situation was brought under control when police opened fire in the air after several rounds of cane charge, lobbing teargas shells and firing rubber bullets failed to control the mob. Police and PAC jawans have been deployed in the area.7 killed in accidentLucknow: At least seven occupants of a Bolero (UP-72 P 2007) were killed and three others critically wounded when their vehicle was hit by a speeding truck (UP 32 T 2497) head-on near village Garwaripur on Tuesday morning. The occupants of the Bolero were on their way back from Chandrika Devi - a religious site, after attending a Mundan (shaving of one's head) ceremony when the mishap took place. Condition of the injured admitted to the hospital has been described as critical. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17123112", "title": "Petition challenges info commission's validity", "text": "KOCHI: A petition in the Kerala high court has challenged the hearing of RTI appeals by the State Information Commission, headed by a non-judicial member, despite a Supreme Court ruling that the commission should be headed by a judicial member.The commission is headed by Sibi Mathews, an IPS officer and former director general of police, now.The petition, filed by advocate Basil Attipetty, points out that the apex court had ordered on September 13 that henceforth all information commissions should work as benches consisting of two members each, with one member from a judicial background.Though the State Information Commission had called off hearings subsequent to the apex court's order, it had resumed functioning based on an opinion provided by the state government's legal department.The Supreme Court had also suggested that present or former chief justices of high courts and judges of the apex court should be preferred for the post of chief information commissioner. While appointing information commissioners, judges or former judges of the high courts should be given priority, the court had suggested.The apex court had also ordered that the appointment of judicial members to information commissions should be made in consultation with the chief justice of India and chief justices of the high courts, as the case may be.It also said the department of personnel and training of the Union government should prepare a panel after giving advertisements.The appointment of information commissioner at the Centre and state levels should be made from the panel by the department, it had ordered.The petitioner approached the high court after finding no response from the state government on a representation seeking implementation of the apex court's order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "17121468", "title": "School employee held for molesting 2 pre-nursery kids", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Two three-and-half-year-old girls studying in a leading playschool in Indirapuram area of Ghaziabad were allegedly molested by an employee on Tuesday afternoon. The mothers of both girls are teachers in the playschool. Police have arrested the accused and lodged a case against him.Indirapuram SHO, Gorakhnath Yadav, said the matter came to his notice in the evening. \"Both the victims are pre-nursery students. We arrested the accused after the families of the victims lodged a complaint with us,\" Yadav said.Speaking to TOI, the mother of one of the victims said that she came to know about the incident when the other girl's parents called her. \"The school usually gets over by 12.30pm. I had lunch with my daughter and then I got busy with decorating the school as Diwali is round the corner. At that time, my daughter was playing with other students. When I reached home at 4pm, the other teacher called me and said that the accused had touched the private parts of her daughter. I then crosschecked with my daughter and she also confirmed that the accused had molested them,\" said the victim's mother. She then called her husband and both reached the school to confront the accused.\"The accused had taken the girls to the computer lab and molested them. The other teacher came to know this from her daughter and called my wife to crosscheck. We then called up the police,\" said the victim's father. No CCTV cameras are installed in the premises where the incident took place. \"We also demand stringent action against the school management,\" the victim's father added.Meanwhile, the school management appeared to defend the accused. \"The accused is innocent. When school got over, a brief meeting was called with the teachers who asked the accused to take care of their children. The computer room is open and can be accessed by anyone. It is not possible to molest girls in an open area,\" said the administrative head of the school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17123853", "title": "Florine first woman farmer to win Rachana award", "text": "MANGALORE: Florine Pinto from Perne in Bantwal taluk is all set to become the first woman farmer to receive the Rachana awards in the agriculturist category of the year. A progressive agriculturist, Florine will join Hilda Rayappan (woman of the year), Walter D'Souza (entrepreneur of the year), Oscar G Concessao (professional of the year), and Mark Denis D'Souza (NRI entrepreneur of the year) in receiving the awards in respective categories.A panel of 15 members from Catholic community selected the awardees for Rachana, a forum of Catholic businessmen, professionals and entrepreneurs. What makes Florine's selection special is that she is the first woman selected to receive the award in the category.Roy Castelino, president of Rachana told reporters that Hilda, founder of Prajna Counselling Centre, has been selected for her contribution in the field of social service for over three decades. Florine has carved a niche for herself by taking up cultivation of high yielding crops such as paddy, coconut, arecanut, pepper and other tropical crops, making her one of a kind. Walter is an importer of raw cashew nuts and leading exporter of cashew kernels and shell liquid from India. Oscar Concessao who has masters in B.Arch from University of Oklahoma , USA, is one of the few doctorates in modern architecture. Mark's Fortuna Engineering Works is one of the leading companies in the Gulf providing employment to locals there.Major General (Retd) Ian Cardoza, chairman, rehabilitation, ministry of social justice and empowerment, will be the chief guest at the awards distribution ceremony that will be held at Milagres Jubilee Hall here on November 25. Most Rev Aloysius Paul D'Souza, bishop of Mangalore, will preside over. Roy said the award consists a citation, and a memento.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17122527", "title": "Chennai: Techie creates fake profile of colleague, held", "text": "CHENNAI: Chennai Cyber crime police on Tuesday arrested a 26-year-old software professional who created a fake profile of her colleague on a social networking terming her as a call girl.Sindhuja Priyadarshini of Vadapalani was upset with her lover, who is also employed in the same IT company in Thoraipakkam, as he frequently spoke to a woman at their work place. On Tuesday the woman lodged a complaint with police stating that she had been receiving several calls from men seeking sexual favours over the last couple of months.Police said later it turned out that Sindhuja had created a fake profile of the woman colleague, soliciting men for sex. She was traced using the IP adress of her office computer.The victim, who was not aware about her colleague's act, was tipped-off by one of her callers about a Facebook account. The account contained the woman's name and her phone number, police said.After a detailed investigation, police found that the profile could have been created by a person who knew the woman. Sindhuja, a senior system executive, had been in love with her colleague and was waiting to get married after seeking their parents consent. \"But after her lover, became friendly with the victim, Sindhuja was unhappy. So, she hatched the plan to stop them from getting close,\" S N Seshasai, joint commissioner of police (CCB) said. Sindhuja also created blogs with the woman's phone number, including her name and residential address.Seshasai said the victim was under trauma for the past two months as people called her up late in the nights, after seeing the online profile. Police arrested Sindhuja and registered a case under IPC Section 507 (criminal intimidation by an anonymous communication), 509 (word, gesture or act intended to insult the modesty of a woman) and Section 66A of Information Technology (amendment) Act, 2008. She has been remanded in judicial custody.\"There has been an increase in the number of complaints pertaining to fake profiles on social networking sites. We have received more that 30 complaints this year,\" Seshasai said. Police have also arrested five people this year, including three who posted offensive comments and photographs and tried to extort money online. In 2011, the cyber crime cell of the Central Crime Branch (CCB) of the city police investigated 35 complaints related to Facebook threats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17124467", "title": "Road resurfacing on Marine Drive hits utility hurdle", "text": "MUMBAI: The civic body's ambitious plans to resurface the Netaji Subhashchandra Bose Road, popularly known as Marine Drive, have hit a hurdle and could be delayed.The departments of storm water drains, hydraulics and sewerage operation, whose utilities run under the Marine Drive, have not given their no-objection certificate (NOC) to the project.According to civic officials, several underground utilities like arch drains of the SWD, and an outlet water main from the Malabar Hill reservoir\u00e2\u20ac\u201dall dilapidated\u00e2\u20ac\u201dneed to be replaced and strengthened before the road can be taken for resurfacing. And the departments know that once the road is re-surfaced, permissions to dig it again to replace the utilities will not be given to them and hence they have all woken up to finish their work now.Civic officials say that such exhaustive work of replacing the crumbling drain and water lines, all of which run exactly in the middle of the road, will mean that the entire road needs to be dug up, for which the traffic police will not give permission.According to senior civic officials, if it was only road resurfacing, they were planning to do it lane-wise, so that traffic will be not be affected to a great extent, but with utilities needing to be replaced, most parts of the road will have to be dug up.The water department also wants to undertake work of adding a new connection for meeting the water demand of the Wankhede stadium.\"With the replacement work of so many utilities, the road project will definitely be delayed. We will have to find a method by which the work can be done without disrupting the traffic too much,\" said a senior civic official.Another hurdle is also that the proposed flyover at Pedder Road also aligns at the signal ahead of Wilson College, so the civic body will not resurface about 300 metres of that patch as it will be dug up for construction of the bridge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17124677", "title": "Job drive for slum youth wins laurels", "text": "NASHIK: Social activist Pravin Bodke's concept of using a 'placement board' to provide employment opportunities to slum youth, has been selected at the national level as an innovative project by the website 'Spark the Rise'.Bodke began using blackboards in slum areas since January to generate awareness on job opportunities so that school dropouts could avail of such job openings. He began with one board in Panchavati and now has a total of five boards, including some in Satpur as well. The activist is now aiming to put up such boards at all slum areas in the city.\"Slumdwellers generally do not read newspapers and do not have access to the Internet either. I therefore thought of using blackboards so that they get information about placements. The concept has, till date, been able to provide employment to 384 young people in the slums,\" said Bodke.He is also planning to create a website for youth to post their requirements on so it can be used on the boards. \"In a place like Nashik, there is a requirement of at least 200 boards for covering all the slums,\" said Bodke, who is the coordinator of an NGO called Yuva Parivartan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17123251", "title": "LPG sale in black market: 1 held", "text": "LUDHIANA: Barinderpal alias Sonu of Amarpura was arrested for selling cylinders in black and refilling them at inflated prices. Police recovered 17 LPG cylinders from the possession of the accused.Sources said Barinderpal not only sold LPG cylinders for Rs 1,100 but also used to refill cylinders illegally for an exorbitant amount.By the time the police conducted a raid and recovered 17 cylinders, Barinderpal had already sold seven cylinders for Rs 1,100 each. However, the police recovered 11 connection copies from the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17124064", "title": "Indian among 40 people arrested during immigration sweep in US", "text": "WASHINGTON: Authorities have arrested 40 people, including an Indian, during an immigration sweep in the US state of Indiana.The Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) said the 37 men and three women who were arrested include convicted criminal aliens, immigration fugitives and immigration violators.They were arrested during a three-day operation in the greater Indianapolis area.Thirteen have been previously ordered to leave the country but did not go.Thirty-three of those arrested are from Mexico. ICE says others are from El Salvador, Cuba, Guatemala, Honduras, India and Peru .The ICE says 25 have prior convictions for crimes including assault, domestic battery, drunken driving and drug charges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17122290", "title": "Maharashtra short of experts to keep an eye on dengue", "text": "PUNE: At a time when dengue cases are on the rise across the state, seven of the nine posts of entomologists - specialists in identification and control of vector-borne diseases - have been vacant at the state public health department for the last two years. Entomologists conduct vector surveillance and take steps to prevent and control spread of mosquitoes.Diseases like dengue manifest in vectors first. Identifying infected vectors can warn the public of impending outbreaks and help control its spread. In the absence of specific anti-viral therapies for treatment of infections like dengue, prevention and control through experts remain the first line of defence.\"Eight posts of junior entomologists at different divisions across the state and one post of state entomologist to supervise their work are designated. Not just the six posts of junior entomologists but also the important post of state entomologist have been vacant for over two years now,\" said a senior state health official.The state health department has eight divisions across the state. Barring Nagpur and Thane division, which have junior entomologists, posts at remaining six divisions comprising Aurangabad, Nashik, Pune, Akola, Latur and Amravati have been vacant for more than three years now. Currently, Thane's junior entomologist has been asked to oversee the work of state entomologist, informed another state health official.Additionally, the posts of health educators are also vacant. There are 49 posts of health educators at the state health department. Of them, 47 posts have not been filled.State health minister Suresh Shetty said, \"We are going to fill all posts of specialists, including that of entomologists soon. We have initiated the process.\"With 1,256 cases and 50 deaths due to dengue registered so far this year, most cases and deaths are being reported from north Maharashtra and Vidarbha. Of the 50 deaths, 19 occurred in the northern districts comprising Nashik, Dhule and Jalgaon and 12 deaths were reported from Vidarbha. Also, Pune city has reported over 500 cases and five deaths this year.\"A public entomologist's primary concern is to focus on the population biology of vector-borne infections. They seek to understand how pathogens perpetuate over time and devise methods of reducing the burden that they impose on human health,\" said a former state entomologist.Concurring with his view, a senior health official said, \"Entomologists have not been given enough importance in the public health sector. Many states have disbanded the cadre and stopped recruiting, that's why many states have failed to identify mass breeding of vectors and are reeling under outbreak of dengue and malaria.\"India has less than one entomologist sanctioned per state. But even then, almost 65% of sanctioned strength for entomologists is lying vacant. India has a sanctioned strength of only 30 entomologists for 35 states and UTs. States and UTs like Delhi, Chandigarh, Andaman and Nicobar Islands and Puducherry don't even have a single sanctioned post. But in a shocking disclosure at a meeting of all health secretaries of the country who had congregated in September to review the National Rural Health Mission, the Union health ministry had revealed that 25 states did not even have a single state entomologist. This included many major states - worst affected by vector-borne diseases - like Maharashtra, Karnataka, Jammu and Kashmir , Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan, Punjab, Bihar, Haryana, Himachal Pradesh , Uttaranchal, Andhra Pradesh and Chhattisgarh.The ministry has asked all states to fill up the posts of entomologists immediately, lest the country will reel under a severe vector-borne disease outbreak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17124139", "title": "Govt plans dedicated power feeder for agricultural sector", "text": "PATNA: The state government has started working on a dedicated feeder to supply power to agriculture sector for making its rainbow revolution a success.The government, under its rainbow revolution plans, is to install 968 new feeders of 11KV each with 55,925km of distribution line and 1.46 lakh transformers to primarily supply power to 19 lakh pumping sets in the next 10 years.It has selected Patna district for the pilot project. 'The GPS survey of the district would show the locations where guarding for transmission line crossing the roads and habitation areas is required. The existing and the proposed 11KV line shall be duly marked on survey maps,\" said an official.The government has projected year-wise requirement of estimated funds for the feeder segregation. The total estimated amount for 12th and 13th five-year plan is around Rs 8,370.44 crore. The government has already projected its year-wise power requirements for agriculture sector for the next 10 years. By 2016-17, the state would require 1478MW power exclusively for agriculture sector.Only 5.83% of the total power supply to the state is used in agriculture sector in Bihar, compared to 38% in Haryana, the highest in India. Presently, the rural feeders are of mixed nature, supplying to agriculture as well as domestic/other rural loads and making it difficult to supply quality power for agriculture purpose due to grim power scenario. Hence, a dedicated feeder is necessary for the success of rainbow revolution in Bihar, an official said.To cater to the needs of state agriculture sector, the government plans separate rural feeder for agriculture and non-agriculture consumption. The main objective is to provide assured and quality power supply for agriculture purposes for specified period through dedicated agriculture feeders and supply to the other rural loads in the remaining period on rotation basis, said an energy department document.States like Andhra Pradesh, Gujarat, Haryana, Karnataka, Maharashtra and Rajasthan have dedicated feeders for agriculture. A team of officers had visited Punjab, Haryana and Maharashtra recently to study the power supply system for agriculture sectors in those states.A recent Planning Commission document on 'Faster, Sustainable and more Inclusion Growth: An Approach to the 12th Five-Year Plan' states, \"The separation of agricultural feeders in the country will enable villages to get 24x7 three-phased power for domestic uses, schools, hospitals and village industries.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17123464", "title": "Youth stabbed to death near Ulsoor Lake", "text": "BANGALORE: A 21-year-old student was stabbed to death near Ulsoor Lake on Tuesday evening. The family of victim Domenic Pavio believes he was murdered over a love affair.Domenic, a II PUC student of RBA NMS evening college in Ulsoor, was walking on the road when he was attacked by unidentified assailants. He suffered multiple stab injuries and was rushed to the nearby Santosh Nursing Home but was declared dead on arrival.An eyewitness said Domenic was walking on Annaswamy Muthaliar Road, close to Bangalore Tamil Sangam, when two men who came on bikes attacked him with a machete . '' We have recovered a machete from the spot but it was unused. The wounds on his body were from stabbing, so we believe there were more attackers ,'' said a Bharatinagar police inspector. Police were informed about the incident at 6 pm. By the time, two officers rushed to the spot, Domenic had been taken to hospital.BURNT BODY AT UNDERPASSThe half-burnt body of a man was found under the railway underpass in KP Agrahara on Tuesday morning. Police suspect that the victim could be 30-35 years old and he must have been killed elsewhere and the body dumped at the underpass. The murderer apparently also tried to burn the body. When the passersby found the body, it was partially burnt. The body has been sent for postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17120946", "title": "Man thrashes live-in partner to death in Ranchi", "text": "RANCHI: A middle-aged man \"caned\" his sister-in-law, with whom he had a live-in relationship for the past two years, to death on Tuesday morning in Pundag after quarrelling with her the previous night.Jaggu Munda, was living with Dewanti Devi, 45, ever since his elder brother died two years ago. Manisha Kumari, Dewanti's daughter, lodged in the FIR with Pundag police station saying that her uncle caned her mother to death. The 40-year-old labourer has fled after the incident. \"We are working to catch the accused,\" said DSP Dhurwa Anuranjan Kispotta. The village is 20 km from here.Manisha told police that on Monday night Munda came home drunk and picked up a quarrel with her mother when she objected to his drinking and splurge. They were quarrelling throughout the night. \"My uncle started caning my mother. I fell asleep irritated by the violence. When I woke up in the morning, my mother's body was lying on the verandah and my uncle was not around,\" the 12-year-old said in the FIR.Neighbours, however, refused comment. \"We do not know anything about the family. It was their personal matter,\" said Ranjeet Munda, a school student. A distant relative of the family said, Munda had discouraged Dewanti from getting married again after her husband, also a labourer, died of some disease in October 2010. \"The duo was living as husband and wife even though they were not married.\" The villagers never objected to their live in relationship, he said.An unorganized labourer, Munda hardly got job for 15 days a month and his paltry wage was the main cause of domestic violence, said police.Pundag police station officer-in-charge Chitranjan Mishra said, \"The accused had snatched some of the ornaments (anklet and earrings) of the deceased and sold them for buying alcohol a few months back.\" The accused wanted to sell more ornaments of the deceased and she used to object fiercely.The body has been sent for autopsy. Police said no major marks of thrashing were seen on the body of the deceased. \"It is likely that the woman was hit at sensitive parts of the body which led to her instant death. The actual report would come only after the postmortem,\" added Mishra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17122232", "title": "Mandatory accreditation for polytechnic institutes mooted", "text": "PUNE: If the HRD ministry has its way, polytechnic institutions in the country will soon be required to undergo mandatory accreditation and assessment by an industry-sponsored agency recognised by the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE). The state boards of technical education will be involved in such rating exercises.As of now, the National Board of Accreditation assesses the courses offered by polytechnics, but the process is not mandatory. The rating from such assessment is given to individual courses and not to the institutions.Textbooks for polytechnic subjects translated into vernacular languages, information and communication technology-enabled classrooms, mentoring of polytechnics by established colleges or universities, dual-track education involving mandatory apprenticeship with the industry and a shift from the examination-based assessment and evaluation system to the continuous competency-based assessment, are among the slew of reforms that the ministry plans to implement in the polytechnic sector.Granting an equivalence of polytechnic studies to the bridge courses offered by industrial training institutes (ITIs) and linking soft loans to polytechnics with their rating are other suggested changes.A note related to these reforms has been put on the agenda for the forthcoming meeting of the Central Advisory Board of Education (CABE) in New Delhi on November 8. The CABE, which is the highest decision-making body on education headed by the HRD minister, was earlier scheduled to meet on November 1. But the meeting had to be postponed by a week owing to the change of guard in the ministry.The AICTE had earlier launched an elaborate consultation process involving the state boards of technical education, polytechnics and the industry to have a better understanding of the needs of the polytechnic sector and to reorient the sector in line with the changing environment and industry requirement. A major thrust of the reforms - a result of this exercise - is on four key areas, namely content and curriculum, faculty development and enrichment, assessment and certification methods, and regulatory measures and institution incentives.The note on reforms has proposed that a national level implementation committee be set up under the HRD ministry, with representation from the AICTE, the National Skill Development Council, state secretaries concerned and the state boards of technical education.\"Mandatory assessment and accreditation of polytechnics is fine, but the welfare of teaching and non-teaching staff at these institutions also needs to be focused on during such a rating exercise,\" said Shridhar Vaidya, secretary of the Teachers Association for Non-Aided Polytechnics.\"None of the prevailing initiatives related to the monitoring of standards, assessment and accreditation take into account the working conditions of the polytechnic staff,\" he said. \"Issues like permanent appointments for teachers, suitable pay scales and time-bound career advancement avenues need to be looked into, as these eventually impact the quality of teaching in polytechnics,\" he added.Vaidya said, \"A major thrust of rating exercises remains on physical infrastructure like buildings, classrooms, equipment, laboratories etc. Institutions that have integrated or large campuses housing multiple institutions often find it convenient to secure better ratings by way of a misleading representation of their infrastructure and facilities to the visiting inspection team. Lacunae like these need to be looked into during the formulation of mandatory accreditation and assessment norms for polytechnics.\"Meanwhile, referring to reforms in content and curriculum, the CABE note pointed out that students who opt for polytechnics are generally those who have been unable to obtain admission to science courses at Std XI. Such students are also less comfortable with English, whereas the course curriculum and text books in polytechnics are in English. This puts students at a disadvantage at the entry level and is one of the reasons for low passing percentage.To address this situation, a recommendation has been made for the AICTE to commission text books in vernacular languages and to design preparatory courses in English, physics and mathematics for students who are weak in these subjects.The state boards of technical education have been urged to approach the National Mission for Education through ICT", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17123194", "title": "Mayor orders cleanliness on war footing", "text": "ALLAHABAD: To ensure cleanliness in every part of the city during the festival of Deepawali, mayor Abhilasha Gupta has ordered sanitary workers to undertake cleanliness work on war footing.She has also urged for ensuring cleanliness even on holidays.The mayor has written to municipal commissioner to hold a cleanliness drive in various parts of the city in the wake of Deepawali.Further, street light bulbs fused or broken condition are to be replaced urgently.Several roads of the city continue to be in a bad condition and need repair. Questions are being raised on how the Mohraram processions would be taken out on dilapidated roads.The mayor has urged AMC officials to begin patch work of damaged roads.Further, all damaged culverts and drains have to be repaired before Moharram.Mayor has also given instructions for repair of damaged street lights and has warned action against erring or lax employees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17123165", "title": "Eat healthy, stay healthy: Students", "text": "LUDHIANA: Staff and students of Green Land Public School, Jalandhar Bypass tried to inculcate healthy eating habits with the Healthy Tiffin Day. Students dressed as fruits and vegetables walked the ramp. The tiny tots enjoyed the nutritious food they brought in their tiffins. Disha, Brahmjot, Gursohin, Siya, Anahad &amp; Naina recited poems on fruits and vegetables.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17123092", "title": "Kiosks sought for vendors near railway station", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) has recommended that the Railways constructs kiosks on both sides of the road between Master Canteen and Bhubaneswar railway station to rehabilitate roadside vendors.The corporation made the recommendation at an inter-departmental meeting for beautification of the station periphery recently. \"Since the approach road belongs to the Railways, it should take steps to address the issue of unorganized hawking on roadside,\" BMC commissioner Sanjib Kumar Mishra told TOI. \"The kiosks can rehabilitate vendors. They would beautify the place as well,\" he added.Unauthorized vending on both sides of the approach road is a major cause for concern for the Railways. Though the Railways and BMC had in the past evicted the squatters, the latter have come back and settled again. The mushrooming of illegal shops also makes the area crime-prone, locals alleged.\"Most of the shopkeepers have nexus with anti-socials. Their shops are dens of anti-socials. Government should remove those encroachers and allow genuine traders to run shops,\" said Prabhat Ranjan Biswal, a resident of Ashok Nagar.BMC has also urged the Railways to take up maintenance of a toilet allegedly built without permission in front of the railway station. \"Since there is no other public toilet outside the station, the Railways should look after it for convenience of passengers,\" Mishra said.Meanwhile, the government has asked the Bhubaneswar Development Authority (BDA) to take action against a hotel, which was recently set up on government land near the railway station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "mumbai ", "code": "17124508", "title": "HC: Why income ceiling in treatment of haemophiliacs?", "text": "MUMBAI : The Bombay high court on Tuesday asked the state government why there is an income-ceiling for providing free treatment and medicines for haemophilia patients .Thecourtobservedthat purchasing expensive medicines will bring any person belowthe poverty line .A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and JusticeNitin Jamdar washearing a petition by haemophiliacs and the Haemophilia Society seeking direction to the government to approve a pending proposal to provide free treatment to haemophiliacs . At the last hearing , the court was informed by additional government pleader G W Mattos that the National Institute of Immunohaematology was set up by the government at KEM Hospitalfor their treatment . But the petitioner's advocate , Gayatri Singh , submitted that applications of two seriously ill patients , admitted to KEM Hospital , were rejected for not qualifying asbelow poverty lineunder theRajiv GandhiJeevandayiA rogya Yojana .The judges asked why there was a ceiling on the incomelimitfor providing medicines in such cases . \"If (patients ) spend from their own pocket , they'll go below poverty line ,'' said Justice Shah , when told how expensive the treatment is. Mattos told the HC that by Nov 9, the two patients will be given the required blood factors . He said the government has initiated the process for obtaining antihaemophilic factors free of cost. The judges directed the government to complete the procurementby Dec 31 ,2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17122174", "title": "Election of 2 DMK candidates upheld", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has refused to nullify the election of two DMK candidates from Vepanahalli and Thiruvidai Maruthur constituency.Justice K Venkataraman, rejecting election petitions filed by DMDK's Kandan and AIADMK's T Pandiarajan of Vepanahalli and Thiruvidai Maruthur respectively, said there was no prima facie case against DMK's T Senguttuvan and Kovi Chezhian. In case of Senguttuvan's victory from Vepanahalli in Krishnagiri, the losing DMDK claimed that the drum symbol allotted to his party and basket symbol allotted to an independent candidate resembled each other, thereby confusing voters. Chezhian's victory in Thiruvidai Maruthur was questioned on the grounds of bribing voters, tampering EVMs and registration of a FIR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17123050", "title": "Radio cab rides to cost more by Rs 3 per km", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Get ready to shell out more to travel in radio cabs in the city, as fares are set to go up by Rs 3 per kilometer following the recent hike in diesel price. Passengers may have to loosen their purse strings further, as radio cab companies plan to seek another hike in case of revision of fuel prices post Diwali. At present, travelling in radio cabs costs Rs 20 per kilometer.Balbir Singh Dhol, secretary, State Transport Authority, said, \"The department had finalized a proposal for hike in fare by 10% to 15 % and it is likely to be approved by the finance department next week. Though the cab operators claim that their operational costs have shot up manifold after diesel became dearer by Rs 5, UT does not want to pass the entire burden onto the passengers.\"Arvind Kumar, senior manager (operations), Mega Cabs, said the demand for revision of fare was justified and a formal representation had been given to STA with the supporting calculations last month. \"But we apprehend another hike in diesel prices in the months to come, which will again spell trouble for us,\" he added. Another taxi operator said the concept of luxury cabs was yet to pick up even in cities like Delhi and Hyderabad, which have sizeable number of multi-national companies. \"UT too doesn't have demand for costly cabs,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17121989", "title": "Students bash up cop inside police outpost", "text": "LUCKNOW: In another case of physical assault on a cop reported in the city late on Tuesday night, two students bashed up a police constable inside the police outpost this time.In the incident, a constable deputed at South City police outpost in PGI area received a message from the police control room about a brawl taking place in the area. A drunken man was creating nuisance near a beer shop in the South City locality. Rajiv Nigam, the on-duty police constable along with other colleagues visited the spot and brought Sachin, an alcoholic to the outpost.The other constables then left for their routine work and Sachin's brother Vipin, reached the outpost on being informed about his brother's detention.The brothers, who are resident of Utratia area, were trying to flee when Nigam confronted the duo. The two then doled out several blows on Nigam who called for help. The local shopkeepers rushed to the outpost listening to his cries and overpowered the duo. The other policemen also reached the spot after receiving the message. The police were yet to registering complaint, when last reports came in.TOI had highlighted how inaction in the cop assault cases is erasing the fear for law and order among petty rowdy students and anti-social elements in the city on November 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17121406", "title": "People line up to contribute to Armstrong Pame's road", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nagaland IAS officer Armstrong Pame's initiative to build a 100-km state highway in Manipur involving the local community has generated huge interest among alumni of St Stephen's College.Manipur PWD secretary Ram Muivah told TOI that he and other senior state government functionaries were receiving calls from several former students of the college asking whether the project was completed and how they could contribute. Pame is a former student of St Stephen's.\"This step by Pame has been welcomed by all. The link (known as Tamenglong-Haflong road) will prove crucial for locals here, though it's a kuchcha road. Some work had happened on this stretch long back, but was stopped after there were issues relating to its alignment,\" Muivah told TOI.Once completed, this road will link Manipur with Nagaland and Assam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17123169", "title": "GNPS team among 20 in country to make it to Aero Olympiad", "text": "LUDHIANA: Class XI students of Guru Nanak Public School (GNPS), Sarabha Nagar, Sarabjot Singh, Harkawlpreet Singh, Gursimran Singh and Bhawneet Singh have qualified for the National Aero Olympiad, 2012 being organised by the Aeronautical Society of India, Bangalore branch. The team is part of 20 others selected from across the country by a panel on the basis of project reports they submitted. The GNPS team will represent the school in Phase II of the competition being held in Bangalore from December 20 to 22, 2012. The topic for phase II of the contest is, 'Advancements in Aeroplane Technologies in the last 50 Years.'The event will be divided into three groups; individual, school teams and group activities. The Aeronautical Society of India conducts the Olympiad to create awareness about India's Aviation Programme and motivate participants to join the aviation industry as engineers, scientists and designers. Members of the school management and principal Mona Singh congratulated students for their performance and expressed the hope that they would excel in the final phase at Bangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "17123416", "title": "Member of Pak-based gang held for lottery cheating", "text": "JALANDHAR: Police here have arrested a member of a Pakistan-based gang, who were cheating people by making calls on their mobile phones, ensuring hefty amount in lotteries.Accused Pawandeep Singh Bajwa, a resident of Dakoha locality, was handling money transfer operations for the Pakistan-based racketeers in north India, police said.ADCP (special branch) Diljinder Singh Dhillon said that Bajwa was operating 42 bank accounts.What has come as a shock for Indian investigators is that the calls were being made from Pakistan, but would reflect on the mobile phone here as a call from a local mobile phone.After arresting Bajwa, police made him call up his Pakistan-based operators and then a call on his (Bajwa's) cellphone showed a number which is the customer care number of a prominent mobile phone company.Dhillon said that people would receive calls here, promising heavy amounts in lotteries. The gullible victims were then asked to deposit an amount equivalent to 100 euros/dollars or pounds in bank accounts here.\"Bajwa would withdraw the amount through ATMs and would then transfer it to Pakistani racketeers through hawala channels based in Dubai,\" Dhillon said.The ADCP revealed that complicity of bank staff in opening the accounts with fake names and addresses was also emerging. About 21 ATM cards have also been recovered from Bajwa. It is learned that police had kept Bajwa under surveillance for quite some time now and after collecting technical evidence, they zeroed in on the main accused.Bajwa also revealed that out of the collected amount, 15% cut would be taken by a sub-agent, who would hold the account, 5% by the bank staff, if the latter was also involved. Bajwa would keep 10% with him while the balance 75% would be transferred to racketeers in Pakistan. Apart from provisions of IPC, Bajwa has also been booked under FEMA for money laundering. He was in regular touch with racketeers in Pakistan through his mobile phone.A special helpline 9781122937 has also been established to get more information from victims of the fraud.Bajwa belonged to a well-off family and had gone to Dubai in 2007, where he purchased heavy duty cranes for construction business, but after a year, his business was apparently hit due to worldwide recession.Dhillon said that in Dubai, Bajwa came in touch with hawala operators, who asked him to join the business of lotteries. He stayed in Dubai till 2011 and tried to revive his business, but could not succeed and returned a disappointed man. Later, he got in touch with his Dubai contacts, who asked him to become hub operator for money collection and take a 10% commission, which appeared lucrative option for him.Dhillon said that Pakistan-based racketeers have been identified as Habib, Aziz and Goray. Meanwhile local hawala operators have also come under the scanner of police and enforcement directorate, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17121499", "title": "Two lawyers robbed off cars, valuables on e-way", "text": "NOIDA: There seems no end to the grief of Noida-Greater Noida Expressway commuters. Two lawyers were robbed of their cars, cash and valuables on the expressway late on Monday evening.According to one of the victims, Sameer Jain, the incident occurred around 7.30pm on the service lane of the expressway near Sector 93. Jain, a tax lawyer in the Delhi high court, had gone in his Maruti WagonR car to meet his friend Siddharth Dubey, a resident of Sector 93. The two stopped their cars along the speedway and got out to talk. \"While I was talking to my friend, a person came walking swiftly towards me and placed a pistol on my head,\" said Jain, a resident of Sector 41.\"Suddenly, two more people arrived and pointed their pistols at my friend asking for the car keys. They then sped away with his Hyundai i10 car. The third man took my car keys from me and fled. While my friend's car contained some cash, a laptop, important documents and other belongings, my car had a laptop, cash, case files and other valuables,\" Jain added.After the incident, the two informed the police. SSP Gautam Budh Nagar Praveen Kumar was unavailable to comment on the issue. Deputy SP, S Chinappa, said, \"I have little information about the incident. We are investigating the matter.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17121665", "title": "India, Canada sign double taxation relief pact", "text": "NEW DELHI: India and Canada signed a social security pact on Tuesday to relieve their workers from double taxation. Under the agreement, workers on short-term contracts up to five years will not be required to make any social security contribution in Canada provided they continue to make social security payments in the country of their origin.The agreement was signed by overseas Indian affairs minister Vayalar Ravi and Canada's minister of international trade and minister of Asia-Pacific gateway Edward Fast.The agreement provides for avoidance of double social security contributions by detached workers (employed persons who are subject to the legislation of a country and who are sent by their employers to work in the territory of another country) from the host country legislation, portability of contributions at the time of relocation, and totalization of the periods of contribution for determining eligibility to a benefit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17121315", "title": "Construction workers demand better wages", "text": "GUWAHATI: Construction workers staged a protest march in the city on Tuesday, demanding better wages.Hundreds of construction workers from various parts of the state joined the protest march organized by the Sadou Asom Nirman Sramik Union, a union of workers engaged in building and other construction work.\"Our main demand from the government is that the minimum monthly wage of construction workers be fixed at Rs 10,000. Huge sums allocated for the welfare of construction workers are yet to benefit these workers who play a key role in the development of the state,\" said Khagen Deka, president of the union.The union also sent a memorandum to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh through the deputy commissioner of Kamrup (metro) district demanding fulfillment of their demands. In the memorandum, the union also said that some of the new schemes introduced by the Centre for construction workers are aimed at investing the welfare scheme funds in government and private institutions, which they oppose.\"The number of construction workers in Assam has gone up to 11 lakh. But, the government does not seem concerned about their healthcare, retirement plans and other schemes formulated to provide social security to the construction workers,\" said the memorandum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "jabalpur", "code": "17123559", "title": "Integrated Child Development Scheme purchases turn golden goose for babus", "text": "JABALPUR: Did Madhya Pradesh government ignore the writing on the wall and overlooked a Rs 600 crore scam in the implementation of centrally funded Integrated Child Development Scheme (ICDS)? The probability seems high going by the records, provided in response to a RTI application, which show how the ambitious scheme, meant to provide nutrients to children from 6 months to 6 years and pregnant mothers, may have turned a golden goose to profit a powerful lobby of corrupt babus and their favored business houses despite the apex court's explicit directions to keep private players out.The biggest pointer to the nexus came in October 2008 in form of a terse warning by the Supreme Court commissioner in October 2008. Para four of the status report submitted to the MP government by special commissioner, Supreme Court, Dr NC Saxena, clearly noted \"current practice of purchasing from the MP Agro Industries Corporation Limited is merely an indirect purchase from contractors, which is a violation of the courts order.\"Summarizing the discussions at the meeting between advisor to the Supreme Court commissioner Mihir Shah and group of MP government officers led by the then principal secretary child and women development Tinoo Joshi, currently under suspension after she was found to have assets disproportionate to her known sources of income, Saxena also pointed out a host of grey areas in the implementation of ICDS. The rebuff apparently went unheeded by the then chief secretary RC Sahni.Social activist PG Najpandey narrated how cleverly and cautiously bureaucrats circumvented the court's direction to confine the job of supply and distribution to village communities and women's self group groups and benefit private contractors. First the department of child and women development signed a MoU with the MPAICL for the supply of energy food under the scheme in June 2008.The RTI application, filed by Roli Shivhare, an activist, revealed purchases and supplies from two joint venture companies -JVS Foods Private Limited, Jaipur and M/s Murliwalla Agrotech Private Ltd, New Delhi. However, this fact was nowhere mentioned in the agreement which Najpandey claimed, subsequent probe only facilitated backdoor entry to contractors. And despite all the hue and cry over the issue, the chain remains unbroken, he alleged.Interestingly, JVS Foods Private Limited, Jaipur, made headlines in 2005 after Punjab police lodged an FIR against it for supplying rotten eatables to angandwadi centers in Bathinda.Moreover, the tenure of the agreement with state agro industries corporation was extended for another three years in November 2011 - from April 1, 2009 to March 31, 2012 and finally for another five years, instead of usual one year. ICDS means big money - the grant for 2012 alone totals up to Rs 200 crores, Najpandey said. The activist has now approached the high court seeking a CBI inquiry into the pilferage, which he estimates could be well over Rs 600 crores.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17121027", "title": "SBI branch gutted in morning blaze", "text": "BOKARO: A fire broke out in the Petarwar branch of the State Bank of India (SBI) that gutted computers, records, registers in the office , causing a loss of more than Rs 30 lakh. However, the strong room of the bank was saved.The incident occurred around 7am due to short circuit in electricity wires inside the bank. The flames were first spotted by a woman who raised the alarm following which other residents informed the fire department.More than 12 firemen and three fire tenders of state government and power plants took about one hour to douse the flames. \"It was a huge fire but we managed to control it with help of local residents who have supported us a lot,\" said Shivaji Tripathi, an official of district fire department.Regional general manager of the SBI , Ajay Kumar Singh, said they managed to save cash and loan-related documents which were kept in the strong room. But the flames gutted everything from computer, records, registers etc. Luckily, the flames could not reach strong room . \"It is a loss of more than Rs 30 lakh. The fire broke out because of short-circuit,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17123943", "title": "Madhya Pradesh Congress Committee slams Vijayvargiya for defending Gadkari", "text": "INDORE: The Madhya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) on Tuesday criticized industry minister Kailash Vijayvargiya for defending BJP national president Nitin Gadkari's comparison between Swami Vivekananda and underworld don Dawood Ibrahim.Vijaywargiya had said that comparing the IQ was nothing but similar to what is usually done between Lord Rama and demon King Ravan, and between Lord Krishna and Kansa.\"The reason for mentioning the names of Lord Rama and Ravan is to show the victory of good over evil,\" MPCC spokesperson Narendra Saluja said adding that there had been no such comparison between the underworld don Dawood and Swami Vivekananda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17121964", "title": "Nine-day drive to check entry of unauthorised vehicles in Lucknow", "text": "LUCKNOW: A nine-day special drive will be launched by transport department to check the entry of unauthorised vehicles in the city. The drive will take place from today and will continue till November 15 and during the said period, no official or employee will be allowed to take leave. The officials of the department will daily send their report to the department by 5.00 p.m.On the instruction of state transport and roadways minister Raja Mahendra Aridaman Singh, the transport commissioner has asked all the officials on Tuesday to strictly stop the movement of unauthorised vehicles. The transport commissioner has directed the additional transport commissioner and zonal transport officials to conduct the surprise checks of the work done by enforcement officials. He has directed to book the vehicles, which are being operated in an illegal manner under the Motor Vehicles Act. The transport commissioner has said that if the enforcement officials are unable to control the movement of unauthorised vehicles, then strict action will be taken against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17124378", "title": "E-way barricade lifting: Traffic ACP defends himself", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Responding to a contempt notice issued by Punjab and Haryana high court, assistant commissioner of police (traffic), Gurgaon, on Tuesday submitted that barricades near Ambience Mall on the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway toll plaza were removed to ease traffic congestion.ACP Ravinder Tomar told the court that there was no intention to violate the orders of the high court and the decision was taken considering the ground situation. HUDA administrator Praveen Kumar, who was asked to explain why HC orders were not followed, could not appear before the court. He has been asked to file his response on November 16, which is the next date of hearing.On October 17, the division bench of the HC had issued a show-cause notice to the ACP (traffic) Gurgaon and HUDA administrator asking them why proceedings for contempt should not be initiated against them for not complying with the October 8 orders of the court banning L-turn near Ambience Mall. Both the officers were issued notices for removing the barricades blocking the L-turn.Miffed with the decision of the HUDA administrator to remove the blockades, the court had observed that he had no authority to act against the court's directives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17124234", "title": "Mining stakeholders attend 'fruitful' meet with Sinha", "text": "PANAJI: Representatives of mining stakeholders who met the deputy governor of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), Anand Sinha, returned with high hopes of getting a relaxation on the repayment of loans.President of the Goa Chamber of Commerce and Industry (GManguirish Pai Raikar who led the delegation, told TOI that the meeting with the RBI deputy governor was fruitful. The RBI's regional director (RD) will talk to lead banks to sort out the loan issue, he added.Led by Raikar, the delegation consisting of Atul Jadav (president of the barge owners' association), Mahesh Gauns (president of the truck owners' association), Sandeep Parab (president of the heavy machinery operators' association), Chandrakant Gawns, William D'Costa and P S Naik, held a nearly one-hour-long meeting, which was also attended by some senior officers of the RBI.Jadhav told TOI from Mumbai that the meeting was \"very positive\" and that the RBI expressed eagerness to help out the industry. Out of the 290 barges, 170 have been taken on a loan amounting to 360 crore, Jadhav said.Raikar said that Sinha told them to impress upon the state government to get mining activities resumed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17121971", "title": "Lucknow University's Tagore library all set to turn over a new leaf", "text": "LUCKNOW: The newly appointed Lucknow University vice-chancellor GB Patnaik visited the Tagore library on Tuesday to take stock of the situation. Displeased with the existing conditions, the VC said library needs a facelift, both in terms of infrastructure and human resources. LU sources said only five students were present in the library at the time of Patnaik's visit.To improve the situation, the VC has decided to hold a short presentation on Tagore library. All first year students will be made aware of the books available in the library, tips on how to use a library and decorum to be maintained there.The computerisation of catalogue to make the library more reader-friendly is expected to begin soon. The VC said that apart from being a repository of books, library should be used for literary activities like seminars and workshops. Patnaik also advocated keeping the computer centre open till 8pm.Teachers are hopeful that Tagore library will be spruced up. When Prof MK Mishra became the LU vice-chancellor three years ago, he had announced that Tagore library would be upgraded and brought at par with ultramodern and computerised libraries of international repute. But the task remained unaccomplished even as Prof Mishra's tenure ended recently.Tagore library, which came into existence in 1921, is LU's central research library and has a vast collection of books. \"The initiatives taken by the new VC are likely to restore the lost glory of the library. We will able to get more books and journals in the library,'' said a student of the university.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17124307", "title": "Central Zoo Authority issues ultimatum to Maharajbagh Zoo", "text": "NAGPUR: The Central Zoo Authority (CZA) that monitors the functioning of zoos in the country, on Tuesday, has issued an ultimate to Panjabrao Deshmukh Krishi Vidyapeeth, which manages Maharajbagh Zoo, asking it to improve the condition of the zoo failing which its recognition will be suspended midway.Last year, CZA had extended the recognition of the zoo till March 2014 after PDKV promised to improve its condition. The warning was issued by the member-secretary of CZA, BS Bonal, who made a surprise visit to the zoo on Tuesday afternoon. He also visited Gorewada.He also cautioned the authorities not to acquire anymore animals as the zoo doesn't have the required infrastructure. The chief wildlife warden has been planning to shift Palasgaon tiger kept at Seminary Hills to the zoo. On the contrary, Bonal wants to shift one of the three tigresses to Chhatbir zoo in Punjab from Maharajbagh. \"Don't repeat the past mistake of challenging the move,\" said Bonal.\"I'm not at all happy. There is not even 1% improvement in the condition of the cages and also the landscape. All the enclosures are dilapidated and needs to be replaced. The zoo should be run like a zoo and if PDKV is not doing it appropriately even after being an agriculture university, it should give up,\" Bonal's message was loud and clear while talking to TOI.Bonal was annoyed with the zoo controller PG Ingole and officer in charge Dr SS Bawaskar. He even refused to have a cup of teathat was offered by the duo. Ingole arrived after the inspection was over.Bonal was in the city to attend a workshop on wild buffalo organized by the forest department. Bonal's maiden inspection went on for one hour from 3pm to 4pm. He expressed his deep displeasure over the condition of the cages and the way animals were being fed, specially the herbivores.\"Herbivores' fodder is being placed on the very ground where they defecate and urinate. It is an open invitation to diseases,\" Bonal told Dr Bawaskar. He also asked the officials to replace the enclosure for jackals.Staff without uniforms and five enclosures without signages irked Boanl further. He found the water pot filthy with remains of food. The water hole in the tiger's enclosure too was filthy.\"On one hand PDKV says the zoo is an asset while on the other hand it is doing nothing,\" he lamented.\"Is this the way you run a zoo?\" he asked Dr Bawaskar. \"Without signages, you are not only violating CZA rules but defeating the purpose of zoos to educate visitors,\" he added.Ingole and Dr Bawaskar tried to calm down Bonal by assuring that PDKV is waiting for the revised master plan sent to Bhopal-based consultant Jan Sansadhan Vikas Sanstha (JSVS) for the zoo's development. However, Bonal said that the master plan is an excuse for their laxity. \"Master plan takes years to implement things. You can take various works like plantations and cage improvements even now,\" he said.Bonal asked them to grow plants in the gaps between the enclosures and set up barriers for viewers to improve the environment for animals. He asked Ingole to restrict morning walkers to garden premises only and keep them away from zoo. The zoo and garden should also be closed to once a week. The orders were issued in April 2011 but are not being followed.Dr Bawaskar was also asked to dismantle the water fountain in sambhar enclosure and improve surface level of the crocodile cage. A suggestion to change visitor routes was also made. Bonal plans to send a team to the zoo for midterm evaluation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17123369", "title": "Name officers behind decision to destroy written exam records prematurely: HC to HSSC", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab and Haryana high court on Tuesday directed the Haryana Staff Selection Commission (HSSC) to state the names of officers who took the decision of destroying the records of written examination for recruitment to the post of \"mandi supervisors\". The exam was conducted by the HSSC and destroyed on October 25, 2008.A division bench headed by Chief Justice A K Sikri passed these orders during the resumed hearing of an appeal filed by Raju Sharma and Bhupinder Kumar against the order of the single judge passed on March 13, 2012.While passing the stricture, the single judge had observed: \"The conduct of HSSC in destroying answer sheets before the expiry of three months' period from the date of declaration of final result puts the public institutions, like HSSC, in a very poor light.\" The judge had also imposed cost on the commission.During the hearing of the appeal on Tuesday, the appellants' counsel had brought it to the notice of HC that according to its own resolutions, HSSC could not destroy the records of the written test. The counsel referred to various instances, where in the past also the HSSC had destroyed the records prematurely. The counsel, therefore, strongly pleaded that proceedings for criminal contempt be initiated against the concerned officers, who had taken the decision to destroy the records during the pendency of the writ petition before HC.The counsel also brought to the bench's notice a recent case of \"Poonam Rani\", where the written test records pertaining to recruitment of lecturers in Hindi (education department) were destroyed by the HSSC before the expiry of three months. In the said judgment, the Supreme Court had directed HSSC to conduct a fresh written test and interview for considering the candidature of petitioners.The case will next come up for further hearing on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17123423", "title": "Many expats believe Barack Obama can pull it off", "text": "BANGALORE: \"I'm disturbed that the presidential elections are too close to make a clear call,'' says advertising professional Meryl Drater, an American expatriate, hours before the announcement of the results.Hundreds of American expatriates here will be glued to TV screens on Wednesday morning, hoping either Obama or Romney gets a clear victory. If an outright winner doesn't emerge, the results may be delayed by a couple of days though the morning will determine whether Democrats will retain their majority in the Senate or Republicans can wrest control.Many American expats will meet at a plush restaurant here on Wednesday morning to watch the elections results together while others will follow it at home.\"I'm a very strong supporter of President Obama and the Democratic Party. I believe that Democrats represent the best way forward for the US in terms of the economy and foreign policy,\" said former lawyer Camaron Vallepalli, who lives in the city. \"I believe Obama is the only candidate who has a plan that will help all levels of society to succeed,\" she added.Some feel that the winner will have to address policies on women's rights and LGBT rights as firmly as those on economy and unemployment. \"Obama is more progressive then Romney. If Romney is elected, I feel the country will go back 50 years in terms of its GDP and women's rights will go for a toss,\" said Meryl.Meanwhile, Americans of Indian origin here feel the President's threat to bring back jobs from India and China if re-elected was only a message that resonated well with many American voters who felt their jobs were threatened. \"The US is a free market economy and companies will continue to allocate resources where they get the best value,\" said Vir Kashyap, chief operating officer of a Bangalore-based hiring portal.\"Infosys recently opened a large facility in Atlanta , Georgia to cater to US clients who wish to keep their work onshore. It's a smart move which I'm sure will be supported by any administration,\" he said. Some feel that both candidates may be incapable of getting the economy back on its feet and therefore don't support either of them.Tough callI feel very strongly about US foreign policy and the state of our economy. A lot needs to be done irrespective of the person coming to power.Danielle Goldschneider | marketing professional", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17122095", "title": "Maharashtra 'paralyzes' railway projects", "text": "MUMBAI: Commuting by suburban trains will continue to remain a harrowing experience as many big-ticket projects aimed at capacity building are moving ahead at a slow pace. Railways officials have blamed the state government for the failure to execute these projects in time.The railways has claimed that in most of the cases, it has approved the proposal, allocated funds and even done the ground work. However, the financial burden for these projects has to be borne partially by the state government. Until the government does not accelerate its decision-making process, the project will continue to remain only on paper.A senior official said, \"In Mumbai, the railways has been chasing state government officials to get the necessary approvals so that the projects are executed soon. However, the attitude of the government officials is extremely disappointing.\"Frustration levels are running high in the corridors of various railway offices because of the \"rail policy paralysis\" in Mantralaya.Take the case of augmenting nine-car trains to 12-car on Harbour line aimed to increase the passenger-carrying capacity by 33%. The project is crucial as the annual passenger growth on Harbour line is 8-9%. The official explained, \"Harbour line has only two corridors and hence the number of trains cannot be increased. The execution of this project will ensure that people do not die due to over-crowding. However, the state government is least bothered, though funds were earmarked in the railway budget 2012-13 and the project was approved by the cabinet sub-committee on infrastructure in January 2012.\"The Mumbai Rail Vikas Corporation (MRVC) had set an October 2012 deadline to begin work on the ground. Tenders have been finalized but they cannot be awarded as the state government has not issued a government resolution agreeing to share 50% cost of the project.The other crucial issue is the indecision on the 45,000-sq m land at Bandra, which is to be leased for the Railway Land Development Authority (RLDA) to undertake commercial exploitation to generate funds for the Mumbai Urban Transport Project (II).A senior official said, \"After a person with political backing staked claim on the land, the Mumbai (suburban) collector in 2008 issued a stay order to develop the plot. Though we have produced a map dating back to 1904 to prove that the land belongs to railways, state revenue minister Balasaheb Thorat is yet to adjudicate in the dispute despite concluding hearings.\"Another crucial project that will decongest the suburban tracks is the Panvel Coaching Complex, which will help shift long-distance trains from CST to Panvel. However, Cidco, which will partner the project with the railways, has now proposed a financial model that is not acceptable for funding.The official said, \"The project will be a game-changer as it will open up the path to run more trains on the existing suburban network as most trains will stop coming to CST or Dadar.\"Manu Kumar Srivastav, principal secretary, urban development department, and Thorat did not respond to calls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17121423", "title": "$320mn World Bank aid for Assam road project", "text": "NEW DELHI: The World Bank on Monday signed an agreement with the central and Assam governments to provide $320 million, around Rs 1,760 crore, for improving secondary road network in the north-eastern state.The project will support improvement of priority sections of secondary roads, implementation of Assam's 'Road Sector Modernization Programme' and development of a multi-sector road safety strategy, a statement said. As per the agreement, the project will be implemented over a period of six years.This is the second big financial allocation, though from an external agency, for Assam after the road transport and highways ministry gave around Rs 6,000 crore to improve the national highways across the state. Assam has the maximum share of a special road development programme designed for the north-eastern states.The objective of the World Bank project is to enhance road connectivity in Assam by assisting the public works department to improve and effectively manage its road network.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17123642", "title": "Gadkari should apologise for Vivekananda-Dawood remark: Cong", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh Congress has demanded an apology from BJP president Nitin Gadkari for his remarks on the IQ levels of Swami Vivekananda and fugitive don Dawood Ibrahim.\"Gadkari's statement showed that the BJP chief had lost his mental balance after corruption charges were levelled against him,\" Leader of Opposition in Madhya Pradesh Assembly Ajay Singh said in a statement here.The BJP chief's statement also proves Congress general secretary Digvijay Singh's allegation that the \"RSS is in league with fundamentalist organizations.\"Addressing an award ceremony in Bhopal on Sunday, Gadkari had said, \"As per psychology, if we can compare the IQ level of Swami Vivekananda and that of Dawood Ibrahim , then it could have been almost the same. But Vivekananda used it in nation building, brotherhood and spiritualism, while Dawood used that in excelling in crime world.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17121269", "title": "5 dead, 4 injured in Arunachal road mishap", "text": "ITANAGAR: At least five persons died on the spot while four other sustained severe injuries when the vehicle they were travelling in skidded off the road and fell into a gorge near Komkar village, 26 km away from Yingkiong in Upper Siang district of Arunachal Pradesh.The accident occurred at 8 pm on Monday when the vehicle with nine passengers was on its way from Yingkiong to Pasighat in East Siang district, police said on Tuesday.The deceased were identified as Harjan Singh, his wife, Saraj Rawat, both teachers of Yingkiong Government Higher Secondary School, Ojing Modi of Gette village, Juho Taku of Geku and Jotey Chettry, the driver of the vehicle.The injured were admitted to the Yingkiong Dirctict Hospital while one of the passengers who is in a critical condition was evacuated to Dibrugarh for treatment, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17122199", "title": "Food, films &amp; fests bind desis to roots: Survey", "text": "MUMBAI: Indians on holiday abroad may steer clear of Indian restaurants there, but for those who reside overseas, food from the Motherland is their cultural connection to home. Or so a new survey reveals.The poll protractedly titled, 'Great loves that bind overseas Indians back home', reveals what Indian food enterprises abroad knew all along.The survey, conducted by Nielsen across 12 countries and a sample size of 600 respondents, discovered that Indian food tops the list of \"cultural commodities\" that connect overseas Indians to their roots, with a 21% vote.Following close on the heels of dal tadka and its ilk, is (no prizes for guessing...) Bollywood, with 15% of the respondents selecting this option. It probably explains why visiting expats return home with armloads of Hindi DVDs (quality no bar), and it could also justify the fanfare Indian actors receive when on foreign excursions. And trailing third in the stakes for connectivity with a 7% count is the traditional Indian festival (like Diwali or Id), which may not be attended abroad with the same drama as in India, but it recalls one's roots nonetheless.The survey was commissioned by Western Union, the global payment services company. \"Naturally, what binds Indians overseas and India together most of all is family and friends, no matter where they are spread in the world,\" says Kiran Shetty, regional vice-president and manager director (India) at Western Union. \"Icons of culture also serve to define our national identity and Indians around the world have very consistent feelings on what those symbols are,\" he added.Following Indian food, Bollywood and traditional festivals, came cricket (6%six percent) and ayurveda (5%five percent), while classical music and dance, places of worship, handicrafts, Indian traditional wear and yoga were more representative of India to expats than Indian weddings, superstitions and myths, palaces and heritage places. Interestingly, the survey, which polled both categories of overseas Indians (those who have lived abroad for at least nine years and those born there) showed that both sets voted equally for the top three cultural signifiers. However, those with Indian descent (second or third generation Indians) were more enthusiastic about Bollywood and festivals, while direct emigres from India favoured Indian cuisine and Ayurveda more.In a separate count, Western Union discovered that more than 93% of remittances to India were sent by family, to mainly cover living costs and educational expenses. Other occasions for transferring money included festival gifting and emergencies. The ministry of overseas Indians estimates over 25 million Indians live overseas in 194 countries. This information is based on documented statistics representing NRIs and persons of Indian origin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17122024", "title": "Special Investigation Bureau files charge-sheet against nine accused", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Special Investigation Bureau of the cooperative cell of Uttar Pradesh Police on Tuesday filed charge-sheet against nine accused including former labour minister Badshah Singh in the multi-crore Labour and Construction Cooperative Federation (Laccfed) scam.The SIB filed the charge-sheet in a hurry, as the 90-day custody of the accused arrested is expiring on Wednesday. As a result, the accused would have got bail easily. According to sources, the SIB has filed charge-sheet under various sections of the Indian Penal Code and the Prevention of Corruption Act related to misuse of official capacity, fraud and kickbacks in allotment of contracts.As many as 11 ministers in the previous Mayawati regime have been allegedly found to be involved in the scam. The SIB has interrogated several former ministers. Non-bailable warrant has been issued against two who did not turn up for interrogation. The SIB is investigating alleged misappropriation of over Rs 400 crore from government funds meant for the Laccfed to construct mortuaries, polytechnic buildings, hospitals, hostels, employment exchanges, veterinary hospitals and court rooms among other things in 2010-2011. Though the amount of embezzlement is not much as compared to the NRHM scam, the Laccfed scam is one of its kind as it involves 11 ministers in a single case.Former ministers under scanner are: Naseemuddin Siddiqui, Swami Prasad Maurya, Lakshmi Narayan, Sadal Prasad, Anees Ahmad, Nand Gopal Gupta, Babu Singh Kushwaha , Chandradeo Ram Yadav, Awadhpal Singh Yadav, Rangnath Mishra and Badshah Singh. Charges against them include kickbacks for allocating various projects to the cooperative federation. A few of them have ignored the SIB's notice. Kushwaha is in jail in connection with the NRHM scam. Among those who appeared for interrogation include former minister Badshah Singh, who is now in BJP, and was arrested earlier this month by the SIB.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17123528", "title": "Spl drive for missing persons from Dec", "text": "BHOPAL: Voicing concern over the laxity observed in dealing with missing person's cases, DGP Nandan Dubey instructed district SPs to launch a special drive from December. The instructions came at a meeting held recently.According to instructions issued by the DGP, the drive would be conducted from December 1 to December 31. Under this, cases of missing children, women and men would be scrutinised again. Police officials on the basis of the complaint would go to their homes and conduct searches in greater details. Besides, FIR would be lodged in those cases where the people are still missing and proceedings would be taken forward.The special drive would be monitored by the district SPs every week. Also, a fortnightly review would be undertaken by the DGP and the range DIGs.DGP Dubey also instructed the district SPs to submit review details of the drive by January 7 to the PHQ.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17124588", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcTerminator\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 robotic arm comes to \u00e2\u20ac\u2122man s rescue", "text": "LONDON: A UK man has been fitted with a 'Terminator-like' carbon fibre mechanical hand which he can control with movements in his upper arm.Nigel Ackland, 53, from Royston, Cambridgeshire lost his arm in an accident six years ago and has now been given a new lease of life by a hi-tech bionic hand which is so precise that he can type again. The Bebionic 3 Myoelectric hand, made from aluminium and alloy knuckles, moves like a real human limb by responding to Ackland's muscle twitches , the Telegraph reported.The twitches in his upper arm are detected by sensors that trigger one of 14 pre-programmed grips, mirroring human movements . They include a clenched fist, a pointed finger and a pincer and a lighter and heavier depending on how the user tenses his upper arm.The robotic arm is so sensitive that he can touch type on a computer keyboard , peel vegetables and even dress himself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17122322", "title": "'Fast-track cases of foreigners'", "text": "MUMBAI: Swift police action in arresting the accused who allegedly raped the 27-year-old Spanish woman has prompted legal experts to call for fast-tracking of the case and completion of the investigation before the victim may have to leave the country.\"If a foreign national falls victim to a serious crime such as rape, it becomes imperative for the system to act fast and ensure justice because it affects the credibility of the nation as well as Mumbai as a safe destination for women,\" said senior crime counsel Adhik Shirodkar. \"The trial has to be expedited or it will be difficult to establish her case.\" He added that it was essential to get forensic and scientific evidence immediately to prove an offence of rape with the help of DNA tests. \"The police should complete the investigation and file a chargesheet before the victim may have to leave the country,\" Shirodkar said.Advocate Swapnil Kothari pointed to several cases of alleged rape of foreigners that have been put on fast track. \"The Goa government decided to expedite two recent alleged rape cases, involving Russian nationals. The spate of rapes in Hisar, Haryana, entailed speedy arrest of the accused and the Haryana police planned to put this case in the fast-track court as well to ensure that the culprits did not go scot free. That is exactly what is required here in Mumbai too,\" Kothari said. \"In the US, courts are very vigilant and ensure that a foreign national victim, especially that of rape or aggravated assault, is put at ease immediately by appointing a lawyer and speeding up the investigation and trial. Even psychiatric help is made available to the victim. Lest the visa could expire and the foreign national may have to leave the country, the authorities bypass the formalities to go for an expeditious disposal.\"Lawyers pointed out that a victim of foreign origin might not be able to stay on in the city till the trial was concluded, which usually took years. \"The Spanish victim may not be able stay her for long,\" said Shirodkar. \"Currently, there are no cl ear guidelines on matters like who should pay for her expenses if she has to come back for the trial as a witness or if she has to remain here till the conclusion of the case.\" In such a situation, said advocate Mihir Gheewala who practices criminal law, the police which had quite commendably nabbed the accused, must make the case water-tight by first getting the DNA samples of the accused from his hair, skin and nails. Once that was done, he said, even if the woman did leave for her homeland, recording a testimony or cross-examination via video-conferencing could be an option. But though video-conferencing is an option, many lawyers say it is for the best if the victim can be present in person during the trial. The presence of a witness in court also helps establish cogent evidence, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17122096", "title": "Construction of new health centres takes a backseat", "text": "LUCKNOW: It has been more six months since around Rs 100 crore were sanctioned to complete various construction activities undertaken under National Rural Health Mission (NRHM), but the progress made has been rather negligible. Take the example of a project related to community health centres (CHCs). As per plans, 86 CHCs were to be built in the 2012-13 financial year. But the health department and the designated construction agency have been able to identify and acquire land for only 28 CHCs. Construction of primary health centres also has the same story.Attributing the snail-pace progress to laxity and lack of initiative by the health department officials, minister for health and family welfare, Ahmed Hasan said that such an attitude was uncalled for and will not be tolerated. \"There is no dearth of funds and the government is willing to improve the health infrastructure, thus there is no room for any laxity,\" he told officials at a review meeting on Tuesday.In another important decision, the minister has directed that anti-venom and anti-rabies vaccine should be provided at all primary and community health centres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17122274", "title": "L&T; sells Chennai property for Rs 88cr", "text": "CHENNAI: Engineering and construction giant, Larsen &amp; Toubro, has agreed to sell its Club House Road property, off the Mount Road, to Tablets India for nearly Rs 88 crore. The transaction values land at nearly Rs 4.6 crore a ground (1 ground is 2,400 square feet).Interestingly, the price is about Rs 2 crore per ground less than a recent real estate transaction that happened on upmarket Kothari Road in Nungambakkam, where tractor major APC Tractor, a part of TAFE, bought about six grounds from Institute for Financial Management and Research for Rs 40.31 crore. L&T;'s decision to sell its erstwhile regional headquarters is part of its move to rationalize its real estate holdings. The property spanned across nearly 19 grounds and also had a building of nearly 70,000 square feet.\"L&T; operations are now centered around Manapakkam (where ECC's headquarters is located) and beyond on that highway. They decided to sell this land and Tablets is purchasing it for setting up its corporate office in the city,\" a source said.L&T; sources said the group has been exploring various aspects of commercial development of the property, which includes a potential sale.Tablets India is part of the Jhaver group and is a manufacturer of various types of pharmaceutical formulations. The therapeutic range which Tablets India deals with includes nutritional supplements, haematinics, hepatoprotectives and novel antipyretic, among others.The Club House Road property is bang in the middle of the central business district of Chennai and is opposite luxury hotel Taj Club House. \"Location of the property is fantastic as it is also aligned to the upcoming metro, making it ideal for office space,\" a person involved in the deal said.A realtor commented, \"It is a cheap buy. At that price, you cannot dream of getting space on or off the Mount Road\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "17122703", "title": "Graft, cronyism on menu as China readies to welcome new rulers", "text": "BEIJING: The Communist Party of China (CPC) is the world's biggest political party, with a membership of 82.6 million in 2011. And, its most powerful body is the National Congress, which meets every five years. The 18th Congress is meeting in Beijing from 8 November.This party congress is of greater importance for several reasons. One is, of course, that it will replace some of the key leaders like President Wen Jiabao and Premier Hu Jintao, who is the general secretary of the party. Such replacement is mandated after a person has completed two terms in office, which Wen and Hu have.The Congress will also lay down the policy for next five years \u00e2\u20ac\u201d how to sustain the remarkable economic growth of the past decade in which China's GDP quadruped, and more importantly, how to bridge the increasing economic and regional inequality. Should there be more deregulation, more privatization or should the state pull back the reins?Also, the Congress will have to come up with suitable devices to stop runaway corruption and cronyism that has blossomed under deregulation and exposed the CPC to serious but not yet debilitating charges \u00e2\u20ac\u201d as in the case of Bo Xilai, former Polit Bureau member and Liu Zhijun, former railway minister \u00e2\u20ac\u201d both in jail facing graft charges.The congress will be attended by 2270 delegates elected through a mammoth 10-month long exercise which involved elections in 3.89 million party units. The average age of attending delegates is 52 years. Nearly three quarters of the delegates joined the CPC after November 1976, just before China embraced liberalization in 1979. This is a big change \u00e2\u20ac\u201d in the last Party Congress in 2007, just 52% delegates were from the post liberalization period. It means that the spirit of reforms, as designed by Deng Xiaoping, the father of modernized China, will continue to flourish.How does the CPC control and run various arms of the state machinery?The Party Congress elects a central committee (CC). The present CC has 204 members, with 167 alternate members meant to replace vacancies. The CC elects a general secretary and the powerful 25 member Polit Bureau from within itself which carry out the responsibilities on a day to day basis.From the Polit Bureau is selected a nine-member standing committee which is the real center of power \u00e2\u20ac\u201d its members include the president and premier; the chairman of the military commission, a body selected by the CC to run the 2.3 million strong army; the chairman of the discipline inspection commission, a body again selected by the CC to supervise discipline in the party; and the chairman of the National People's Congress, the parliament equivalent.The CC through its secretariat, guided by the Polit Bureau, runs various departments \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Propaganda, Organization, International Liaison, etc. It also directs and coordinates the gigantic structure downwards through province, county, township levels to village and workplace units.On the other side, the CC influences the appointment of the state council, the cabinet equivalent, headed by the premier. The CC also guides the appointment of the supreme people's court and the procurator.Most of these functions are in reality carried out by the Polit Bureau, or it's standing committee, as the CC meets only 5-6 times in 5 years. This makes the standing committee and the general secretary the centre of real power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17122209", "title": "Brahmo national meet to start on November 8", "text": "PUNE: The 122nd Brahmo national conference, organised by the Pune Prarthana Samaj, will be held between November 8 and November 10 this year. The theme is 'Prarthana Samaj for Children: Faith, Programme and Practices'.The conference will aim to inculcate among students faith in principles of the Samaj. As many as 150 participants from various Brahmo Samaj are expected to attend from all over India and Bangladesh .The Pune Prarthana Samaj is a 142-year-old organisation and has roots in the Brahmo Samaj Movement inspired by visionary social reformer Raja Rammohan Roy, which was founded by Roy in Bengal. In Maharashtra, the Prarthana Samaj was founded in Mumbai in 1867 and in Pune in 1870, with the support of Justice Mahadev Govind Ranade and Ramkrishna Gopal Bhandarkar. Maharshi Vitthal Ramji Shinde was the missionary of the Samaj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17123524", "title": "School, college bus operators threaten to stop plying buses", "text": "BHOPAL: The school and college bus owners association have threatened to stop plying buses from Friday if the school college buses are not kept out of the purview of toll tax at the Raja Bhoj Bridge (Bhadbhada). The decision would affect about 500 buses, the association said.The association urged the mayor Krishna Gaur to issue necessary instructions to prevent disruption of services.Rajendra Sharma, secretary of the association said, \"If the civic body decides to collect toll tax on the buses, then it would amount to an additional burden of Rs 2,200 per bus. Already inflation and soaring fuel prices have squeezed the margins of bus operators and the additional toll tax would lead to further hike child's bus fee.\"Naseem Parvez, chairperson of the association said, \"The municipal corporation had started collecting toll tax in the year 2005 but had rolled back after protests from the school and college bus owners. Recently at a meeting, the proposal was revived by the council members.\"\"In case the Wednesday meeting doesn't yield any conclusive results, the bus owners would stop plying their buses on the bridge from Friday,\" he added.A memorandum has been submitted to the mayor in this regard as well. The move would affect around 25,000 students residing in the neighbouring colonies or studying in the educational institutions along Bhadbhada.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17123608", "title": "Study centre tech degree invalid: HC", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Terminating the validity of the degrees and diplomas in technical courses issued by various deemed universities and institutes to the students of the region through distance learning programmes, Punjab and Haryana high court on Tuesday held that the issuance of such academic certificates is illegal.The decision would primarily affect thousands of employees of Punjab, Haryana and Chandigarh, who had got departmental promotions on the basis of the degrees and diplomas from deemed universities and institutions, situated outside the region, in recent years.The division bench, comprising Justices Hemant Gupta and Rajiv Narain Raina, passed the judgment stating that the University Grants Commission (UGC and All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) didn't approve of this practice.The high court decision came on a bunch of petitions filed by Kartar Singh and others in 2008.\"The degrees granted by such deemed universities are illegal and the candidates cannot be deemed to be qualified in the purported subjects in the absence of approval from the UGC,\" the bench observed in its 160-page verdict.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17123756", "title": "Another H1N1 death in Coimbatore", "text": "COIMBATORE: One more person died at a private hospital in the city on late Monday night after he was tested H1N1 positive. With this death, the toll in the city, of the number of people who died due to H1N1, has gone to three. Earlier, a 44-year-old woman from Sriram Nagar near Vellalore and a 77-year-old man from Uppilipalayam were declared dead on October 26 and 28 at two private hospitals in the city. The total number of H1N1 deaths in Coimbatore since January 2012 has gone to six out of which three persons were from Tirupur, Nilgiris and Palakkad district in Kerala, who were later referred to hospitals in the city for treatment.\"The latest victim was undergoing treatment at G Kuppuswamy Naidu Memorial (GKNM) Hospital. We are taking all the measures necessary to maintain precaution against all the people who had come in contact with the infected people. Situation is being closely monitored,\" said Dr R Damodharan, deputy director, public health services, Coimbatore.The deceased has been identified as a 39-year-old man of Devangai Nagar in Edayarpalayam locality, who was admitted to the hospital on October 4 after he showed symptoms of severe fever, throat ache and respiratory complications. His throat swabs were collected and he was declared as H1N1 positive on the same day. But his condition deteriorated and he was declared dead on late Monday night. The health officials claimed that the deceased victim was diabetic with a history of hypertension.\"The patient died after his kidneys failed to function and he become unresponsive to treatment,\" Damodharan added.Sreenivasan's relatives at his residence claimed that he had gone to Madurai recently before he started showing symptoms of fever and wheezing. Initially, he had approached a private doctor near Flower Market in RS Puram where he was prescribed some basic tablets for wheezing and asked to return after few days. But the family members had to rush him to the private hospital after his condition worsened on Sunday.The health officials claimed that the Coimbatore Medical College Hospital was well equipped to receive and treat H1N1 patients at the isolation ward inside the hospital complex. On October 26, Latha Senthilnathan, a 44 year old woman from Sri Ram Nagar near Vellalore died at GKNM hospital while Rajagopal, a 77 year old man from Uppilipalayam was declared at PSG Hospital near Peelamedu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17124631", "title": "Kharif onions arrive but with over 35% price hike", "text": "NASHIK: The much-awaited fresh arrival of the Kharif onion crop have started trickling in the Lasalgaon wholesale market, but are priced 36% higher than the Rabi onions harvested during last summer.The average wholesale prices of Kharif (monsoon) onions in the Lasalgaon Agriculture Produce Marketing Committee (APMC) were recorded at Rs 1,301 a quintal on Tuesday, compared to the average wholesale prices of the summer crop at Rs 950 a quintal. Around 150 quintals of Kharif onion and 12,000 quintals of summer onion were auctioned in the Lasalgaon APMC.The average wholesale prices of onions in various APMCs (Agriculture Produce Market Committees) in Nashik district was recorded in the range of Rs 875 to Rs 950 a quintal.The Kharif onion acreage has decreased by around 50% due to the erratic monsoon. Regular arrival of the Kharif crop, which generally begins by Dusshera, is now expected to arrive in the market by December due to the delayed monsoon. What is currently arriving in the market are summer crops that were stored by farmers since April-May this year. Onion prices are therefore likely expected to soar in the next couple of months as the summer onion stocks deplete and fresh crop may not be available in adequate quantity.The shelf life of summer crop is around six months while the shelf life of Kharif onion is only a month. Given that the latter start rotting sooner, farmers who have storage facilities prefer to store the summer crop to get better prices. Now, farmers and traders have started bringing in their stored onion thereby controlling supply. While the Kharif crop has begun to arrive in Lasalgaon APMC, it is making its way in with very low quantities of around 150 quintals. In the Pimpalgaon APMC, average wholesale prices were recorded at Rs 875 a quintal on Tuesday with minimum and maximum rates recorded at Rs 400 and Rs 1,270 a quintal, on Tuesday. Around 10,000 quintals of onion were auctioned on Tuesday in the Pimpalgaon APMC.In the Yeola APMC, average wholesale onion prices were recorded at Rs 950 a quintal on Tuesday with minimum and maximum prices recorded at Rs 200 and Rs 1,251 a quintal on Tuesday. Around 6,000 quintals were auctioned on Tuesday at the Yeola APMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17121255", "title": "108 ambulances saved many lives", "text": "GUWAHATI: Mrityunjoy -108 Emergency Response Services (ERS) has attended to over 12,99,049 emergencies in Assam and saved more than 51,216 lives in its four years of operation. It currently has 280 ambulances and three boat ambulances in Majuli, Sadiya and Dhubri.The ambulances of Mrityunjoy -108 ERS are fully-equipped with all the necessary medicines, equipments and manned by a team of Emergency Medical Technician (EMT) and driver. The ambulance service and pre-hospital care in the ambulance is free of cost to every citizen. It has been recognized as a single point of contact for all emergencies since October 17, 2012. This service was launched by the CM on November 6, 2006.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17121461", "title": "HC stays PG medical National Eligibility Cum Entrance Test", "text": "HYDERABAD: The AP High Court on Tuesday stopped the Medical Council of India (MCI) from going ahead with its National Eligibility Cum Entrance Test (NEET) for postgraduate (PG) medical courses for the academic year 2013. The test is scheduled to be held on Nov 23. The HC had in October stayed the same for undergraduate (UG) course.A division bench comprising Justices V Eswaraiah and N Ravi Shankar ordered a stay after hearing a plea by the state government which said it was aggrieved by the way MCI had planned NEET. The state government accused both the Centre and the MCI of ignoring the special rights conferred to Andhra Pradesh under Article 371(D) of the Constitution. Article 371(D) allows AP to have zone-wise reservations to help its backward areas. Additional advocate general KG Krishna Murthy told the bench that MCI's NEET notification would adversely affect the interests of students from the state. The bench directed the Union health ministry and the MCI to file their counters within two weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17122273", "title": "Techie, father held for demanding dowry", "text": "PUNE: The Bharati Vidyapeeth police on Monday arrested a software engineer, Javed Balganoor (30) and his father, Kaledusman (60), of Katraj, for subjecting the former's wife to severe cruelty, and for demanding a dowry of Rs 1 lakh. A magisterial court on Tuesday sent the duo to police custody remand till November 8. They were arrested on a complaint registered by Ayesha (27), a post-graduate in hotel management.Ayesha told the police that Javed, his parents and sister-in-law had allegedly subjected her to physical and mental ill-treatment between November 28, 2010 and November 5, 2011, for not meeting their dowry demands.Sub-inspector Dwarika Dokhe produced the duo before the court.Arguing for seven-day police custody, assistant public prosecutor Jyoti Lakkha said custodial interrogation of the duo is essential for recovering the victim's ornaments, passport, documents and clothes. Lakkha pleaded the court to give the police sufficient time for arresting the victim's mother in-law and sister in-law.Opposing the prosecutions plea, defence lawyers M M Sayed, Iqbal Shaikh and Qadir Shaikh submitted that the custodial interrogation of his clients was not essential as they were not in possession of the gold ornaments and other valuables.The lawyers alleged that the police had created vested interest in the case by compelling Ayesh to register a complaint against her husband and in-laws a charge refuted by the prosecution. They prayed to sent their clients to magisterial custody.After hearing both sides, the court sent the suspects to police custody remand till Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17121585", "title": "Court moves in to get Dubai Emaar chief\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s statement", "text": "The CBI special court on Tuesday decided to send letter rogatory (LR) to a Dubai court with a request to the latter to record the statement of Mohammad Alabbar, chairman of Emaar Properties, Dubai, an accused in the Emaar scam case, and send it back to it. Principal special judge U Durga Prasad Rao signed the LR and the same will now be sent to Dubai via the external affairs ministry. CBI took this LR route since all its efforts to quiz Alabbar did not yield any results. Even the summons sent by the CBI court did not bear fruit. The CBI wants to verify the Dubai bank account details of another accused, Koneru Madhu, who received Rs 1.70 crore of scam money from two Emaar villa buyers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17121083", "title": "Shoppers log on for wider choice", "text": "RANCHI: The city is waking up to a new lifestyle. Studying, shopping, praying, banking... you name it and the mouse can lead you to a new world of virtual reality.Rishabh Singh, a businessman, said, \"Online banking and bill payment have now become so easy. We can avoid long queues now.\"Shopping could not have been better, too, for shopaholics and those who do it out of necessity. If there's no time for that last-minute festive buy or picking up a gift for a close friend's anniversary, just log on to a website and there you have a whole range of goodies with attractive discounts waiting to be loaded on your cart. Panchchi Barnawal, a working woman, said, \"There are many websites which offer really good deals which one will not be able to get in local shops. Also, these websites deliver the items within three or four days and they even have money-back offers if you don't like your purchase. And the best part is you don't have to step out of your home.\"Another benefit of online shopping is that it makes sending gifts easier and faster. \"My sister lives in Bangalore and earlier there were not many options apart from courier services for sending gifts. But now I can choose a gift or even fresh flowers online and register my sister's address and they will have it delivered to the right address,\" said Sahil Singh, a banker.The net is also helping many housewives and college students make a living out of part-time assignments. Manjesh Pandit, a collegian said, \"It's been over a year now that I have been working online as a data entry operator and I get almost Rs 1,000 per assignment. This way I don't have to depend on my parents for pocket money.\"Several websites offer virtual makeup and hairstyle tips for the fashion conscious. \"I upload my photograph on the website and try various makeup and hair styles,\" said Madhu Aggarwal, a collegian.\"I have enrolled myself at a distance learning course. I get all study material online and I can also give my examination online. This way I will be able to get a degree while working,\" said Ravi Kumar, an employee of a private firm.Several websites offer cheap medicines and also blood in case of an emergency. The state government is also trying to keep up with the changing world and now with www.apkacm.com people can register their grievances with the chief minister directly.Even divinity has not been left out of the cyber circuit. There are many websites of temples, where people can offer prayers and donation. The Ranchi Pahari Mandir will also be coming up with its website soon were devotees can tour the temple online and offer prayers.Ramanada Mishra, a senior citizen, said, \"It is really difficult for an old man like me to go to all the temples across the country, so I usually ask my son to log on to the websites were I can see those temples.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17123644", "title": "CCTVs to curb thefts in Jhabua village", "text": "BHOPAL: Over 5,000 people from Sarangi - an obscure village in the tribal-dominated Jhabua district of Madhya Pradesh- have kept thieves at bay and police personnel on their toes by putting the entire village area under 24x7 camera surveillance.The villagers perturbed by repeated incident of thefts and 'indifference' of the police, decided to put technology to use to keep their dwellings safe. They collected funds and installed 12 night vision close-circuit television cameras (CCTV) as a beginning to nail culprits.\"Our target is to install 90 more cameras\", says Shailendra Medtwal, who runs a medical store in the village which is dominated by small scale businessmen and farmers.Miraculously, technology worked wonders for the villagers as over six theft cases were solved within days.In two of the cases, thieves were identified on the basis of CCTV footage. They were handed over to police. In the remaining four cases the accused - who were caught on camera stealing motor pumps - were let off with a warning.Besides fearing intensive camera surveillance, police also started patrolling the village on a regular basis. Cases like eve teasing, assaults and even consuming alcohol at public places has come to a halt since the monitoring started, claim the villagers.For the last many years, people in Sarangi village were carrying out night patrol to track the thieves, but to no avail. Crime graph was on the rise, especially thefts and robberies, said sources.\"My parents are old and I am the only one to take care of them. It was very difficult to look after the shop after patrolling in the night. Now it's fine. We don't have to keep ourselves awake. Cameras will keep vigil,\" Medtwal told TOI. It was his idea to install the CCTV camera.The victims, in a few of the cases, were brutally thrashed by thieves before fleeing away with valuables.\"They had injured my wife's ears while snatching her earrings. They were armed and were dangerous\" recalls Jitendra Basher, who took the lead in contributing for the facility.Recently, a thief who stole a motor pump was identified and caught with the help of camera installed outside Basher's residence. \"We identified the thief after the footage was shown to village kotwar. He was handed to police for action,\" said Basher.Motivated by the success, more villagers have started contributing for the cause. With a collection of around Rs 5 lakh, the villagers have placed orders for more CCTV cameras. Around 90 more cameras will be installed in the village after Diwali.The villagers have set up, private monitoring 'cells' for this. They have constituted a monitoring room for a set of four cameras. Due to frequent power cuts, the monitors have been installed in houses that have invertors and power back-up facility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17124614", "title": "Illegally stored crackers worth Rs 7.5L seized", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Road p olice raided a house in Deolaligaon and confiscated firecrackers worth Rs 7.5 lakh that were being stocked illegally.A woman, Rekha Chandrakant Vispute, has been booked for the offence under various IPC sections and the Explosives Act.The raid was conducted late on Monday evening and cops seized two truckloads of firecrackers during the operation.Senior police inspector of the Nashik Road police station Muktar Bagwan said that a few months ago the police commissioner had cancelled the permits of many who owned shops or godowns to sell or store firecrackers in residential areas. While others whose licences were cancelled refrained from stocking firecrackers for the Diwali season, accused Vispute, had continued to stock the items.Cops also said that two truckloads of firecrackers was no small amount of explosive and in case of any eventuality, it would have become difficult for the law-enforcing and fire safety machinery to control the loss of life and property.Vispute has been booked under several IPC sections including Section 285 (negligent conduct with respect to fire or combustible matter), Section 286 (negligent conduct with respect to explosive substance) and Section 336 (Act endangering life or the personal safety of others).Senior officials also said that no illegal sale of firecrackers would be allowed in the city and they would be ensuring the same through rigorous patrolling ahead and during the festival of Diwali.Meanwhile, the city police also circulated do's and don'ts for citizens as well as firecracker vendors, with respect to erecting shops and stalls and bursting crackers .The police said that anyone found violating norms may may face an imprisonment of up to eight days or be slapped with a fine of Rs 1,250 for disobeying the order, under various sections of the Bombay Police Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17122172", "title": "Narain, Karun to compete together in Race of Champions", "text": "NEW DELHI: India's influence in the world of motorsports has grown after hosting two successful Formula One races.With the world standing up to take notice, Indian drivers Narain Karthikeyan and Karun Chandhok have been invited to take part in the annual Race of Champions (ROC) which will take place in Bangkok from December 14 to 16.The race, an annual feature since 1988, will feature Team India in the ROC Asia event for the first time.The event is the only competition in the world where stars from Formula One, World Rally Championship, NASCAR, sportscars and touring cars compete against each other in identical cars. This year's event will include seven-time F1 champion Michael Schumacher , two-time reigning world champion Sebastian Vettel , MotoGP champion Jorge Lorenzo and Indycar winner Ryan Hunter-Reay .\"This a great opportunity to represent the country on the world stage after a long gap. The last time Karun (Chandhok) and I competed like this was during the A1 GP. A stadium in Bangkok will be paved with tarmac for this event. We also have specially designed cars for the ROC races. It'll be good to compete with some of the top drivers with equal machinery, which is not always the case in Formula One,\" Karthikeyan said on Tuesday.\"This format is completely different from what either of us has done in the past. India is now being recognized as a bigger power in motorsports, which was confirmed by this invitation,\" Chandhok, who has been competing in the World Endurance Championship this year, said.Schumacher and Vettel have dominated the Nation's Cup event for Team Germany, winning the last five titles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17122943", "title": "Needle in man's bloodstream leads to open heart surgery", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 74-year-old kidney failure patient who was undergoing dialysis at a North Delhi hospital received the shock of his life when doctors told him that the dialysis needle used for the procedure had broken in the vein and stayed inside his body. It was 3 pm on Monday.Because of increased blood pressure, created mechanically by the doctors using a technique wherein the artery of the arm is connected to the vein for dialysis, the four-centimetre metal travelled to the shoulder in just 40 minutes. By the time doctors could attempt a surgery, it had entered the patient's heart.Vidyasagar Jain was later referred to Sir Ganga Ram Hospital where a team of cardiac surgeons managed to pull out the needle following open heart surgery.\"The patient reached the hospital about 6 in the evening when the needle had already lodged itself in the right ventricle. We made three or four attempts of removing it through minimally invasive techniques but it could not be done because the piece of metal was lacking in width and finally an open heart surgery was carried out,\" said Dr Ganesh Raj Shivnani, senior consultant and chairman, department of cardiac surgery, who conducted the procedure. Shivnani, who was recently mentioned in the Limca Book of Records for conducting the maximum number of successful bypass surgeries, said the patient would not have lived for more than a few hours because there was perforation in the chamber of the heart where the needle was lodged.Explaining the removal, he added, \"The patient was put on heart and lung machine. His heart was opened. Fortunately, we could easily locate the tip of the needle. I pulled it out myself and then repaired the perforation caused by it on the wall of the right ventricle.\" The patient is doing fine and will be discharged within a week, Shivnani said.Experts say while there are several examples of damage to body organs due to sewing or injections used for drug abuse, heart damage caused due to injection used for dialysis is rare. \"Dialysis is the method of mechanically cleansing the blood outside of the body in order to remove various substances that would normally be cleared by the kidneys. Doctors generally construct a connecting between the artery and vein in the arm for speedy flow of blood - from 15 ml per minute to 300 ml per minute. If the technician is not careful and the needle is not fitted tightly, the force of the arterial blood can push it into the veins and into the heart as was the case with Jain,\" said Dr Shivnani.Jain said he had been going to the same hospital (name withheld) for two years for dialysis. \"The needle caused excruciating pain in the chest. I was unable to breathe properly. This is the end, I thought. But the doctors have given me a new lease of life,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17123806", "title": "Varsity to include career-training courses at undergraduate level", "text": "COIMBATORE: In an effort to make it easier for students to get a job after they complete graduation, Bharathiar University is planning to introduce career-training programmes at the under-graduate level. M Jayakumar, director at the department of extension in the university says that industry-oriented training programmes would be introduced along with the under-graduation programmes for students.Recently, the university conducted a placement drive for final year students, which was attended by some of the leading corporate houses. Out of 11,403 students, only 10 percent were given offer letters by the recruiters. Seeing the dismal figures, the university decided to conduct an aptitude training programme for its students.\"The proposed certificate course will be for 90 hours on various topics including finance and accounts. The purpose is to reduce the training cycle for industries once they select the students,\" he said.The courses planned for a semester have been designed in association with some of the leading firms. Jayakumar said that they were talking to firms on the possibility of designing courses specifically for other streams like language and humanities. \"There are vacancies for students from arts and science streams in banking, insurance, online jobs and others,\" he pointed out.The university came up with the idea of parallel training programmes seeing the dismal performance of its students at various levels of recruitment. Many students could even clear basic English and Maths.\"Around 60 percent of the students doing the arts and science courses are first generation learners who look for employment immediately after graduation. This requires that they should have specially designed training to resolve this problem, Jayakumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17123368", "title": "Canadian PM, wife on 'political' visit, to pay obeisance at Kesgarh Sahib", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Prime Minister of Canada Stephen Harper and his wife Laureen are on a goodwill visit to Punjab considering the large number of Punjabi voters back home. Touted to be a political visit, the couple will pay obeisance at Kesgarh Sahib in Anandpur Sahib, besides exploring the possibility of tying up with the Punjab government to promote food processing besides cultural ties.With estimated over 5 lakh Punjabi immigrants settled in Canada, compelling the government to make Punjabi as its second language, Harper is being accompanied by a strong contingent of 50 delegates, including two member parliament of Punjabi origin, Tim Uppal and Baljit Singh Gosal.The prime minister, who will arrive in the city around noon, will first meet the Punjab Governor Shivraj Patil at Raj Bhawan. He will be received by the chief minister of Punjab, Parkash Singh Badal who will accompany the prime minister to Anandpur Sahib. Harper and his wife will pay obeisance at the historic Gurdwara Kesgarh Sahib before visiting Virasat-e-Khalsa that depicts the history of Khalsa from birth through art and paintings.The prime minister, who will be received and accompanied by several cabinet ministers, along with the CM, is scheduled to head a business meeting that will explore possibility of promoting trade ties of Canada with Punjab, giving a boost to the food processing industry in Punjab. The meeting will showcase Punjab's potential as an investment hub with the government preparing a short powerpoint presentation highlighting areas of food, agriculture, industry and tourism in the state.Though no proposals have been mooted so far, the government is hoping that the PM will \"impromptu\" announce a twin city status to a city in Punjab with a city in Canada to bolster Punjabi ties. The PM and his wife, who have shown inclination towards Punjabi food, will be treated to a lavish Punjabi spread hosted by chief minister Parkash Singh Badal at Anandpur Sahib.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17122477", "title": "Four arrested for SUV theft", "text": "NEW DELHI: Four people who had allegedly stolen an SUV from Punjabi Bagh last week have been arrested.The members of the Parveen gang, who operated in Delhi, Haryana and Uttar Pradesh, have been identified as Sudhir alias Sarkari, Pardeep alias Goonga, Mandeep and Surender. They had also helped their gang leader, Parveen alias Sonu, following his escape from police custody in the Tis Hazari court complex in October this year, said West district police.On the intervening night of October 30-31, the accused had stolen the Parveen gang,from Club Road in west Punjabi Bagh after abducting the driver who was waiting in the car as his owners went inside a restaurant to have dinner. The SUV driver, Ram Sumer, was driven around the city and later dumped by the accused.In his complaint, Sumer said that around 11.45pm, four persons overpowered him and hijacked the car. He was thrown out of the SUV near Mundka and the robbers fled with the car.Sudhir told cops that they had come in contact with Sonu through Parveen Sehwag. Raids are being conducted in Nanital, Moradabad, Fatehabad and Sirsa to catch Sonu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17122895", "title": "Variety on the vegetarian platter in Paris", "text": "NEW DELHI: Looking for restaurants can be a nightmare for a vegetarian foodie, especially, if you are in the gourmet capital of the world \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Paris. Surprisingly, the French have much to offer. Food connoisseur and author Rashmi Uday Singh has listed over 500 restaurants in Paris that serve a variety of vegetarian fare. She launched her book 'A Vegetarian in Paris', published by Times Group Books, on Tuesday.It took Rashmi two years to research, and she was surprised to find that Paris was a paradise for vegetarians and vegans. \"I found pure vegetarian and vegan food stores, restaurants, cooking classes, fine dining places, and even bed and breakfast options. This means a lot, especially to Indians who are vegetarians and travel extensively. The guide is probably the first of its kind in the world for vegetarian options in Paris,\" said Rashmi.She gave credit to her chauffer, a Frenchman who drove her around Paris and took her to the most \"non-touristy\" eateries. \"I think the tourist places often create an illusion about the place. But in reality there is so much variety,\" she said.Rashmi also found that the vegetarian food was not necessarily cheap. \"People assume that vegetarian food is cheaper than meat. But the price depends on where you are eating. I found places where you can have a meal for 4 euros to 400 euros,\" explained Rashmi.Her book also lists rare French recipes like eggplant clafoutis, autumn mushrooms and vegetable tagliatelle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17123646", "title": "Temples turn hi-tech to please pilgrims", "text": "CHENNAI: Haggling with the pithoo (porter) atop Vaishno Devi in Jammu or running pillar to post in Shirdi to get a good accommodation will soon be history as big temples like Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanam, Saibaba Sansthan, Mata Vaishno Devi and Sabarimala are embracing technology to make the pilgrim's life easy.The Shri Saibaba Sansthan Trust, Shirdi, embarked on a major technology thrust some four years ago. \"The board of management of the Sansthan had a vision to implement complete IT systems for all activities,\" honorary chairman of the IT committee of Shirdi Sansthan, K V Ramani, said. Accordingly, 37 applications were identified that would cover systems for devotees (online booking, darshan and accommodation) and internal administration and management systems for the Sansthan.After a tender bid process, Cognizant was awarded the contract in May 2010 on a BOT (build, operate and transfer) basis for the 37 applications for a period of five years. Till date, 15 applications are under various stages of implementation with the devotee centric applications (darshan, booking and accommodation) going live in July last year. So far, two lakh people have booked online for darshan and an equal number have used the net for booking accommodation at Shirdi.\"Nearly 1,500 devotees use the online system every day. While this figure is still small compared to the number of visitors to the shrine (30,000-40,000 on weekdays), people are now able to plan their visit after seeing the availability online,\" sources said.A report by research firm Gartner India says that religion-driven IT will generate more than $40 billion in software and service opportunities by 2017. \"Religion has a great influence on high-growth regions such as Latin America , Africa , the Arab world and south Asia , thus compelling new entrants and incumbent IT providers to seek new opportunities with religious entities,\" Gartner's principal research analyst, Asheesh Raina, said. \"The number of people visiting religious places is growing and hence increasing the need for religious bodies to attain automation through IT to provide safe, secure and faster religious services,\" he added.Pilgrim centres attract huge number of devotees and by e-enabling their systems, boards and trusts of such big religious institutions hope to have better queue management and more importantly, keep touts in check. For instance, more than one crore people visisted the Vaishno Devi shrine in 2011, that is, roughly 28,000 people a day or more than 1,000 people every hour. In the case of Sabarimala, the system is largely to cater to darshan needs, developed by the cyber cell of Kerala Police.Apart from online booking for darshan, accommodation and donation, the sites also list out clear do's and don'ts, knowing pilgrims can be taken for for a ride by touts. Many of them even provide information that includes rates for ponies palkis and pithoos in Vaishno Devi to prices of food items around Sabarimala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17123373", "title": "Identify 5 temporary landfills, HC tells govt", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka high court on Tuesday pulled up the state government for not initiating any plan to tackle the mounting garbage problem in Bangalore.\"It's most unfortunate to be aware of the problem and not react. This is not governance. What is the government doing? Is it not obvious there's a need for a landfill? Is the government looking for a request from the BBMP? It is a matter of concern that the government has not looked into the problem. It is quite obvious that more sites are required to receive waste generated in the city,\" the bench observed.It asked the government to identify five more landfill sites in five directions around Bangalore within two weeks for temporary disposal of garbage till he BBMP makes alternative arrangements.The bench did not appreciate the fact that even a notification for fixing a realistic fine on those not segregating waste had not been issued. \"We expect a decision within two weeks from today,\" the bench observed.The bench also sought a status report on the state-owned Karnataka Compost Development Corporation (KCDC) in one week and directed its managing director to be present for the next hearing. The order was issued after a counsel for the petitioners said KCDC was not functioning. The court was informed that KCDC had to deal with about 1 lakh tonnes of accumulated waste.On MavallipuraThe bench asked the government to consult the Karnataka State Pollution Control Board and departments concerned on objections of local residents and the Indian Air Force (IAF) regarding Mavallipura landfill.The court was told the landfill was located 10 km from an IAF base as against the stipulated distance of 20 km. The bench was also informed that of the 130 acres, only 48 acres were being used in Mavallipura and the remaining area was sought to be diverted for real estate.Immediate stepsBBMP commissioner Rajneesh Goel told the court the civic body was working on a roadmap to solve the problem and it needed at least two months as it cannot execute it in ten days. \"You are talking about roadmaps. But there will be no roads left. What are the immediate steps for today or tomorrow? What is the solution?\" the bench observed.Goel conceded the civic body had no immediate solutions. He informed the court that the civic body will get government clearance for its proposals in a week's time.He agreed to look into a suggestion involving NGOs in garbage clearance, disposing of waste from bulk generators, particularly the 2,331 establishments (commercial category), who according to BBMP generate about 40% of waste.Complaint against mayorAdvocate GR Mohan, a petitioner in a PIL, complained that mayor D Venkatesh Murthy made derogatory allegations against lawyers in the case and sought court action. He said he has the CD of the TV interview. The bench asked him to place it before the court. The bench adjourned the hearing on a batch of PIL to November 20 while directing the secretary, urban development department, to appear in court that day.'Get your eyes checked'Rajneesh Goel, who has maintained there's no uncleared garbage in Bangalore, informed the court he has gone around the city and his zonal commissioners are on the move to ensure there was no uncleared garbage.\"Have you been to an optician lately? Go and get your eyes checked. Everybody sees it (garbage), only you don't see it,\" the chief justice said in a lighter vein.Hearing adjournedThe bench adjourned the hearing on a batch of petitions filed by previous contractors challenging the new tender proposals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17124609", "title": "Crime control drive launched in city outskirts", "text": "NASHIK: Against the backdrop of a large number of residential areas mushrooming on the outskirts of the city, Zone 1 of the Nashik police commissionerate has launched a drive on creating awareness on the modus operandi of criminals committing property offences.Regular meetings of residents in far flung localities on the outskirts of the city have been planned to educate citizens on thefts and robberies, one such being a meeting for Makhmalabad road residents to sensitize them about the do's and don'ts,when taking care of their life and property.Areas like Makhmalabad, Ramwadi, Hanuman Wadi and More Mala, which fall on the fringes of the city, are vulnerable to incidents of chain-snatching and house break-ins. Additionally, people of these areas often get robbed by conmen posing as cops. The awareness drive was launched taking into account these concerns, said assistant commissioner of police, Ganesh Shinde.\"New instances of burglary, robbing and cheating have been coming to the fore for which we want to keep residents abreast of the modus operandi that miscreants are using. Nowadays, people are being robbed by imposters posing as policemen. These conmen are accompanied with one or two more persons who act like the common citizens and show that they are obeying what the \"cops\" are telling them. Gullible locals fall into such traps and get robbed in the process,\" Shinde said.With Diwali being round the corner, people are also withdrawing cash from banks in large amounts, making them an easy target for criminals.Senior police officials said that purchases from jewellery stores have already shown an increase and will continue throughout the festive period.However, citizens continue to remain negligent about taking safety precautions while leaving from banks or jewellery shops. They have been asked to be extra cautious.Around 4,000 pamphlets were also distributed by the city police as part of the awareness campaign.Shinde added that in most cases, people assume that nothing could happen to them. Even elderly citizens are not very cautious and do not inform their family members if they have to withdraw cash from the bank. While people have been informed of how to defend themselves, they have also been urged to assist those calling for help as well. Senior police inspector Bajirao Bhosale of the Panchavati police station said the awareness drive was organized, to help citizens be vigilant about crime in their vicinity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "mumbai/london", "code": "17121443", "title": "BCCI turns down Sharmila plea on Pataudi Trophy", "text": "MUMBAI/LONDON: The BCCI has turned down actor and former India captain Mansoor Ali Khan Pataudi's wife Sharmila Tagore's request to name the upcoming India-England cricket series in honour of her late father-in-law Nawab Iftikhar Ali Khan of Pataudi, who had the unique distinction of appearing in Tests for both England and India.BCCI said it could not change the name of series played under the name of its first secretary since 1951.Four days after Sharmila wrote an email to BCCI president N Srinivasan expressing her displeasure over the board's reluctance to name the series after Pataudi, the board said the India-England series in India has always been played for the Anthony De Mello trophy instituted in 1951.\"India-England Test series in India is played for the Anthony De Mello trophy instituted in 1951 in the name of the first secretary of the BCCI, recognising his contribution to Indian cricket,\" BCCI secretary Sanjay Jagdale said in a statement.The Pataudi Trophy was commissioned by the Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) in 2007 to be presented to the winning captain at the end of future England-India Test series.It was conceived to celebrate the 75th anniversary of the first-ever India-England Test series that took place in 1932, but the BCCI did not give its official stamp of approval to the naming of the trophy.\"In 2007, when MCC proposed the institution of Pataudi Trophy for England-India series, the BCCI had clarified that the trophy is already named after Anthony De Mello,\" the statement added.BCCI's stand has baffled MCC.\"When MCC announced the commissioning of the trophy, the club was informed that another trophy was to be used for England tours to India.\"The 2007 and 2011 series on English soil were played for the Pataudi Trophy. However, the series in India in between in 2008 wasn't.Cricketing sources indicated the BCCI gave an assurance to the Pataudi family after Tiger Pataudi's death last year that the Pataudi Trophy would be adopted for home series against England, as well.This was in addition to an undertaking that an annual memorial lecture in the name of Tiger Pataudi - one of India most charismatic and successful captains - will be established.That promise has not been honoured.Anthony De Mello was one of the founders of the BCCI and developed the Cricket Club of India (CCI) together with the Brabourne Stadium in Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "asansol", "code": "17122850", "title": "One more held in gang-rape case", "text": "ASANSOL: Police on Monday arrested Mithilesh Ojha, the outsider accused in the gang rape of a polytechnic fresher, from Burja village in Bihar's Ara district.The arrest comes exactly a week after prime accused Samyo Mondal was rounded up at Dhanbad station. Ojha was produced in court on Tuesday and remanded in nine days of police custody. Subrata Ganguly, ADCP (west) of Asansol-Durgapur police commissionerate, said that sleuths traced Ojha to Bihar after tracking his mobile tower locations.\"Cops rushed to Ara last evening and also raided one of his relative's house, but could not find Ojha. The accused had been staying here ever since he fled Mihijam last month. Later, he was found hiding in a jungle adjoining the village,\" said Ganguly, adding that Ojha had taken shelter in the forest fearing police raid.Ojha, known to be close to some Trinamool Congress leaders, had gone into hiding after the victim lodged a formal complaint on October 11.Police said they will further interrogate him to trace the order of happenings on October 9 and will also correlate his version with that of the other accused. Ojha will also undergo a medical test at Asansol sub-divisional hospital on Wednesday.It may be recalled that the first-year student of Nazrul Centenary Polytechnic College was invited to the college union room on the pretext of a birthday party and allegedly gang-raped on October 9. While private security guard Bholu Yadav alias Bijoy was arrested soon after the alleged sexual assault, third-year student and another accused, Avik Ghosh, was arrested from Hooghly a few days later.Though five persons were named in the FIR, police have not found any grounds yet to arrest the victim's classmate Sovona Das. However, Ojha's arrest has come as a great relief to the victim's family.On Tuesday, district TMCP president Ashok Rudra thanked the Asansol-Durgapur police commissionerate for arresting all the accused and demanded exemplary punishment for them. He also promised support to the victim's family on behalf of his party. The arrest ahs come as a relief to the victim's family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17122117", "title": "Shivpal Yadav orders proceedings against executive engineer", "text": "LUCKNOW: State irrigation minister Shivpal Yadav has ordered departmental proceedings against an executive engineer for violating procedural norms in constructing a divergent canal on Ganga in Meerut district on Tuesday.Works done on the divergent channel on the said canal has came under the scanner of the state government, with the irrigation minister Shivpal Yadav ordering an inquiry into the works done on the canal during the BSP regime in 2009-10, an official statement said.According to the inquiry report, the engineer, US Lavania, got the canal constructed without inviting tenders and subsequently released over Rs 76 lakh for the project. This was in complete violation of the procedural rules where in competitive bidding is done.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17122524", "title": "Polls fail to excite Americans in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: While they will be tracking the outcome of the closely-contested US election, most expatriate Americans in Chennai say they aren't as excited about the polls as they were in 2008.\"The last election had a lot of action and excitement,\" says Shobha Rangarajan, a homemaker who lived in the US for 12 years and moved here six years ago. The former resident of California dropped off her absentee ballot at the US consulate 15 days ago but her husband decided against voting. \"Neither candidate is interesting. Last time, Democrat Barack Obama had more enthusiasm but he's been disappointing. Republican Mitt Romney doesn't seem to have a stand on any issue,\" she says.Four years ago, with the promise of Obama entering the White House, US citizens here hosted voting parties and fundraisers and got together to watch the results with barbeques and beers. This year, quite a few have not voted.\"My absentee ballot did not arrive in time, but I'm not too disappointed since I'm not happy with Obama,\" says engineer Uday Shankar, who moved to Chennai in 2007 after 15 years in the US.US citizens abroad have to register and request an absentee ballot by writing to the election office in the state to which they belong. They return their ballot to their election official by their state's deadline. In Chennai, they could drop it off at the consulate.A representative of the US consulate general, Chennai, says, \"Each state has different electoral laws, therefore there is no one answer as to when the ballots are due. Millions of Americans cast their ballots on November 6.\"While there are no official figures available about the number of US citizens in the city, estimates made by organisers of the 2008 events put the numbers between 4,000 and 6,000. US citizens in Chennai are a diverse group - diplomats, corporate executives, businesspeople, teachers, students and retired people. Some are here for a couple of years on work, others have moved back from the US.Musician Phil Maturano, who teaches at the Swarnabhoomi Academy of Music, says he hasn't voted for 10 years. \"I'm active online and follow all the campaigns but I know it's all about marketing. I am appalled by the situation in Afghanistan and Iraq and want real change,\" he says.Others are less critical and have cast their votes with enthusiasm. \"It's important to vote because this is a close election. There isn't much activity this time, but Obama has started a lot of work and I want him back to complete it. Elections are always exciting,\" says Jaya Tambay-Patwardhan, who moved to Chennai from California eight years ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17124301", "title": "Chhath Puja to be daunting task", "text": "VADODARA: Preparing the venue for the Chhath Puja that is attended by thousands on the Mahi riverbank near the city is proving to be a tough task this year.The earth on the banks was washed away due to heavy currents in the river this year.The puja has emerged as an event that is attended not only by persons from Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Odisha and Madhya Pradesh, but even by many others from the city. The organisers - Bihar Sanskritik Mandal and Hindi Vikas Manch - are expecting a crowd of over 15,000 this year on November 19.Truckloads of mud is now being laid there to prepare the venue and this will be followed by a layer of sand. Jitendra Rai, who is among the organisers, said that the venue would be around 500 metres long and 10 metre wide.Organizers said that they expected around 10,000 devotees would stay back on the night of November 19 and return after prayers at sunrise. A cultural programme and arrangements for the stay of these devotees along with food is also being arranged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "17125368", "title": "PCB confident players would be looked after in India", "text": "LAHORE: The security delegation it is planning to send notwithstanding, Pakistan Cricket Board chairman Zaka Ashraf is confident that the national team would be provided well looked after during their upcoming tour to India.Ashraf told reporters in Bahawalpur that the BCCI had assured them that Pakistan would be provided foolproof security while in India.\"We have full confidence in the arrangements that will be made by the hosts and we are sure our players will be able to focus on their cricket,\" he said.Pakistan is due to visit India from December 22 to play two Twenty20 internationals and three one-dayers and the PCB would be sending a security delegation ahead of the tour to coordinate arrangements for the team with the hosts.\"In the past also when Pakistan went to play in India they were well looked after and security for them was very good. So we are not bothered by statements coming from some groups in India about not allowing Pakistan to play the series,\" he added.He maintained that the forthcoming series that will revive the bilateral ties between the two countries after five years would be a successful one and lead to more contacts between the two teams.Ashraf also made it clear that the PCB was committed to inviting teams to tour Pakistan to revive international cricket in the country.\"...we are hopeful international cricket will return soon to Pakistan. It is a matter of time and we are preparing for that time,\" he said.The Bangladesh Cricket Board has said it is committed to sending its team to Pakistan but this would be subject to security clearance from the government.Bangladesh were to tour Pakistan in late April but the tour didn't materialise after the Dhaka High Court, in response to a petition, passed an interim order restraining the team from playing in Pakistan due to security concerns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "karachi", "code": "17125530", "title": "Inzamam-ul-Haq happy with resumption of Indo-Pak cricket", "text": "KARACHI: Former Pakistan captain Inzamam-ul-Haq has welcomed the resumption of bilateral cricket ties with India and called on the arch-rivals to reciprocate soon.\"I am really happy that this positive development has taken place because it is important that Pakistan and India play bilateral series against each other on a regular basis,\" he said.Inzamam, who played 120 Tests and 378 one-dayers before retiring in 2007, said he had always given a lot of importance to matches against India.\"There is always great significance playing against India and it is always special and a treat for people in both countries.\"It is good we will soon resume bilateral ties and for this I think the Pakistan Cricket Board deserves a lot of credit for making this happen,\" Inzamam said.The former captain also felt Indo-Pak matches deserve to be given special status.\"I would love to see a full Test series between the two countries soon and given iconic status. We need to dedicate a trophy in the name of two iconic cricketers of both countries so that there is more interest generated among the people,\" he said.\"Sadly there have been frequent breaks in bilateral series between the two countries but I hope that this time this will last and I would urge India to also tour Pakistan and play a full Test series,\" Inzamam said.Inzamam said some of the best memories of his long career were of matches against India.\"The 2005 Test tour to India was special as I captained and we won at Bangalore and it was a great tour for us and even winning against India at Lahore in 2004 was a memorable day for me. Tests with India always produce some great finishes,\" he noted.Inzamam said the resumption of bilateral ties would help foster better relations between the two countries.He also welcomed the PCB's move to organise the Pakistan Premier League and hoped that cricketers from other countries like Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, South Africa would come to play in the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17122388", "title": "'Apathetic' babus give CM the blushes", "text": "MUMBAI: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan had to face an embarrassing situation on Monday over the report on the Rs 500-crore scam in the supply of food for poor children and pregnant women due to the apathetic attitude of high-ranking bureaucrats in the women and child welfare department and Pune-based commissionerate for women and children.On November 5, Chavan was expected to make a statement on the report as it was observed that the Rs 500-crore contract was hijacked by three to five families in blatant violation of Supreme Court guidelines. But scribes were stunned when Chavan said his government was yet to receive a copy of the report and that whatever appeared in the media was a \"leaked report\".It was later confirmed that a copy of the findings was handed over to the state's counsel and joint commissioner S S Mankar on November 2. Also, the report, which was submitted to the Supreme Court on October 31, is available on the apex court's website. \"Chavan had to face an embarrassing situation owing to the casual approach of the bureaucrats. in the women and child welfare department and commissionerate for women and children.It appears no efforts were made to secure the crucial report despite the fact that it was published in the Times of India,\" a senior bureaucrat said.\"Chavan had held a meeting with women and family welfare minister Varsha Gaikwad, CM's secretary Ashish Kumar Singh and principal secretary Ujjwal Uke on the the food scam on Monday and was specifically told that the report had been leaked and that the state government was yet to receive a copy. On the basis of the briefing, Chavan made the statementand had to cut a sorry face,\" he said.On November 2, TOI contacted women and child welfare Uke, women and children welfare commissioner Rajendra Chavan and joint commissioner S S Mankar for their comments on the report. While Uke was in the dark about the contents of the report and promised to take action against erring contractors, Chavan was not even aware of the litigation before the apex court. Mankar, who was present in the court, was not well-versed with the case and said the matter has been adjourned to November 23.\"It was appears that between October 31, the day the report was submitted to the apex court, and November 5, bureaucrats made absolutely no efforts to secure the report. As a result, Chavan had to face an embarrassing situation,'' the bureaucrat said.Late on Monday when TOI informed Chavan that an official copy of the report was received by a state government official on November 2, he was gracious enough to accept the goof-up by his bureaucrats. \"The It's a fact that the state had received a n official copy of the report on November 2. I was given wrong information and am personally looking into the goof-up,\" the CM said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17124023", "title": "Should the Calangute-Candolim beach stretch be made hawker-free?", "text": "The issue of clearing the beach stretch is a vicious cycle. While it would be convenient to have a clear beach stretch, an alternative arrangement needs to be put in place. We cannot deprive people of their livelihood. Some provisions need to be made. Space can be provided for them along the road leading to the beach. Clearing hawkers would be following a lopsided way of looking at tourism. It is not only for the rich. It should be ensured that livelihoods are not affected while keeping the beach clean. Restricting the movement of hawkers on the beach will only pave the way for more corruption. Their activities need to be regulated it in a manner where the tourists enjoy the space and the hawkers can sell their wares.Vailarose Fernandes Lecturer, CandolimI do not think it should be made hawker-free. Many tourists come to Goa on a budget and buy souvenirs of the state or small knickknacks from hawkers. It is part of their holiday experience. But the hawkers can be a menace, as it is true that they harass tourists. A certain level of policing is required, as drug trafficking and other illegal activities need to be kept in check.Alvita D'Souza Calangute, teacherThis step should have been taken a long time ago. Hawkers always hound tourists that visit our beaches. They trouble them like flies and force them to buy their wares. If a no-hawking zone is to be implemented it should be done properly, otherwise it will lead to corrupt cops collecting more bribes.Prithvi Amonkar Director, Wildtrek Adventures, MapusaThe Candolim-Calangute stretch is lovely. But hawkers in this area cause a nuisance to tourists and others who prefer to be left alone. I am certain that tourists will visit shops to buy anything they need. hawkers should be banned and peace should be restored to our beaches.Melanie Fernandes Service, Baga", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "mulug", "code": "17121555", "title": "Money circulation racket busted, 2 held", "text": "MULUG: A money circulation racket run by a group of pastors was busted by the police here on Tuesday and Rs 20 lakh was seized from them. Mulug ASP S Sentel Kumar said in the name of Little Lab Baptist Church Ministries, the accused collected Rs 10,500 from each person in Mulug and Narsampet sub-divisions. In all, 197 people deposited money. They were promised huge returnsand several gullible persons invested. When the people asked for their deposits, the gang members feigned ignorance. Based on the complaint of the depositors, police launched an enquiry. K Anil Kumar from Prakasam and Paul, a trustee from Kavali in Nellore district, were taken into the custody and Rs 20 lakh cash recovered from them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17123281", "title": "NGO spreads awareness against pollution", "text": "LUDHIANA: Seeking to reduce air pollution, especially during Diwali, an NGO organized an awareness drive in Saleem Tabri.Inderbir Singh Makkar, coordinator of the NGO, Public Welfare Organization said, There is a lot of pollution in the air on Diwali, and it spoils the environment. With a view to reduce that pollution, our NGO organized an awareness programme at Saleem Tabri. This was the first event of our go green drive and soon well cover the whole city. We are spreading the word about doing away with crackers, planting more and more trees and avoiding deforestation.He added that the members of the NGO also planted saplings in the area.Those who participated in the awareness-cum-plantation drive included Ishan Sharma of Civil Lines, Livjot Sandhu and Jugaadh Gill, both of Model Gram, Bhave Jain of Sarabha Nagar and Sourabh Mittal of Model Town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17121737", "title": "Hizbul threat in J&K; casts shadow on fight against Maoists", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hizbul Mujahideen chief Syed Salahuddin has unwittingly become an obstacle in India's fight against left wing extremism. Salahuddin's threat of more attacks on sarpanches and panches in Jammu and Kashmir has delayed fresh deployment of as many as 6,000 troops for anti-Naxal operations in Maoist-hit areas across the country.The home ministry had asked the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) to deploy 10,000 additional troops in Naxal-hit areas for an intensified operation in the coming months. These troops, to be deployed before March next year, were to come from a mix of fresh recruits and those deployed in the Valley, given that the government has already embarked on a process of de-escalation of forces in the state.However, with continued threat over panches in the Valley, the government is in no mood to pull out troops from J&K; any time soon. In fact, with over 800 panches having announced their resignation, a jittery Centre has increased CRPF strength in the Valley, sending 7,000 more men to add to the 68,000 already deployed there.The development has left CRPF scrounging for troops as it has only 4,000 fresh recruits ready for deployment in Naxal-hit areas. Presently, CRPF has 75,000 personnel in the red corridor.\"This is the right and peak season for operations. If additional forces have to be deployed, it has to be done before March next year for any fruitful result. Once peak summer and rains set in, it becomes difficult to conduct operations in the jungles,\" a CRPF official said.Sources in the security establishment said the situation in the Valley was such that quick withdrawal of troops was not possible. CRPF is now in a fix where to withdraw troops from. \"No troubled state, such as those in the northeast, will be willing to let go off the present deployments. We have to work out a way to cobble up the numbers. These troops will then have to be specially trained before deployment in Maoist-hit areas. So there isn't too much time. If we miss the deadline, we will have to look at next year,\" the official said.Impending elections in Gujarat, which have consumed a sizeable strength from the force, have further complicated the equation. Sources said things, perhaps, would be clear only by December when the elections are over.In an interview to a news magazine, Salahuddin had recently said there would be more attacks on panches in the Valley and that militancy had not died. In September, militants had gunned down a sarpanch in the Valley, issuing a diktat that no panches should continue in office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17123893", "title": "Indore boy creates world record of doing 7,044 sit-ups in 5 minutes", "text": "INDORE: After clearing one of the toughest physical tests, a city lad is about to register his name on international platform. Challenging the existing world record of doing 7,000 sit-ups in six hours with unbent legs, 19-year-old, Anurag Jha presented his claim before Golden Book of World Record for doing 7,044 sit-ups in five hours and three minutes.The organizer of the event, Manish Vishnoi said that Jha had targeted to do 8,000 sit-ups with unbent legs but due to certain health relatedissues, Anurag could manage only 7,044 sit-ups and presented his claim for the world record. Prior to attempting the test, a narco test was conducted on Jha by a team of doctors and was subsequently given permission to accept the challenge. for accepting the challenge in afternoon.\"We have sent the recordings of the challengefor approval to the Golden Book of World Records, India Book of Records and Limca Book of Records,\" said Vishnoi. He adding that we are doing the activity for establishing the name of city on international platformFrom November 1- 11, a 11-day series of different world records, is being held in the city, The city is holding a 11-day series of different world records,wherein several participants are trying to create a bench mark for themselves by registering a world record. and claiming them in various books that register such records.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17122944", "title": "IM Diptayan wants to be GM soon", "text": "KOLKATA: Grandmasters of the chequered board are getting younger day by day all over the world and city boy Diptayan Ghosh is right on the money. At 14, he is already the state's youngest International Master. He achieved his third and final norm at the Vizag Grandmasters International Open Chess Championship last week. The teenager is now aiming higher.\"I was looking for my second norm at last month's National Premier meet in Kolkata itself. But I played badly there. I am happy to have finally sealed the IM title,\" an elated Diptayan, a Class IX student of South Point High School, told TOI. He finished sixth in the Vizag meet.Diptayan, who won his second norm at the Nagpur GMs meet that followed the Kolkata event in October, finished eighth there. His first IM norm had come about at the Parsvnath International Open Chess Tournament in January this year.The youngster expressed his gratitude to his new coach GM Ziaur Rahman of Bangladesh, whose tips have helped him to improve his game enormously. \"I am taking on-line lessons from Ziaur sir now. It was a great help because he also played in the Nagpur and Vizag meets,\" said Diptayan, who was relieved not have been drawn to play against his guru.The former World Youth Chess champion, however, is not prepared to rest on his laurels. \"I would like to be a Grandmaster as quickly a possible,\" he said.The youngster is currently trying to balance his studies with chess. \"I have to write my Class X Board examinations in a year's time, and it is unlikely that I would be able to take part in too many tournaments over the next year or two. But I will pushing myself in a bid to reach my goal ,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17122038", "title": "Hazare, Kejriwal slam govt's 'repression', Patkar's arrest", "text": "NEW DELHI: Activist Anna Hazare and his former colleague Arvind Kejriwal appeared to be on the same page in their protest against fellow activist Medha Patkar's arrest. While Hazare, who was in Delhi for a day, sat in protest outside Madhya Pradesh Bhawan, India Against Corruption (IAC) expressed solidarity at the incidents of \"repression\" of the people's movement.At the protest outside MP Bhawan, Hazare alleged that Patkar's detention signalled the murder of democracy. \"Government is privatizing public wealth. Whoever objects to it is harassed. Constitution is being bypassed. If Patkar is not released, we will launch an agitation,\" he said.IAC too expressed deep concern about the \"recent incidents of repression against people's movements across the country\". The group alleged that while scams were not investigated and corrupt politicians and officials were allowed to go scot-free, police and administration were overzealous in prosecuting those who raised people's voice.Patkar was arrested on November 4 in Madhya Pradesh's Chhindwara district along with some of her supporters where she was leading a Kisan Sangharsh Samiti (KSS) protest against the eviction of farmers from their land for upcoming power projects in the Pench region of the district.IAC mentioned protests in Jharkhand and Maharashtra where activists had been arrested. In Jharkhand, the police re-arrested Dayamani Barla, a leading adivasi activist, as soon as she was released on bail. She has been involved in a popular protest against forcible acquisition of land near Ranchi involving police firing against the protesters.In Maharashtra, activists Suniti S R, Maruti Bhapkar, Prasad and 70 others have been arrested for leading the protest of Lavasa, Tata and Wang dam affected people. They have been sent to Yervada jail without being informed of the charges.The activists also expressed concern on the decision of an MP district court to award life imprisonment to another activist Dr Sunilam. The case pertains to police firing against farmers demanding compensation for damaged crops in 1998 under the leadership of Dr Sunilam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17124235", "title": "Margao Municipal Council seizes goods blocking mkt passages", "text": "MARGAO: The Margao Municipal Council (MMC) in a late evening anti-encroachment drive conducted by its market inspectors on Tuesday, seized goods worth lakhs of rupees which were stacked in passages by traders encroaching on public pathways.MMC chief officer Srinet Kothwale, chairperson Arthur D'Silva, vice-chairperson and head of the standing committee on markets Pratima Coutinho personally supervised the drive.Tense moments were witnessed for some time during the drive, as agitated traders engaged in a verbal duel with the MMC team.Speaking to mediapersons, Coutinho said that encroachments on public passages constituted a violation of high court guidelines and that the drive was long overdue.\"The passages were almost blocked by the traders with their goods, inconveniencing public. The festival season is here, and therefore it is essential that people are able to make their purchases without being troubled by the encroachments,\" Coutinho said.Kothwale, while speaking to TOI last week, had indicated that stern action would be taken against encroachments by traders, including auctioning the seized goods.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17123720", "title": "Water bill defaulters face disconnection", "text": "HUBLI: The water board on Tuesday launched a drive to create awareness among citizens to pay their water bills promptly without any delay.The board is also roping in the service of Rural Urban Development Association to convince the people to pay their water bills without delay. The main aim of the drive is to send a message to the people to clear their pending water bills by December to avoid disconnection of water tap to their residence.As part of the drive, awareness camps will be held in wards and pamphlets will be distributed for 15 days.\"If the people fail to clear their bills even after our appeals, we will disconnect the water supply,'' said Jayaram, executive engineer of the board.\"We have also introduced installment system for the benefit of the people. They can also clear their pending bills in installments till December,'' he added. Mayor Pandurang Patil launched the drive. He also visited a few houses in Asar Oni along with water board officials, to convince the people to pay their water bills to avoid disconnection of the water supply. Commissioner Y S Patil and water board EE Jayaram were also present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17122650", "title": "Nine blasts to pull down 4 college hostel buildings", "text": "JAIPUR: Four hostel buildings in NIMS campus constructed illegally on government land will be pulled down in nine separate blasts using planned controlled demolition. The technique will be used for the second time in the city for demolishing a G+2 building. According to the blast experts, \"The height of the building is less and width and length is more. The building will be isolated and will be pulled down through nine separate blasts.\" He added, \"We have to be cautious as the administrative block is adjoining the buildings.\"According to the sources, the university deadline to demolish the four-storey illegal building will be completed on Wednesday. Officials claimed the owner of the university has encroached upon 8,125 sqm of land. S B Sarvate, a member of the explosives expert team from Indore has been appointed by the JDA for controlled blasts.The blast experts will make holes and fit electronic detonators in the building. Experts claimed, \"Three hostel buildings will be separated in six parts. One building will be separated in three parts. as the area of the building is bigger than others as compare to previous one so many detonators will not be fixed and nine blast will be made\"In its recent decision, the JDA tribunal court had ordered NIMS to demolish the building by November 1. If this was not done then the authority would demolish the building. The college administration approached Rajasthan High Court against the order but did no get any relief.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17122526", "title": "Students hold event on sexual abuse", "text": "CHENNAI: Students of a city school are taking up a campaign to create awareness about child sexual abuse. A group of Class 11 students from Bhavan's Rajaji Vidyashram have invited students of other schools to discuss child sexual abuse.The students, who are taking up the effort as part of the school's Young Indians Society, believe that the issue has been swept under the carpet for too long. \"Every child should learn to protect himself or herself, because he or she is the one who gets hurt,\" said Class 11 student Chahat Malhotra. We want to spread the message that students should not be quiet about sexual abuse, said Shravanthi Woodayagiri.The students conducted poster making competitions for around 200 participants. Students of Classes 9, 10 and 11 took part in the event. Students tried to put out the message of 'being safe' through a song and dance event. The students also brought out a 'Say No To Sexual Abuse' symbol on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "17123164", "title": "Acute drinking water shortage in Kumarakom", "text": "KOTTAYAM: Kumarakom is reeling under severe shortage of drinking water despite it being one of the top tourist destinations in the country. The problem isn't new; it has been a cause of worry for the locals and the hoteliers here for over three years now.Though several protests have been lodged, the government doesn't seem to have taken it seriously.People here have now decided to intensify the protest, and as part of that they will stage an agitation in front of the state secretariat in Thiruvananthapuram on November 21, a day the cabinet is scheduled to meet.\"If our demands are not met, one among us will start an indefinite hunger strike at the Kumarakom market junction from December 1,\" said Shane Joseph , president, Friends of Kumarakom, an organization spearheading the protest.The water supply to Kumarakom stopped three years ago after the pipes from Chengalam to Kumarakom were damaged during road construction.Though, a temporary pipeline was laid to a tank in Attippeedika, it was of benefit only to people in that locality.\"A majority of the people as well as the resorts here now buy drinking water. Those who can't afford to do that depend on the water supplied by the panchayat, but that is not very regular,\" said Joseph.Dhanya Sabu, the Kumarakom panchayat president, blamed the water authority (KWA) for not maintaining the supply system. She also said the panchayat was struggling to meet the expenses for supplying drinking water.\"We have an annual budget of Rs 25 lakh for supplying drinking water through trucks and boats. Last year we had to spend an excess amount of Rs 12 lakh, and the government helped us out. This year we have had to spend Rs 18 lakh in excess, and we have requested the government to bail us out,\" she said.She also said it was difficult to supply water during the rainy season. KWA officials, meanwhile, said a project for supplying 10 mld of water to the region was underway. Of this, 7 mld will be for Kumarakom and the rest for Thiruvarppu.Water will be pumped from the Meenachil River at Velloopparambu where there is a well.Pipes have been laid from Velloopparambu to Chengalam, where a treatment plant is being constructed.This plant will be commissioned by February, a KWA official said.However, the crucial part of the project will be the completion of the water tanks in Market Junction and Pallickal in Kumarakom. These tanks will have a capacity of 10 lakh litres each.\"The work of these tanks has been tendered and is awaiting clearance. It has to be completed in 12 months,\" he said. The work for laying pipes from Chengalam treatment plant to Kumarakom has also been tendered.\"Even if the construction of the tank is not over in time, once this pipeline is laid, water can be supplied till Kumarakom after February, the KWA official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17122864", "title": "Remembering Zafar, the last Mughal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Exiled by the British to Rangoon for fighting for his land, Bahadur Shah II died lamenting the fact that he could not be buried in his own country. Today, 150 years after the last Mughal died in the country of his exile, his last wish remains unfulfilled.Zafar Mahal, a Mughal monument that stands in present-day Mehrauli, holds the tombs of the predecessors of Bahadur Shah II, more widely known with his pen name appended to his given name - Bahadur Shah Zafar. It was here, that Bahadur Shah Zafar marked a spot for himself, wishing to be buried there. But that was not to be. \"Kitna hai badnaseeb Zafar dafn ke liye/ Do gaz zameen bhi na mili koo-e-yaar mein\" (How unlucky is Zafar, to not even find two yards to be buried in the land of his beloved) - is how he concluded the ghazal he wrote as a British captive in what is now Myanmar .It is said that when Subhash Chandra Bose launched his INA campaign from Rangoon (now Yangon), he invoked Bahadur Shah Zafar. His grave in Yangon is frequently visited by Indian dignitaries.However, his descendants today live in obscurity, with some even struggling to make ends meet. Columnist Firoz Bakht Ahmed met Bahadur Shah Zafar's granddaughter-in-law Sultana Begum in 1988 living in what he calls \"a dingy tenement\" in Kolkata's Howrah area. The 60-year-old runs a tea stall. Speaking to TOI over phone, Sultana appeared bitter and even furious about the government's failure to have the remains of the last Mughal brought back to India. She cited the example of Udham Singh, who assassinated the Lieutenant Governor of undivided Punjab, and was hanged in 1940. Singh's remains were brought back to India from England in 1974.\"Indira Gandhi was alive then. She welcomed this move. Was Bahadur Shah Zafar a traitor that the government has done nothing to bring his remains back?\" she asks, her voice quavering. Her current living conditions notwithstanding, she is concerned about keeping the dignity of the Mughals intact. \"If I am called to any event, I cannot go without verifying who the people are. I don't care how rich or influential they may be. I am concerned about the esteem of Bahadur Shah Zafar,\" she says.Bakht Ahmed, while congratulating the efforts of the government for acknowledging Bahadur Shah Zafar's contribution in the cultural space, says the Mughal emperor's descendants deserve better. \"They lead a piecemeal life. The government should protect the family of those who fought for India's freedom,\" he says.In May 1857, soldiers from Meerut marched into the Red Fort. They appealed to Bahadur Shah Zafar, who became the Mughal emperor in 1837, to lead their rebellion against the British. Opinion is divided on how readily he agreed to the soldiers' demands. But he was declared Shahenshah-e-Hind, following which a bloody war for control began. The rebellion was soon quelled and contained. In September of the same year, the Mughal emperor, then 82, was taken prisoner and was subjected to what is often viewed as an unfair trial. After being exiled to Burma, then a newly acquired colony of the British, his health worsened towards a slow and certain death on November 7, 1862.One can't be entirely blamed for the historical date. Assuming that there have been efforts to revive his memory, there has been very little visibility of the same, at least in the capital.Six volunteer organizations working in the field of communal harmony have planned a march in the evening from the Red Fort to Khooni Darwaza in old Delhi, in remembrance of the ruler. \"People like Bahadur Shah Zafar who could bind religious communities together need to be more prominent in public consciousness,\" says Faisal Khan, one of the organizers of the march.There is a cultural event lined up too. After all, it was under the poet emperor that the Delhi saw the rise of iconic literary figures like Ghalib, Zauq and Momin. A play featuring noted theatre actor Tom Alter as the late emperor is in the offing near the Red Fort. Besides this, there is little buzz around the anniversary. \"He has been written out of historical records, he is 'nobody's hero'. He was a remarkably athletic man. Few 82 year olds can jump over barricades and lead a movement like he did,\" says William Dalrymple, author of 'The Last Mughal'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17124031", "title": "Cops held for extortion", "text": "AHMEDABAD: What started off as a robbery case by suspected fake police, ended up with real policemen found involved in abduction and coercion. A team of Kalupur police arrested five policemen including three Home Guards jawans for robbery of Rs 25,000 cash and two iPhones worth Rs 30,000.According to Kalupur police, Vikas Chaudhary, a resident of Padmasheel Society, Bapunagar, works at a mobile store in Himalaya Mall in Vastrapur. Chaudhary got a call from a friend Hardik on October 29 that he had got some high-end phones that could be sold. Vikas then went to a Havmor parlour on Relief Road at 6.30 pm after which he accompanied Hardik to the shop of the latter's relative and got two iPhones.\"When they got out, two persons identified themselves as policemen from city crime branch and asked for the bill. The duo said as they were getting the phone on trial basis, they didn't have one. They were then taken to an alley where four other persons were waiting. They were beaten and forcibly taken to Astodia in an auto. The group then told the duo to settle the matter or prepare to get arrested,\" said a Kalupur police official. One of them then took Vikas to an ATM opposite VS Hospital and forced him to withdraw Rs 25,000. The group then left the duo near the hospital after getting the phones and the cash.Vikas told his uncle, a policeman, about the incident after which he took the duo to the Kalupur police station. Police officials got CCTV footage and checked two calls made to Vikas' number by one of the persons. N V Gamit, inspector of Kalupur police station, told TOI that the evidence pointed towards involvement of a police constable.\"We soon connected the dots and rounded up Naresh Patni and Dharmendrasinh Zala, constables with Karanj police station, Upendrasinh Chudasama with Vejalpur police station along with Vishal Goswami, a resident of Thakkarnagar and Manish Goswami, a resident of Naroda, both Home Guards jawans. We also got the name of Naresh Rana, a resident of Thakkarnagar and a police informer,\" said Gamit.Investigators said the constables got in touch during court duties and bonded over their partiality to a lavish life. \"They will be questioned to know if they were involved in previous incidents,\" said Gamit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17121967", "title": "Bhupathi, Bopanna pair falls short in opener", "text": "LONDON: The world number five pairing of Mahesh Bhupathi and Rohan Bopanna came up short by the smallest of margins.The Bangaloreans had two chances to close out their opener, but Wimbledon champions Jonathan Marray and Frederik Nielsen responded to the situation better, converting their first match point to come through the Group B clash of the Barclays ATP World Tour Finals 6-4, 6-7 (1-7), 12-10, winning in 1 hour and 37-minutes.The Indians, the last pair into the season-ending finale, who came into the tournament on the back of a Masters 1000 triumph in Paris, surprisingly struggled with nerve.\"In the end we just couldn't get the job done,\" said a furious Bhupathi, \"But we tried our best, we fought hard and competed well. They came up with the shots when they had to. It was a tough result.\"\"We arrived from Paris on Sunday night, we practiced just once on the main court. And today we took a set-and-a-half to get into stride,\" Bopanna said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17124335", "title": "Bomb attack toll rises to 6, bandh today", "text": "MADURAI: The death toll in the petrol bomb attack rose to six after three more injured died at a private hospital in Madurai on Tuesday. While three people succumbed to injuries on Saturday and Sunday, two more died on Monday night and one person on Tuesday morning.The victims, hailing from Madurai district were returning home after attending the Thevar guru pooja in Pasumpon in Ramanathapuram district on October 30, when the attack took place.The federation of Thevar outfits including the All India Forward Bloc , Thevar Desiya Peravai and Thevar Pathukappu Peravai have called for a bandh on Wednesday in Madurai and the southern districts to condemn the attack that killed six people, as well as the murder of three people on October 30 during the Thevar jayanthi celebrations..", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17123891", "title": "Vice-chancellors, professors ponder over university system in India", "text": "MYSORE: When former HRD minister Kapil Sibal wanted to introduce a common entrance test for admission to central universities across India, many of the varsities didn't approve it. The Union government could not take it forward and the proposal fell through. \"Such rigidity is affecting higher education sector in India, and we are not able to produce quality graduates,\" a former VC, who didn't wish to be named, said in response to Union minister of state for HRD Shashi Tharoor's take on the university system. \"We are fixated on extending the educational reach, rather than on improving the quality of education,\" he told TOI.Karnataka State Open University VC K S Rangappa is more vocal. \"Political and bureaucratic interferences are affecting the performance of varsities, leading to a decline in the quality of education. Factors like caste and community have crept in the system, and there is hardly any scope for meritocracy and efficiency,\" the chemistry professor said, adding the lack of academic assessment is affecting performance.\"That being the case, how can universities focus on quality of education? How can Indian universities be expected to grow and excel?\"K C Belliappa, former vice-chancellor of Rajiv Gandhi University, a central university based in Arunachal Pradesh, said he partly agrees with the minister's contention. But he argued that foreign universities setting shop in India is not the answer. The English professor said: \"The problem lies with the system, and not with the students who are talented. We've not been able to tap their potential, given the lacunae in the education system which is suffering largely due to lack of reforms.\"Having worked with the student community in the science sector and led the University of Mysore's Centre for Development of Science in Schools, former VC P Venkataramaiah is witness to students' prospects.\"It is unfair to Indian education system to tell that we are not producing quality graduates. It is rather a sweeping generalization,\" the former VC of Kuvempu University said. Speaking on brain drain, he said: \"That we've a talented lot which is going abroad to work proves that we are generating quality graduates. Alumni from IITs and IIMs are holding top positions in the US. There is crisis in higher education sector, and efforts are being made to attend to them,\" he explained.University of Mysore VC V G Talawar too agrees. \"We are lagging behind in some areas like applied and basic sciences. But when we factor in the rate of growth and its reach, Indian universities are doing better.\" He picked infrastructure and investment as the two factors that hold key to success. During the 11th Plan, the UGC has given special focus to infrastructure, which is showing results. There is 30% increase in enrolment, and bulk of it is coming from rural side. There is also a sizable number of girls who are getting into higher education stream, he said, adding that part of the problem was parents' love for professional courses, which is now changing. \"There is course correction on their part, and we are netting talents in basic sciences too,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17124160", "title": "IOA Elections: Families rule Indian sports", "text": "BANGALORE: The elections to the Indian Olympic Association (IOA) are turning out to be family soap opera. A look at the electoral college shows how several families have used various sports as their personal fiefdoms. It also reveals that some of the big names which courted controversies recently are still very much in control.Lalit Bhanot, the former big boss in athletics, who is being tried in cases relating to the Delhi Commonwealth Games , will attend the annual general body meeting on November 25 representing the Delhi Olympic Association.Bhanot, who is likely to contest for the post of secretary-general, will be joined by Abhay Singh Chautala with the Indian Amateur Boxing Federation (IABF) forwarding his name as one of the three voters from the federation.IABF has also named Chautala's brother-in-law Abhishek Matoria, who was controversially elected as the president, despite not being eligible to attend the meeting. Chautala can also expect the support of his brother Ajay who will cast his vote as the representative of the Table Tennis Federation of India.The electoral rolls, released for the first time after the 1996 elections held in Bangalore, also expose the tradition of families ruling Indian sports.Secretary-general and a candidate for the president's post, Randhir Singh , can expect support from the National Rifle Association of India led by Raninder Singh, who is his nephew. The same applies to Bowling Federation of India headed by Randhir's daughter Sunaina Kumari. Randhir also has a vote as the member of the International Olympic Committee ( IOC ).Among those from other families who will be part of the elections and attract attention in the list, officially released on Tuesday by IOA acting president VK Malhotra, are SS Dhindsa (Punjab Olympic Association) and his son Parminder Singh Dhindsa (Cycling Federation of India), CP Singh Deo and his wife Raj Laxmi (rowing), the Nanavati brothers Kamlesh and Virender (swimming) and Rajeev Mehta (kho-kho) and wife Deepa Mehta (luge). There may be more such instances in this list and it appears that the fate of the candidates, which will be known soon, will depend on the favourites of these families.That the prospective candidates have left no stone unturned in ensuring victory in the elections was evident from the nominees of Athletics Federation of India which excluded its president Adille Sumariwalla. AFI, in turn, nominated ML Jadam, who doesn't hold any post, along with CK Valson (secretary) and Sushil Salwan (vice-president).Meanwhile, Union sports secretary PK Deb told TOI that the ministry will write to IOA and the returning officer about Abhay Singh Chautala.\"We will bring to their notice that the post of chairman doesn't exist in IABF. Whether he can vote or contest is for the returning officer to decide,\" Deb said.HI gets IOA nodWith the administrators of hockey vertically split, the IOA on Tuesday went with Hockey India, giving voting rights to its nominees - Mariamma Koshy, Narinder Batra and Sudharshan Pathak. It also allowed the Indian Hockey Federation nominees - V Dinesh Reddy, Jatinder Peter and RK Shetty - to attend the meeting. \"As per the Delhi High Court order dated October 16 you will be permitted to participate in the meeting but will not be entitled to vote as per the IOA constitution,\" acting president Vijay Kumar Malhotra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17121748", "title": "Hospital booked after boy\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s death", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Cyberabad police on Tuesday booked a medical negligence case against the staff and management of Shadan Hospital following the death of a six-year-old boy.Junaid Khan, 6, son of Zabi Khan from Tandur village in Adilabad district, was admitted to Shadan Hospital near Hayatnagar on October 22 with urinary tract-related complications. Police said that the boy died while the doctors were preparing to perform a surgery on him to correct the problem on Tuesday morning.\"The surgery was scheduled to be performed at 10 am and, two hours prior to that, a staff nurse gave three injections to the boy. According to the family members, the boy died immediately after he was administered the injections,\" Narsingi sub-inspector (SI) Mohammed Hafeezuddin said.Following the death of the boy, his family members staged a dharna at the hospital demanding the arrest of the doctors responsible for the alleged negligence. Police rushed to the spot and sent the body of the boy to the Osmania General Hospital for a post-mortem.Based on the complaint lodged by Zabi Khan, the Narsingi police booked cases against Shadan Hospital management, Dr Srinivas, Dr Chandramala and staff nurse Rajita under section 304-A (Causing death due to rash or negligent act) of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17123045", "title": "Party thieves walk off with 'shagun' bag", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A juvenile robbers' gang struck yet another marriage function at Kisan Bhawan, Sector 35, and escaped with a bag containing about Rs 3 lakh and gold jewellery on Monday night.Besides \"shagun\" envelopes, the bag had two necklaces, a pair of earrings, a chain, a ring and a mobile set. The video recording of the wedding reception has captured a juvenile girl, who sneaked towards a table that had the bag as revellers jived on an adjoining dance floor. She then escaped with the bag that belonged to Surjit Singh of Nawashahr, who is the father of the bride. The well-dressed girl was accompanied by a youth, who wore a red shirt and a pair of grey jeans. In his complaint to police, Surjit said, \"The marriage was solemnized on November 4 in Nawashahr. On Monday night, reception was organized in Sector 35. The bag was with my wife. After sometime, she left it on the table as three women were sitting there. But when she returned, she found it missing.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "ujjain", "code": "17123896", "title": "Guard held for theft in train", "text": "UJJAIN: Three persons including a railway guard were held on charge of stealing valuables from the train passengers. According to Government Railway Police (GRP) officials, a laptop, camera and mobile phones of some passengers were stolen from AC coach in Jabalpur- Somnath express train last week between Ratlam and Nagda. The police during investigation found that Gulshan, son of Devkumar Sareen, resident of Sethinagar in Ujjain, who is employed as a guard with the assistance of accomplices Nilesh kadam and Munna alias Bhuria had committed the theft. The police arrested the trio and recovered the stolen goods.More incidents could be solved with the nabbing of the gang, police hoped. Gulshan had got the job on compensatory ground after the demise of his father.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "17121636", "title": "Eco-friendly rickshaws to make entry after Diwali", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Commuters are going to get a much-awaited Diwali gift from theDiwali. In order to phase out old three-wheelers plying without permits and provide easy feeder services to residents, new eco-friendly rickshaws will be introduced in the city post-Diwali.The battery-operated rickshaws will be launched by the Authority in association with a non-profit organization, Samman Foundation. Earlier last month, the Authority had made this decision and a presentation on the feasibility and the design of the project was made by the Samman Foundation last week. Following that the Authority granted the final approval for the rickshaw project.In the first phase, the Authority plans to introduce 25 rickshaws. In the route for the first phase, the rickshaws will ply in and around Knowledge Park, Pari Chowk, Galgotia College and Sharda University, besides four residential sectors - Alpha , Beta, Gamma and Delta. Depending on the public response to these 25 rickshaws, the Authority will decide on expanding the route and adding more rickshaws to ply in the remaining areas of the city.\"The state of public transport in the city is not really up to mark. While working on the Special Purpose Vehicle project (SPV), we decided to introduce some form of feeder vehicles to assist residents till the SPV becomes a reality,\" said Yogendra Yadav, OSD, Greater Noida Authority.\"The Authority is also constantly looking at measures to reduce traffic snarls, pollution levels, etc in the city and to provide convenient modes of travel to residents,\" Yadav added.Officials say that the new rickshaws will not just provide an environment friendly and speedy option for commuting from one sector to another or within arterial areas, they will also help in reducing the menace of the share autos crowding busy junctions across Greater Noida. Authority officials claim that most of these share autos run illegally without valid permits.Meanwhile, officials said that details of the MoU of the SPV comprising the Noida and Greater Noida authorities and UPSRTC is under consideration and is likely to be approved soon.The SPV will have officials from Noida, Greater Noida and UPSRTC as representatives. Once the SPV is in place, authorities will work on connecting all residential pockets within the twin cities and the most frequented spots through a new fleet of buses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17121649", "title": "Govt to implement system to monitor babus\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 performance", "text": "HYDERABAD: In what could be a far-reaching exercise to tone up the administration and improve governance, the state government has decided to implement a performance monitoring and evaluation system for senior babus and other officials. Called the results framework document (RFD), performance of all the heads of departments would be evaluated by the government under this new system.Based on their performance, officials would be given incentives. They would be evaluated on a scale of 1 to 10 on various attributes.Prajapati Trivedi, secretary (performance management division) in the cabinet secretariat along with chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy would launch the RFD at a workshop at MCR HRD centre on Wednesday.The two-day meeting would be attended by 40 heads of departments, secretaries of all departments and collectors of five districts. AP is the 11th state in the country to implement RFD, sources said.The two-day workshop's objective is to familiarise senior officers with the preparation of RFD for their respective departments, sources said. RFD would serve the twin objective of shifting the concerned department's focus from process to result orientation and providing a clear objective to achieve the desired result, sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17123742", "title": "Two special teams formed to crack case", "text": "HUBLI: The Dharwad district police have launched a manhunt for miscreants involved in the shoot out in which a taxi driver sustained bullet injuries near Kusugal railway station in Hubli on Monday.The police department has set up two special teams to crack the case and to investigate the incident. The taxi driver Sangappa, who was shot at by the three miscreants who travelled with him in his car from Koppal, sustained bullet injuries. The miscreants fled the scene leaving the cab driver bleeding in the car.S Ravikumar, SP, Dharwad, said that the investigation teams got some clues about the miscreants involved in the incident. \"We will crack the case soon.''Two teams headed by Dysp Raju Banahatti of Navalgund police station, CPI Padolkar and Hubli rural police station CPI R K Patil have been dispatched to Koppal and surrounding places for investigation. Police suspect that personal enmity might be the main reason behind the incident, said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17123565", "title": "Finding female eggs donors a tough task", "text": "BHOPAL: It's not a situation like 'Vicky donors' who queue up to offer sperm donations. When it comes to females donating their eggs and helping other women achieve pregnancy it is hard to come by in the city. As a matter of fact, nearly half of all infertile couples seek eggs for embryos. Needless to say, it is done keeping in mind the physical and intellectual characteristics of the female donor.\"We can source male donors through sperm banks. But, there isn't any reliable bank to store women's eggs in the country. As a result, the demand for fresh donor eggs overshoots the supply,\" explained specialist neonatologist and embryologist Dr Randhir Singh , of a private IVF clinic in Bhopal.Skewed demand and supply matrix means that a woman donors make a minimum of Rs 20,000 per donation compared to a male sperm donor, who is paid just about Rs 1,000.College going girls like Bharti (name changed) too sees in it an opportunity to make a quick buck. The 23-year-old approached to become an egg donor. Her black hair and brown eyes with 10 years of education, was qualification enough for an egg donor. Though she was willing to travel anywhere in the world to donate, her application was rejected.\"There is a thumb rule we follow - one, fertility has to be proven by the donor. We only approve donations from females, who have children,\" said Dr Singh. \"We have to assume that 10% of adult population is infertile,\" he added.The procedure of donation isn't simple either. The donor is given about 20 injections in as many days to produce at least five eggs - which are extracted under anaesthesia. Many of those who have found success have often found donors in their families.A city-based television actress refusing to be named said, \"I thank my sister for donating her eggs. It still isn't socially acceptable and we avoid narrating our experience even within our family.\" The couple in 30s has a daughter.\"Until the assisted reproductive technology (ART) Bill is passed in parliament to make it a law-any woman who wishes to offer their eggs for donation can do so,\" Dr Singh added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17124389", "title": "Dog squad kennel to open at CST", "text": "MUMBAI: A new kennel, where sniffer dogs belonging to the Railway Protection Force (RPF) will be kept, is set to be opened at CST on Wednesday . The move is aimed at reducing the response time during an emergency and is part of an integrated security system at major stations.A senior official said, \"Central Railway general manager Subodh Jain will inaugurate the kennel, which will have a capacity of eight sniffer dogs. The number of RPF sniffer dogs is set to rise to 37.\"Until now, sniffer dogs had to be brought to CST from Matunga during an emergency call or a routine drill. \"While the journey was a tiring one for the dogs, the response time was also high. The new kennel , which is located near platform 18, will help improve security at CST,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17123525", "title": "Jack and Jill school celebrates annual day", "text": "Jack and Jill Foundation School celebrated its 14th annual day on November 4 at Subhash school of Excellence. The theme of this year's programme was 'early man.' The toddlers of the school came dressed as primitive men. There were interesting sports events like chimpanzee race, log race, cart race, stone race etc. along with the theme, the evolution of man was depicted beautifully by showing various landmarks like farming, discovery of fire and invention of wheel. Dr Nirbhay Shrivastava, dean gandhi medical college (GMC) was the chief guest while P R Ravi Mohan, regional director Reserve Bank of India MP and CG was the guest of honour.Mom2Mom School celebrated its annual function on November 5 at Ravindra Bhawan. The function was based on the theme 'blast from the past.' Children presented various dances on retro songs and staged some message oriented skits as well. The skits stole the show with excellent dialogue delivery. Grade 1 students anchored the show. Their confidence and the art of handling were praiseworthy. Director of the school Priti Verma delivered the welcome speech while Dipti Sharma, coordinator of the school thanked the team who left no stones unturned in making the function a grand success. Overall, it was a memorable evening.Bal Bharti Public School and Bhopal district karate association organised a joint Bal Bharti Karate competition recently. It was held at the Rail Coach Factory Institute, Nishatpura. Principal of the school Kuldeep Singh, Sanjay Thawait of the karate association, Jamal Naseer, Satyanarayan Sharma, organising secretary Shashikant Patil, senior referee Arjun Soni among others were present. 130 students from 14 schools participated in the competition. The overall champions of the competition were Carmel Convent, BHEL with 18 gold, 17 silver and 12 bronze medals. Peoples Public School was the first runner up with 8 gold, 7 silver and 10 bronze while Bal Bharti Public School stood third with 6 gold, 7 silver and 13 bronze medals.West Wind Kindergarten, the pre-primary wing of Bal Bhavan School celebrated its annual day at Ravindra Bhawan on Tuesday. Pravina Kulkarni, chairperson family welfare organization, 21 Corps was the chief guest. The programme started with a welcome song 'Sweet sweet smile', followed by enactment of the famous movie 'The Jungle Book' by the kindergarten students. Thereafter a musical medley of songs depicting a child's school years was presented. A dance to the folk tunes from Kashmir to Kanya Kumari was staged by the students. The deserving children were awarded at the end of the programme.Bank Officers' Public Higher Secondary School is organising the first bank officer inter-school football tournament from November 6 to 8. The tournament was inaugurated on Tuesday by principal Vandana Verma. Besides, the red and blue teams of the school, nine other school teams are participating in the competition. In the match held on Tuesday, Sagar Public School defeated blue team of the school by 6-0.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "muzaffarpur", "code": "17124611", "title": "Maoists attack Muzaffarpur construction firm", "text": "MUZAFFARPUR: After a lull, over dozen Maoists, armed with sophisticated weapons, attacked the camp office of Ranjit Kumar Singh's road construction company at Raghopur village under Minapur police station of this district on Monday midnight and set afire two JCB machines, a tractor and the temporary shed of the camp office for failure of the company to pay 'levy' to the Naxalites.According to Minapur PS SHO Madan Kumar Singh, the invaders assaulted two employees of the company present there for the safety of the equipment and forced them to take out diesel from the vehicles. They sprinkled the same oil on JCB machines, tractor and shed and then set them afire. All the equipment were badly damaged in the action. The Maoists also shouted slogans in favour of their party and left some leaflets on the spot on behalf of the North Bihar Western Zonal Committee of CPI (Maoist), warning that all those who fail to pay 'levy' within stipulated time and those who ignore Maoists' directives, would have to face similar repercussions.The proprietor of the company arrived at the site on Tuesday along with a couple of his staff members to assess the damage and the situation and stopped the road construction work between Raghopur and Nandana villages via Talimpur for an indefinite period or till he is assured of security of his staff and equipment.He admitted that about four months back also levy was demanded with an instruction to pay it latest by Durga Puja, police sources said and claimed that the company owner had not informed the police about the demand.The Maoists had also attacked another construction site at Shitalasthan near Turki under the same police station about 10 months back for similar reasons.Although areas adjacent to Sheohar district are completely under Naxal influence, they have not retaliated after a massive combing operation launched by the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17122133", "title": "Kripa cries foul over probe order", "text": "MUMBAI: Former Mumbai Congress chief Kripashankar Singh told the Bombay high court on Tuesday that the order of magisterial inquiry against him was passed without seeking his response.On October 25, 2012, a division bench of Justices V M Kanade and P D Kode directed the chief metropolitan magistrate to conduct an inquiry into a complaint by Kalina resident Tulsidas Nair alleging harassment by Singh and his henchmen in connivance with the Vakola police. The bench had also directed the state human rights commission to take cognizance of the complaint and conduct an inquiry.Singh's advocate K K Giri said the order of inquiry \"was obtained behind my (Singh's ) back\" without issue of notice to me. \"He is taking advantage of the order,\" added Giri.Nair alleged that Singh and his accomplices had encroached on his three shops and three residences. He said the city civil court's 1998 order, directing their recovery and possession, could not be executed because of Singh's \"muscle power and political clout\". Nair also alleged connivance of his landlady, Twinder Pal Anand, with whom he has a dispute over a 900-sq ft flat at Sunder Nagar, where he resides.However, Anand told the court that on the contrary it was Nair who has created terror in the Kalina-Vakola area, being chief of Rahul Gandhi National Brigade. She said cheating cases have been filed against him for taking money from people after promising them flats under the Chief Minister's quota. She said that she had leased out her flat to him but he prepared fake papers showing that she had availed a loan from him against the house. \"He is a gangster and fraud. I cannot get out of my own house,\" said Anand. She also said that she has won eviction proceedings to get Nair vacated. The judges adjourned the matter beyond vacation saying they will look into all the issues at the next hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "araku", "code": "17121470", "title": "Araku film shoot goes awry; 1 killed", "text": "ARAKU: In a freak incident, a crane helper of a film crew was electrocuted when he came in contact with a live wire during the shooting of veteran director K Raghavendra Rao's new film at Siragam village in Araku mandal in Visakhapatnam district on Tuesday evening. Another helper of the crane unit was severely injured in the accident. The film unit was tightlipped about the incident.The deceased worker was identified as Bhanu Prakash from Hyderabad and the injured person as Krishna Murthy. Initial reports said that Prakash had died in a fire accident. Source said the film unit of `Intinta Annamayya' had not taken proper security precautions while filming the shots. Though the accident occurred at 4 pm, it came to light only after Prakash's body was shifted to the Araku valley community health centre. By the time the news spread, the film unit shifted their men and material from the village.Sources said Prakash was moving the crane as per the camera operator's instructions. In the process, power cables came in contact with the iron crane. Prakash suffered severe shock and died on the spot, sources said. Raghavendra Rao is making the movie under the Sai Baba Movies banner. The film shooting, which started here on November 3, is set to continue for another month.This was the second major incident after a cameraman and three of his assistants were injured when the camera crane broke one and a half years ago during the shooting of actor Balakrishna's movie at Yarada in Vizag. Cameraman Vijayakumar had suffered a fracture on his leg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "malegaon", "code": "17124594", "title": "Irate consumers demand transfer of MSEDCL staffer", "text": "MALEGAON: Angered by the attitude displayed by an Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Ltd (MSEDCL) officer, who allegedly abused local MLA Mufti Mohammed Ismael, hundreds of consumers have demanded the officer's immediate transfer from the city.\"You can impose on us 24 hours of continuous load shedding whenever you want and charge us whatever amount on our our bills, but we do not want this officer in the city,\" consumers said during a meeting called by the additional superintendent of police (ASP), Sunil Kadasane on Monday, in the presence of chief engineer PU Shinde, who rushed to Malegaon after the complaint. The consumers alleged that on Wednesday, after a protest against inflated electricity bills during a a morcha to the Old Power House substation, deputy engineer Madanlal Pachlure abused the local MLA Mufti Ismael and allegedly said that faulty bills had been distributed according to orders received from higher authorities.Pachlure's alleged unruly behaviour led to widespread anger against him which peaked on Saturday when it was learnt that Pachlure himself had lodged a police complaint against some of the consumers alleging them of abusing and misbehaving with him.Consequently, Kadasane called a meeting on Monday, inviting Shinde for the same.When contacted, Shinde said a probe would be ordered over the issue if deemed necessary. \"We have received the complaint from the concerned people and are going through the facts. An inquiry will be ordered if warranted and action will follow after the outcome of the inquiry,\" Shinde said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "17124212", "title": "No bomb, just cake in unattended bag", "text": "VASCO: A parcel abandoned at the international arrival area of the Dabolim International airport created chaos on Tuesday. It was only when the bomb disposal squad (BDS) found cake in the bag that the situation was brought under control.At around 4pm, a CISF guard noticed an unattended plastic bag covering a parcel near a dustbin in the international arrival area. The area was vacated and BDS was called which arrived at 6pm and found a cake inside the bag.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17124448", "title": "Teenager killed, body dumped in park", "text": "VARANASI: A teenager was killed by unidentified miscreants on Monday night. His body was found in a park in Diesel Locomotive Works (DLW) on Tuesday.Shamsher (19) was a resident of Lohta. After receiving a phone call on Monday night, he went to the city. On Tuesday morning his body was found in the park.The motive behind the killing was not clear. The police suspect love affair as the reason behind the killing. The call details of his phone were being examined.One killed: Sonu Gaudh (25), died in an accident in Haraiya locality, under the jurisdiction of Mubarakpur police, in Azamgarh district on Tuesday. A native of Sidhari, Sonu was going driving a van which collided with a truck. He died on the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17122264", "title": "After newborn abduction, Yashwantrao Chavan Memorial Hospital to get more guards, cameras", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation plans to increase the number of CCTV cameras and security personnel at the civic-run Yashwantrao Chavan Memorial Hospital (YCMH) in Pimpri, after a newborn was stolen from the maternity ward by an unidentified woman on Monday.PCMC additional commissioner Prakash Kadam said that the CCTV cameras recorded the woman's movements in the hospital and footage of her leaving the building. \"However, we do not have any footage of the woman coming out of the building and walking through the open space towards the entrance/exit gate. We are thinking of installing CCTV cameras at the to keep watch on people's movement when they come out of the hospital building and move towards the entrance/exit gate,\" he said.PCMC medical officer of health AD Jagdale said, \"There are 25 CCTV cameras installed in the hospital premises, of which 22 are working. There is a central control room to monitor the footage at the hospital.\"Jagdale said there were 93 security guards at the hospital who work in three shifts. \"Of these, 60 are civic employees while the rest have been hired on a contract-basis. We are facing a shortage of security guards. About six months ago, we had asked for 22 more guards, including seven women, from the civic administration. We had also demanded that four police constables and one head police constable be deployed at the hospital to increase security. But the proposal is pending with the state's inspector general of police,\" he said.In response, Kadam said, \"We will try to provide more security guards to the hospital to beef up security and follow up on the additional police personnel.We will also the matter of with the state government.\"The Yashwantrao Chavan Memorial Hospital is the largest PCMC-run hospital in Pimpri-Chinchwad. It is a multi-specialty hospital with a 750-bed capacity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17123645", "title": "Valuables worth Rs 10L stolen from Santoshi Vihar home", "text": "BHOPAL: Unidentified burglars barged into a house at Santoshi Vihar on Ayodhya Bypass and escaped with cash and valuables worth around Rs 10 lakh on Monday evening. A case was registered at Piplani police station.The complainant, Avinash Saxena, had locked his house in the evening and had gone out to visit a relative at Awadhpuri. When he returned around 11.45 pm, he found the interlocks of the gate in porch broken. He found that Rs 15,000 cash and gold and silver ornaments worth Rs 10 lakh were missing from the house. He contacted police, who registered a case of burglary of only around Rs 5 lakh.Saxena, a technician with BHEL, told TOI that he has given the complete list of around 20 carats of gold burgled, besides the silver ornaments and cash. He had no clue why the police have registered a case of a lesser amount.The accused searched the entire house, including the suitcases and almirahs, till they got the valuables, Saxena added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17123490", "title": "You can get crackers at stalls in 8 grounds", "text": "BANGALORE: Crackers will be available at eight places in the city this Diwali.The Karnataka high court on Tuesday disposed of a PIL seeking guidelines for selling of crackers, after it was informed that licences were given by BBMP following clearance from police, as per the 1980 guidelines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17124520", "title": "Decide objection with reasons: HC", "text": "PANAJI: The high court of Bombay at Goa has set aside a report recommending acquisition of land to construct a motorable road at Deussua village in Salcete as the deputy collector (land acquisition officer) did not provide reasons for rejecting objections raised by aggrieved parties.Estefania Dias and Maria Viegas in separate petitions challenged the report and the land acquisition notification issued by government.Dias and Viegas had objected before the deputy collector and stated that the land was acquired to benefit just two residents due to their political connections. The government replied that the acquisition was in public interest for construction of a road, including a retaining wall.Setting aside the report made by the deputy collector on October 28, 2010 with respect to the land of the petitioners alone, the court has directed the deputy collector to file a fresh report with reasons, after hearing them.A division bench comprising Justice SJ Vazifdar and Justice FM Reis observed, \"We intend disposing of these writ petitions only on the ground that the report of the land acquisition officer under Section 5A of the Act has not considered the objections raised by the petitioners and, in any event, does not contain reasons sufficient to even indicate the basis on which the objections raised by the petitioners have been rejected.\"The court also stated that the report should indicate that the objections have been considered and merely noting the objections does not constitute consideration of the same. The court noted that Section 5A of the Land Acquisition Act requires the collector to furnish reasons in the report for his recommendation on the objections.Holding that the report must indicate what prompted the collector to make a recommendation, the court observed, \"Unless the report discloses the reasons that prompted the recommendation, the provisions of Section 5A would not be complied with. Reasons are a safeguard against arbitrariness. They facilitate the government in taking an informed decision.\"Info boxPetitioners argued that acquisition would benefit only two housesGovernment authorities contended it would benefit five housesReport stated that acquisition will improve accessibility in the village and will benefit publicCourt held that deputy collector's report should disclose reasons for rejecting objections raised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17123733", "title": "Soon, SMS in Kannada from any phone", "text": "BANGALORE: The government approved a recommendation to use Unicode, a free and open source software in all e-works related to Kannada at the government level. \"Soon we will issue a circular to make use of unicode compulsorily for all works related to Kannada,'' Kageri said. The central government declared Unicode as the standard way back in 2009, and though many other states followed suit, the Karnataka government was yet to do so.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17124020", "title": "Employment subsidy available to Goan industries", "text": "In order to promote industrial growth in the state and revive sick industrial units, the directorate of industries, trade and commerce, government of Goa, runs the 'Goa state employment subsidy scheme for industries'. This week we look at various benefits that an industrial unit can garner under this scheme.Eligibility criteriaNew and existing micro and small industrial units involved in manufacturing activities, which are registered permanently or acknowledged with entrepreneur memorandum part IIMedium and large-scale units approved by the 'high powered coordination committee' on or after April 1, 2008All these units need to engage 80% of local manpower on regular basisTheir manufacturing activities need to be under 'green', 'orange' and 'specified orange' categoryDocuments requiredApplication form available from the office of the directorate of industries, trade and commerceTwo photographs of the applicantDocuments in support of proof of residence (copy of ration card, voters ID card or utility bill in applicant's name)Copy of applicant's PAN cardIncome tax return details for past 3 yearsAudited balance sheet for the previous 3 yearsProcedure for applicationAll the above-mentioned documents are to be submitted with the office of the directorate of industries, trade and commerce, along with the completed application formA task force committee then scrutinizes the applications and selects and recommends the quantum of benefits under the schemeBenefits and quantum of subsidyUnder this scheme, the geographical location of the unit determines the quantum of subsidy to which an industrial unit is eligible.In the less developed talukas of Pernem, Sattari, Bicholim, Sanguem, Quepem and Canacona:For new industrial units, subsidy of 35% is providedFor existing micro and small industrial units, subsidy provided is 15%In the rest of Goa:Subsidy provided to new industrial units is 25%For existing micro and small industrial units, subsidy provided is 10%Under the revival plan, sick units are eligible for a maximum subsidy of 25% across the stateTotal quantum of subsidy will be limited to 40% including all the additional benefits under this and various other schemes run by the directoratePeriod of subsidyFor new units, period of subsidy is five years, starting from a month after the date of commencement of commercial productionFor units under the revival plan, period of subsidy is specified by a competent authority, subject to a maximum of five years.Address/Contact detailsDirectorate of Industries, Trade &amp; Commerce, Udyog Bhavan, Panaji, Goa - 403001Phone: 2222241, 2422268If you need more details on the procedures mentioned above, email us at toi.goa@timesgroup.com with \"@ your fingertips\" in the subject line. You can also write to us at: At your fingertips, c/o Times of India, Vivenda de Hassan, D Bandodkar Road, Miramar, Panaji - 403001Compiled by Rahul Rai", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17122974", "title": "Industry chokes in hands-off policy", "text": "KOLKATA: Forget acquisition, even direct purchase of land from farmers has become near impossible in Mamata-ruled Bengal, sparking a debate on whether the state should have a role at least on fixing land rates. No one knows what would satisfy unwilling landowners to give up their land for industry and infrastructure projects, public or private.Big companies like DVC-Emta, Power Grid Corporation, Tractors India Ltd and even state departments have learnt it the hard way. Urban development minister Firhad Hakim has had to shelve his dream project - a 100km highway from Bongaon to Garia - mainly due to land acquisition problems.DVC's joint venture with Bengal Emta to procure land for coal mining could not proceed beyond 728 acres, far short of the proposed 2,321 acres spread over nine mouzas, because some farmers refused to accept the offer of Rs 12 lakh an acre, although it is 10 times the prevailing land rate. The protesters refuse to accept the rehabilitation package approved by the Centre.Power Grid Corporation's inter-state electricity project at Dalkhola in North Dinajpur faces the same problem despite a compensation price far higher than market rates. \"It was planned to facilitate transmission of electricity from Sikkim to Bengal. We are committed to lighting up villages in North Dinajpur, apart from compensating landlosers,\" a Power Grid official said. The administration could acquire only 13 acres of the 64 acres needed for the project. Tractors India Ltd (TIL) is in trouble in Kharagpur's Changual, with a section of unwilling farmers moving high court challenging the \"public purpose\" of TIL's greenfield manufacturing assembling plant.The predicament has reignited the debate on whether the state should have a role in land acquisition. Going by experience, companies buying land with a go-ahead from the government are not being able to buy contiguous land required to start a project. Though there is such a provision in the draft Land Acquisition Bill, the Mamata Banerjee government has announced a hands-off policy and asks companies to procure land on their own. Significantly, Trinamool Rajya Sabha MP and former land reforms commissioner Debabrata Bandyopadhyay had earlier recommended a state role in acquiring land for infrastructure projects but had to eat his words under pressure from Mamata.Mamata's hands off policy towards land acquisition forced investors to trudge the alternative route - direct purchase from farmers - leaving them vulnerable to protests. Public undertakings such as NTPC or Power Grid Corporation can't procure land secretively, as many others have done in violation of the land ceiling. They have to take the official route and approach the government before procuring land. \"With the government having no role in fixing land prices, anyone can throw a spanner while the project is underway leading to sinking of funds,\" a public undertaking official said.The industries department, on the other hand, is yet to make investors declare the land they are keeping idle. According to sources, some investors have around 8,000 acres to 14,000 acres of free hold land in Hooghly, Howrah, North and South 24-Parganas, Murshidabad and Malda. The result is that the government can't utilise the land for industry, and nor can it help investors procure land even if they approach the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17122072", "title": "EC rejects Swamy's plea for derecognition of Congress", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Election Commission (EC) on Tuesday quashed Janata Party chief Subramanian Swamy's plea seeking derecognition of the Congress for loaning Rs 90 crore to a company, saying it did not fulfil the specified criteria: failure to honour the model code of conduct or to follow the EC's instructions.The EC, responding to the points raised by Swamy in his petition, said paragraph 16A of the Election Symbols (Reservation and Allotment) Order did not apply in the Congress's case as there was nothing in the plea to show that the model code of conduct was in place when the loan was given to Associated Journals Pvt Limited (AJPL), publisher of the now-defunct National Herald newspaper. \"Further, there is no direction or instruction of the EC regulating the manner in which the party in question recognized by it may spend the funds raised by them,\" it added.\"The ground urged by you seeking de-recognition of the party under reference in the present case does not fall under any of the grounds specified under the said paragraph 16A for such de-recognition,\" the Commission concluded, terming the November 3 and 5 letters written by Swamy as \"not maintainable\". It also took strong exception to Swamy's allegation questioning EC's \"impartiality\" in deciding the petition.TOI had reported on Monday that the EC would not issue a show-cause notice to the Congress on Swamy's petition, as it had powers to derecognize a party only on two grounds: a serious violation of the model code of conduct or failing to fulfil the performance criteria for recognition as a national/state party at the last parliamentary/assembly poll. While performance-based de-recognition was never an issue \u00e2\u20ac\u201d what with the Congress having cornered the largest vote share in the 2009 Lok Sabha poll and returning the largest number of MPs \u00e2\u20ac\u201d there was no major poll code violation by it either. \"This leaves no ground for the EC to initiate de-recognition proceedings against the Congress,\" a Nirvachan Sadan official had told TOI.In its ruling on Swamy's plea on Tuesday, the Commission said that even though the Representation of People Act, 1951, provides for the manner in which the registered political parties may raise their funds, \"there is no provision whatsoever in that Act prescribing the manner in which the political parties may use those funds.\"\"If the party has not complied with any of the provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961, as alleged by you, that matter does not fall within the jurisdiction of the Commission,\" it added.The EC's rejection comes even as the Congress acknowledged last Friday that it had indeed loaned Rs 90 crore to AJPL. Congress general secretary Janardan Dwivedi, in an attempt to shield the party from the 'sensation' created by Swamy's 'expose', justified the loan saying it was in \"furtherance of its (Congress') object and political activities\".\"To promote the Gandhi-Nehru thought is political work. We have discharged our political dharma because Associated Journals has worked to promote the Gandhi-Nehru thought,\" Dwivedi had said.Swamy, however, latched on to Dwivedi's statement as a \"written admission\" of the \"illegal loan\", and moved the EC seeking de-recognition of the Congress for having violated Section 29 A to C of the RPA and Section 13A of the I-T Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "17123371", "title": "Threat call to Khemka: Judicial custody for sacked Haryana Housing Board employee", "text": "PANCHKULA: A Panchkula court on Tuesday sent Umed Singh, sacked employee of the Haryana Housing Board(HHB), who had made a threat call to whistleblower IAS officer Ashok Khemka, to 14-day judicial custody.The police had arrested Umed Singh on Friday and was sent to three-day police remand by the court. During the remand, the police has recovered the service record of the dismissed employee and the mobile phone which was used to make the threat call to Khemka's office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17124713", "title": "India nuke society bars media from 3-day meet", "text": "MUMBAI: Nearly a week after senior officials emphasized the importance of public outreach programmes, the Indian Nuclear Society (INS) for the first time has officially barred the media from attending and covering its three-day conference beginning on Wednesday.The meeting includes presenting the society's awards to several nuclear scientists for outstanding performance. Ironically, the awardees include the head of BARC's media relations and public awareness section, R K Singh, and an associate editor of a Chennai-based magazine. They have been given the INS science communication award.The significance of public outreach and transparency was stressed by nuclear officials during the Homi Bhabha birth anniversary celebrations on October 30.INS secretary Gursharan Singh told TOI that officially the media has not been invited and added that a\u00c5\u201cif there is any lapse on our part, I apologize. But you can come if you want,a he said. He then went on to say that the media relations is being handled by the Nuclear Power Corporation (NPC) as the event is being held on its premises. When this newspaper approached G Srinivasan of NPC and enquired whether there was any particular reason why the media has been prevented from covering the proceedings this time he said: 'No particular reason.'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17123195", "title": "Trains cancelled for two days", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Some trains will remain partially cancelled due to construction of foot overbridge (FOB) at Naini railway junction on November 7 and 8. The FOB is being constructed for Mahakumbh.For the construction of the FOB, North Central Railway will take power block on November 7 and 8. This block will be applicable on November 7 from 12:15pm till 3pm. This block will also be taken on November 8 from 12:15pm to 3:45pm.Trains which will remain partially cancelled include Vindhyachal-Lucknow Intercity Express.This train will not go to Vindhyachal on November 7 and 8 and will be operational only between Allahabad and Lucknow on both these days. Train numbers 53345/53346 Shaktinagar-Chunar passenger will be partially cancelled between Chunar and Allahabad. Train numbers 54106/54107 Allahabad-Mughalarai passenger train will remain cancelled between Allahabad and Mughalsarai.Besides, railway crossing number 34-C near Chheoki railway junction will remain closed from 10am till 5pm on Wednesday due to routine work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17122408", "title": "He's a thief, but he won't rape: Mom", "text": "MUMBAI: Ask for Anwar Mohammed Ansari alias Badshah, 28, in the shanties opposite the Nariyalwadi Muslim cemetery at Mazgaon on Reay Road, and few are likely to be able to point out his home. But ask for 'Chor Badshah' and you will be well-guided.\"Chor Badshah is famous here. Any big house-break, the police will first come to round up Badshah and, hence, he is well-known in the area,\" said a neighbour. Ansari was arrested on Tuesday in the case of serial robberies and the rape of a Spanish woman in Bandra early on Monday morning.But his family says the police are making a mistake this time. \"Police have fixed him in this case. On that night, he was with me. He brought me home from my parents' house and we chatted outside our home till late in the night and then went to sleep. He was with me for the entire night, there's no question of him going to Bandra,\" said Ansari's wife Haseena, caressing their eight-month-old daughter.\"For the last five years, whenever there is a robbery, police from all over the city come and pick him up, detain him and sometimes arrest him and then release him. He steals, but I don't believe he would rape anybody,\" said Ansari's mother Nisar.Earlier, some sources said, when the police had come calling, the family had said he wasn't home on Sunday night.Badshah, a habitual thief on police record, has around five house-breaking cases against his name at the moment. He was recently released from Arthur Road jail on bail after being arrested for robbing actor Dino Morea's flat. Earlier, he spent five months in prison in another case.As news of Ansari's detention spread, his two sisters, Yasmin and Shabnam, who stay in the vicinity, came to lend moral support to their ailing father.Ansari's family hails from Bahraich in Uttar Pradesh and came to Mumbai in late 80s in search for a better life. They initially rented a tiny house in the Bangalipura hutments above the Reay Road station. After his father gave up his driver's job, mother Nisar took up the job of giving 'gusool' (ritual bath) to dead women before burial. Now, the family owns a tiny hutment opposite the Nariyalwadi Muslim cemetery at Mazgaon.Mumbai: While the Bandra police probing the rape of Spanish woman have almost concluded that it was Anwar Mohammed Ansari alias Badshah (28), a habitual house breaker from Reay road who broke into flat on early Monday morning and twice raped Spanish National, Badshah's family have rubbished the police claim.The Bandra police on late Monday night picked up Badshah from his home immediately after their investigation hinted at his involvement. What is new in that since last five years whenever police from all over the city comes picks him, detains, sometimes arrest and releases him. He steals but I dont believe this that he would rape anybody. '' said his mother Nisar Ansari.Badshah a habitual thief on police record has around five house breaking cases and he was recently released from Arthur road jail after being arrested for house breaking case in actor Dinoo Morea's flat. Prior to this he has spend five months in jail in another case Police have fixed him in this case. On the fateful night he was with me, I brought me home from my parent's house and we chatted till late night sitting outside our and went to sleep. Full night he was with me where is the question of him going to Bandra.''said his wife Haseena caressing his eight months old daughter. Soon as news of Badshah's detention by the Bandra police spread, his two sisters Yasmin and Shabnam who stays in the same vicinity have come to give a moral support to their ailing father.Badshah family hails from Baraich in Uttar Pradesh and had landed in Mumbai in late 85's in search of some better prospects and initially rented a tiny house in Bangalipura hutments above the Reay road railway station. After father gave up his driver's job, mother Nisar took up the job of giving 'gusool' (giving bath to dead muslim women before burial). And now the family owns a tiny hutment bank opposite the Nariyalwadi muslim Kabarastan at Mazgaon.Badshah who has around five cases of house breaking is very popular in the area but to find his house, one has to mention Chor Badshah as there are two other Badshahs doing well fishing and transport business. Chor Badshah is famous, any big house breakings, the police will first to round up Badshah and hence he is known in the area.'' Said his neighbour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17123532", "title": "Contract worker dies on job in Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited", "text": "BHOPAL: A 30-year-old contract worker died in the Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited (BHEL) factory premises as was caught in a binding machine while on duty late on Monday. The victim, Manoj Meena was declared brought dead by the doctors at BHEL's Kasturba Hospital.Police said the accident occurred while the worker was working on the binding machine. His hands and legs got entangled in the machine and he was seriously injured. He succumbed to his injuries by the time he was taken to the hospital.The report about the incident triggered panic in the hospital premises. Around 200 persons, including local residents, relatives of the deceased and leaders of the contract labrourers union and workers created ruckus at the hospital, raising slogans and casting aspersions about the safety measures in the plant. The protestors demanded a job on compassionate grounds for a kin of the deceased, besides, adequate compensation.Situation remained tense for more than an hour. Leaders, including the urban administration and development minister Babulal Gaur , MLA Vishwas Sarang, local Congress leader PC Sharma also visited the hospital and lent support to the demand of agitators. Later, the leaders and BHEL administration discussed the issue and announced relief for the family of deceased.The police said deceased was employed as a contract labourer in BHEL. He is survived by his wife and three kids. The family resided in N1-A Sector in Govindpura here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17122922", "title": "Cops track down snatcher's aide", "text": "KOLKATA: A day after the arrest of bike-borne snatcher Faiyaz Ahmed, who was overpowered by homemaker Urbi Desai on Monday, officers of the detective department rounded up his aide Mohammad Noushad from Ekbalpore area on Tuesday morning.On Monday evening, Urbi had nabbed down Faiyaz with the help of passersby when he tried to whisk away Noushad on his bike after the latter snatched the woman's gold chain. Faiyaz was riding pillion when the bike got stuck up in the funeral procession of Justice Umesh Banerjee. Though Urbi had managed to hold on to Faiyaz, Noushad had managed to escape, leaving behind the motor cycle.The interrogation of Faiyaz revealed that Mohammad Noushad was driving the motorbike. After a night-long raid at different hideouts, police finally rounded up Noushad on Tuesday morning.According to cops, both Faiyaz and Noushad are history-sheeters. The anti-snatching squad of the detective department had rounded up both of them in different cases in the past. Two months ago, Noushad was picked up by police from the Bhowanipore police station in connection with a snatching. The red motor bike used during the crime belongs to Faiyaz. They were mainly active at Bhowanipore, Kalighat and Chetla area of south Kolkata.The duo reportedly confessed that they were behind the snatching atElgin Road on October 29. A year ago, they had snatched a chain from another woman in Kalighat. Noushad used work in Mumbai as a barber earlier. He returned to the city two years back and turned into a small-time pocket lifter. Later he joined an Ekbalpore-based snatching gang.Police, however, confirmed that Faiyaz and Noushad were not involved in the series of snatch-and-shoot incidents in Jadavpur-Kasba area. Police feel that the snatch-and-shoot gang is different, may be two different gangs that are operating in Kasba-Jadavpur area. The officers of the detective department have identified five different gangs active in south Kolkata and adjoining areas.\"We have checked that none of these gangs use firearms. Only a single gang once opened fire at Patuli but the goon was arrested soon after the incident. The one arrested has no connection with the recent snatch-and-shoot incidents,\" said an investigating officer.On Tuesday, officers of Kolkata Police confirmed that two miscreants arrested by South 24-Parganas police were not involved in recent snatchings in south Kolkata. \"After interrogating one of them, we are now confirming that South 24-Paraganas district police have arrested wrong persons,\" said an investigator. He, however, admitted that Kolkata Police were still clueless about armed snatchers who have now turned into a nightmare at vast stretches of south Kolkata and its fringes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17122065", "title": "Shinde asks Interpol to stop terror funds routed via stock markets", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pointing to terror funds being routed through stock markets by way of spurious companies, home minister Sushil Shinde has urged Interpol to work on a cooperative mechanism that facilitates speedy sharing of internet addresses and subscriber details.Use of enhanced cyber tools and sharing of relevant electronic information is the key to checking, tracking and persecuting the flow of funds moved by savvy trans-national terrorists who take advantage of modern banking and stock markets to route funds.\"It is a cliche to say that terror-funding is the lifeblood of terrorism. Credible intelligence suggests terrorist outfits are investing in stock markets through spurious companies, setting up fictitious businesses and laundering money,\" Shinde said.In the backdrop of difficulties faced by India in accessing IP addresses of computers which were recently used in Pakistan and elsewhere to upload bogus information and doctored videos aimed at inflaming communal tensions after the Assam violence, the minister also urged Interpol to look to facilitate probes in such cases.This is not the first time that a senior figure in government has warned about abuse of stock markets by terror outfits. In 2007, then national security advisor M K Narayanan - now West Bengal governor - had said that instances of such manipulation had been noticed in Chennai and Mumbai stock exchanges.\"Instances of funds received through banking channels from Dubai and UAE intended for terrorist organizations have been detected,\" Narayanan had then noted.In December, 2011, then minister of state for finance Namo Narain Meena told Parliament that 10 suspicious deals had been reported from 2009-10 till 2011. Amounts so traded were often small so as to evade attention. Yet, because of the mobility of such funds, terrorists found them to be useful.Pakistan-based terror groups have used internet tools to telling effect against India. Agencies may find it not only find it essential to keep tabs on terror funds but to also check use of information technology in spreading communal tension as was seen recently when doctored videos were uploaded from Pakistan.Shinde said the important task was to detect sources of such finance, including the fake currency variant, conduits and operational methods.\"Here again the Interpol has to play a very crucial role,\" he said in his speech released by his ministry here on Tuesday.He suggested that Interpol should study the feasibility of having some mechanism for getting informal investigation related requests like those for subscriber details, IP addresses, executed expeditiously via the companies who have the information.India also urged Interpol to facilitate investigation and prosecution of terror-related cases.Shinde added, \"Best practices of prevention, investigation, prosecution and several other specialized dimensions of enforcement work can be collated and shared\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17123804", "title": "Coimbatore students design model for flying car", "text": "COIMBATORE: Most people will go out of their way to avoid rush hour traffic. The lucky ones can adjust their schedules to work around peak traffic hours, while the rest of us take to the road reluctantly, wishing and hoping our car or bike could fly. The good news is that we may be closer to operating a flying car than we think, thanks to three students of a prominent city college who have designed a car that can fly at the press of a switch.Godfrey Derek Sams, Kamali Gurunathan and Prasanth Selvan, aeronautical engineering students at Kumaraguru College of Technology have been selected by the Planetary Scientific Research Centre to present their design for a flying car at the International Conference on Aerospace, Automotive and Mechanical Engineering that will be held on December 8{+t}{+h} and 9{+t}{+h} at Pattaya in Thailand . The flying car is a concept that has existed from the time of the Wright Brothers. Although many have attempted to design a flying car, no one has been successful so far. However, the selected students are optimistic that their design is a workable solution.Godfrey said that their design is based on some of the high speed model cars. \"At the press of a button, the car's wings extends out from both sides,\" he said. The design has been tested by experts and Godfrey is confident that it will be successfully implemented. The design is most workable for cars that are aerodynamic in shape, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17122462", "title": "Father, son held for con job", "text": "NEW DELHI: The 65-year-old and his two sons were partners in crime. The youths would befriend guards at bungalows, get work as domestic helps and then clean out the property within days. The father was their treasurer and confidant. They had a free-ranging style \u00e2\u20ac\u201d striking now in Jaipur, then in Punjab or south Delhi \u00e2\u20ac\u201d that kept them safe from police. However, their adventures came to an end when they unwittingly chose the bungalow of a VIP \u00e2\u20ac\u201d transport minister Ramakant Goswami's niece \u00e2\u20ac\u201d for their last 'job'.Although the brothers succeeded in taking cash and valuables valued at Rs 20 lakh from the East Patel Nagar bungalow, police soon caught one of them along with the father in Bihar. Sources said Ravi (23) had befriended the guard at Padma Sharma's house last month and was hired as a help on October 24. His show of sincerity won the family's confidence and they did not get his police verification done.On October 30, Sharma left home to meet her elder son around 11.30am and Ravi asked his brother Arvind (22) to come over with their lock breaking tools. Ravi pulled up the tools from the terrace, broke the lockers and cabinets, rolled up the stolen articles in a bed sheet and passed them out to Arvind, who fled immediately. When another help arrived around 5.30pm, Ravi left the house on the pretext of getting a mobile recharge.Sharma returned home around 9.30pm and found the house ransacked. By then, the brothers had bought new clothes for themselves and their father Nek Chand at the Karol Bagh market, and boarded a train to Madheypura in Bihar from Old Delhi station. The police did not have any leads in the case, not even a photograph of Ravi, but they found a number from which Ravi had called the Sharmas on Dussehra. The user's address was found to be fake but call details of the number revealed four other mobile numbers, two each from Bihar and Delhi.Taking the users of these numbers into confidence, police traced Ravi to a village in Bihar where Arvind and Nek Chand were caught.\"A team led by the SHO of Patel Nagar and SI Joginder Singh arrested the duo from Bihar and recovered most of the stolen cash and jewellery. Efforts are on to arrest Ravi,\" said Devesh Chandra Srivastava, additional commissioner of police, central district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17121128", "title": "Australians have contributed to making me a tougher cricketer: Sachin Tendulkar", "text": "MUMBAI: Sachin Tendulkar has scored 3438 runs in 35 Tests against Australia. Eleven of his 51 Test hundreds have come against them as have 15 of his 65 half-centuries.In ODIs, he has tormented them no less. In 71 games, he has scored 3077 runs, including nine hundreds and 15 half-centuries.But despite the grief he has caused them, the sleepless nights he has given their bowlers and captains, the Australian government on Tuesday conferred on him the prestigious Order Of Australia (OOA).The formal ceremony was conducted by Simon Crean , Minister for Regional Australia, Regional Development and Local Government and Minister for the Arts in the presence of Peter Varghese, Australia's High Commissioner to India. Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard had announced last month in New Delhi, that the cricketer would be honoured with the award.Tendulkar, thus became the third Indian after Mother Teresa (1982) and Soli Sorabjee (2006) to be conferred with the OOA. He also became the fourth non-Australian cricketer to get the honour after West Indian greats Clive Lloyd (1985) and Garfield Sobers (2003), Brian Lara (2009).'Overwhelmed' with the honour, Tendulkar was lavish in his praise of the Australian cricket fraternity who he has wooed since his twin hundreds (148, Sydney) and (114, Perth) as an 18-year-old in 1991-92. His romance with Australia though had begun six years earlier - in 1985.\"Watching those fantastic day and night matches on television, I started dreaming of playing cricket there. It turned into reality in 1991-92 . At 18, I was playing the top side in the world. It completely changed me as a cricketer.\"The owner of most batting records in the game labelled the Australians as 'fierce competitors'. However, he also hailed them for being generous in their praise.\"When you do well against them, they shower you with compliments. Those three-and-half months changed me completely and I thought I was ready to play against any attack in the world. The Australians have contributed to making me a tougher cricketer.\"Dressed in a crisp, deep blue blazer with a matching tie, Tendulkar, accompanied by wife Anjali, got a touch nostalgic as he narrated his best experiences Down Under.\"I was invited to wish Sir Don on his 90th birthday (1998) when I was in the middle of a national camp in Chennai. The BCCI graciously agreed to send me to Australia for three or four days. He felt the standards were better then and my natural question to him was how much would he have averaged in the modern era. He said maybe 70. I asked him why only 70 and not 99.94. His reply was, 'Son, it's not bad for a 90-year-old'\".Tendulkar, it seems, hasn't just improved as a batsman with age, he has also become a raconteur, who uses humour as well as his wrists.\"The 2007 tour was special for me, because wherever I went to bat, the entire stadium gave me a standing ovation. It's something that'll always stay with me. I told a friend, 'It feels great, but I feel like laughing because they think this is my last trip.\"He also described Sydney as his favourite ground away from India and Australia as the best country to play cricket in after home.Minister of arts Crene, who also presented Tendulkar a stump painted by indigenous artist Janice Murray along with the medal and certificate, hailed the cricketer for his philanthropy and for being a spokesperson for charities.\"Over the years, Australians have relished the chance to watch Sachin in action even if that meant Australia were beaten on the day. Our admiration is demonstrated in the numbers of fans who turned out last summer, greeting him with standing ovations whenever he came out to bat,\" he said.Any comments, Mr Matthew Hayden?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17123962", "title": "Some Mysoreans bank on biogas made out of waste", "text": "MYSORE: At a time when LPG consumers are awaiting anxiously for the government's decision on the cap on subsidized LPG cylinders, a bunch of Mysoreans seems to be least bothered about the issue, thanks to alternative energy. They are generating biogas at their homes using organic waste generated at their kitchens. Now, they consume only five-six cylinders a year -- as against the earlier 12. About seven individuals are generating a minimum of 250-300 gram of biogas daily, which they use for cooking. NIE-Centre for Renewable Energy and Sustainable Technologies director S Shamsundar claims that he, being a promoter of renewable energy, set up biogas plant at his home.\"Earlier, biogas was generated using only cow dung. Knowing that organic waste can also be converted into energy, I searched for individuals/ organizations who have developed it. Then I came across Appropriate Rural Technology Institute (Pune) which met my expectations.\" \"Our first experiment at NIE institute was successful. We are still generating biogas at NIE, which is being used in canteen. Later, I installed one-cubic-metre biogas plant at my home, after which my friends followed suit. Today, we can find a dozen biogas plants, including seven individual ones, in the city. I have helped institutions like Administrative Training Institute, KR Hospital, State Pollution Control Board and Labland Biotech Pvt Ltd,\" Shamsundar said, adding: \"I now consume one LPG cylinder once in two-and-half to three months, as against the earlier 10-12 cylinders.\"One-cubic-metre biogas unit comprises 1,000-litre digester, 750-kg gas holder and an inlet. Organic waste like rotten fruits, vegetables and leftovers are used (after crushing the peels) to generate biogas. Except chemicals, metal, plastic and large quantities of citric things, one can use all other waste. The tank needs to be filled with a minimum of 2-3kg of waste or more, with equal proportion of water. Slurry can be used as manure, or left to the drain. It may cost nearly Rs 20,000 to set up one-cubic-metre plant.Mysore City Corporation, in order to promote biogas generation using organic waste, is meeting businesspersons, organizations and individuals, Shamasundar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17124195", "title": "Mangesh's 'Scholars' feat inspires his peers", "text": "PANAJI: Mangesh Sonawane was selected for Times Scholars from over 40,000 applicants across the country last week. But for his teachers, friends, classmates, neighbours, relatives and nearly anyone who knows Mangesh, the coveted scholarship was only the logical reward long expected for a boy known for his academic excellence.\"There are 1,090 Kendriya Vidyalayas across the country where close to 11 lakh students study, yet Mangesh's selection for Times Scholars I think is the biggest feat even for a Kendriya Vidyalya,\" says Kishore Kumar, principal of Kendriya Vidyalaya INS Mandovi, Verem, where Mangesh studies. \"Mangesh was already popular among school mates and this achievement has made him a hero in the school,\" Kumar adds.Seventeen-year-old Mangesh, a Class XII science student, is the boy school captain who coordinates the different 'houses' and is an active member of the school students' council. His school principal best remembers Mangesh (better known as Arnav to family and relatives) for being the Class X school topper scoring A1 grade in all subjects and for his motivation of younger school mates to take up extracurricular activities.For his classmates, the Porvorim lad is the role model who motivates them to set higher goals; while his teachers say Mangesh is the student whose constant queries make teaching a worthwhile challenge. \"We have maintained it from the beginning that Mangesh is exceptional. He reads a lot on a wide variety of subjects. He has a good grasping power. Though physics is his favourite subject, his interests are wide. He keeps asking relevant questions in class and it makes teaching challenging. It stimulates the teacher,\" says Mangesh's English teacher P V Sudhakaran.His class teacher V R Radhamani recalls how Mangesh's science project on 'production and use of antimatter' was much advanced for a student his age. \"Mangesh is very mature for his age. He already behaves like a scientist as we sometimes find him suddenly lost in a deep thought process,\" she says.Classmate and friend Sweta Lata says chirpily, \"He has a very pragmatic and practical approach to everything. He has a theory for everything and we debate a lot about whether boys or girls are superior.\" For Donear Rodrigues, Mangesh is the one who makes classes interesting. \"He is very creative and cracks a lot of jokes. He makes class very interactive by asking the teacher a lot of questions. He has made a big impression on all of us after getting the scholarship.\"For neighbour Kinnari Chauhan academics is only one part of Mangesh's versatile personality. \"I feel very proud of him. He excels not only in academics, but in writing, dancing, drawing, martial arts and so many other fields,\" she says fondly.Mangesh's Mumbai-based uncle Sanjeev Nerurkar told TOI, \"We are very proud of him. He has been very consistent and focused. We were expecting success like the scholarship for him. Arnav is very serious about what he wants from life and has been very determined from the time he was a young child.\"Mom Ranjana says Mangesh has always been bold and confident in everything; \"He is always interested in the practical side of learning.\" Dad Avinash adds, \"Mangesh's idea of a job is not about making money, it is about pursuing a passion.\" Although her brother is 11 years younger, Sharvari says of Mangesh, \"He is very mature for his age and we discuss various issues despite our age difference.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17121872", "title": "UP govt transfers Faizabad DM, SSP", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh government on Tuesday replaced the district magistrate and senior superintendent of police of Faizabad. Ajay Shukla will replace Deepak Agarwal as Faizabad DM, while, Dharmendra Singh will be the new SSP in place of Ramit Sharma. However, what actually came as a surprise was that the law and order department of the state police has been taken away from additional director general (law and order) Jagmohan Yadav.Senior IPS officer Jagmohan Yadav was among the first few bureaucrats of the state who were posted by the chief minister Akhilesh Yadav himself within days of the SP government coming to power on March 15, 2012. The move came as an indicator of the officer's clout within the SP. However his removal from the post of the head of law and order department of the state police has come as a surprise for many. The government is yet to decide on his replacement.A section of the officers believe that the move has come in line with the CM's claim that no one will be spared for his or her failure to perform (irrespective of the officer's relations with the government leadership). Law and order is seen as one of the most important wing of the state police, as it directly controls the law and order situation in the state. Apart from the law &amp; order department, Jagmohan Yadav was also the head of the state crime, Special Task Force and Anti-Terror Squad of the Uttar Pradesh Police, which he retains as reports suggested.The transfers are seen as result of the October 24 communal flare-up in Faizabad in which one person was killed and property worth crores gutted. The state government had to face a lot of flak for its failure to control communal violence in the state, as Faizabad violence happens to be the eighth such incident since the Samajwadi Party came to power on March 15, 2012. What landed the government in a fix was the comparison that not a single communal riot was reported during the five-year regime of Bahujan Samaj Party.After the formation of the government, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav had said that he would hold the DM and SSP responsible for any communal riot in any district. In most of the cases, where communal riots were reported, action followed against the district administrative and police chiefs of the district either immediately after the violence broke out or once the situation was brought back to normal. There were instances where no action was initiated against the administrative and police heads of the district, particularly in cases where the violence was promptly dealt with and the authorities did not allow the situation to deteriorate.Additional DM Srikant Misra, additional SP (Faizabad) Ranji Singh Yadav, city magistrate Tilak Dhari Yadav and incharge of the Faizabad's Kotwali police station inspector Khullar Yadav were suspended by the government a day after the clashes broke out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17124211", "title": "Robbers attack, rob Aquem woman", "text": "MARGAO: Three unidentified culprits gained entry into a flat at Aquem, Margao, on Tuesday evening after hitting the elderly woman occupant with a cricket bat and decamped with valuables worth 1.5 lakh.Police sources informed TOI that 60-year-old Girija Bhattarai, was alone in her apartment in Damodar housing society, Aquem, on Tuesday evening, when she opened the door of her flat after someone rang the doorbell. Three unidentified men came in and introduced themselves as computer technicians. Before, she could realize what was happening, one among them, picked up a cricket bat and hit Bhattarai on her head. Bhattarai collapsed. The accused removed all the ornaments she was wearing and fled.After sometime, her neighbours noticed Bhattarai lying in a pool of blood and rushed her to the hospital. She was discharged after being administered medical aid.Police suspect that the culprits had come to her flat earlier, as Bhattarai said the faces looked familiar to her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17124471", "title": "Diminishing demand leaves earthen diyas in the dark", "text": "KANPUR: The festival of Diwali is synonymous with earthen 'diyas' (lamps). The festival used to be an opportunity for potters to do brisk business, but the craftsmen are finding themselves out of work this year, reason being falling demand for traditional 'diyas'. Designer and decorative ones are fast replacing the good old plain ones.Till two years back, the earthen diyas would pile up on roadsides even a fortnight before Diwali. These makeshift markets of clay art would be set up in the bylanes on the road towards Rawatpur, loaded with brightly-painted or plain diyas, lanterns, clay idols, pots, terracotta items, wind chimes, etc.The potters also brought artistic objects from Lucknow, Kolkata, Gorakhpur and Rajasthan and sell them here. But all this is a thing of past now. The lanes are deserted and bereft of pottery shops.According to the potters, inflation has taken the sparkle out of Diwali. This festival is losing sheen with each passing year. The other reason is the fast pace life and high cost of raw materials which has caused a major slump in sale of diyas.\"Diwali, which once upon a time put smiles on our faces, has rendered us penniless now. We have been in the pottery business for several generations but are forced to lead our kids to some other occupation as there is no money and charm left in this work,\" said Mangal, an artisan at GT Road.He added there was a time when he along with seven other families of his friends used to start making 'diyas' four to five months before Diwali and sell lakhs of them in one season. But now these potters are starving as not more than 1,000 of them are sold in the entire season.\"The worst part is we are not paid at the time of giving 'diyas' to the wholesaler. He pays us only when the item is sold. We get Rs 20 to Rs 25 per 100 'diyas' from the wholesaler, who sells them at double the price,\" added Mangal.Similar is the plight of Rajendra (38), who has taken over his forefathers' pottery business of over 200 years. According to him, their business is finished. \"Prices of inputs like soil, sand, coal and wood, plus transportation cost, have increased four to five times in the last decade. On the other hand, 'diya' prices have gone up from Rs 10 to just Rs 25 per 100. On the other hand, the demand has slumped to less than a quarter,\" said Rajendra, adding, these factors have made majority of potters of his community abandon the business in the last one decade.\"Chinese lamps have ruined our business. Earlier, we used to get orders for 'diyas' three to four months before Diwali. But now, till date, I have no orders in hand,\" said Radha (15) who is learning to make earthen lamps from her father Rajendra.Moreover, this pottery trade is not only vanishing due to diminishing demand of earthen diyas but also other objects like the clay 'gullaks' (piggy banks), gudiyas (dolls) and kitchen sets. Even the demand for 'kullhad' (earthen tea cups) and other pots hardly picks up even in summer season.The decline in the interest for buying earthen lamps, use of electric lights and 'jhalars' and the rising cost of 'chikni mitti' are some reasons behind the dying traditional art form of clay pottery. Potters rue the fact that people have developed liking for Chinese electric lamps and 'jhalars' which sell like hot cakes during Diwali.\"Now, people prefer Chinese lights over 'diyas', and those who go for 'diyas' mostly prefer designer ones. Those too, they buy only in sets of five or 10. Even kids today don't like 'chakiya-chulha' and earthen gullaks. This is why young potters are not keen to learn specialised pottery making. The kids only make diyas which are at least in demand compared to the other things,\" said Nandu, a 60 years old potter with three sons in the same trade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17121361", "title": "50 years of Saraighat bridge", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Saraighat bridge on the Brahmaputra not only connects the northeast with the rest of the country, but it has also been instrumental in strengthening the bond among the seven NE states. Built after a relentless struggle by the people of Assam, the rail-cum-road bridge completed 50 years of its existence recently.Constructed at a cost of Rs 10.6 crore between 1959 and 1962 by Hindustan Construction Company , the bridge is still in good shape for future use, said experts.Speaking on the golden jubilee celebrations of the Saraighat bridge organized by the Railways here, Assam governor J B Patnaik and chief minister Tarun Gogoi on Tuesday spoke highly of the role played by the bridge in ushering in a new era in the history of the region.Patnaik suggested that the bridge be renamed as Lachit Borphukan bridge. Borphukan was the general of the Ahom army which had resisted the entry of the Mughals beyond Gauhati (now Guwahati) in the Battle of Saraighat in 1671.\"The contribution of the Saraighat bridge in improving the lives of the people of Assam and in the development of the northeast is immense. The first goods train had passed the Saraighat bridge on October 31, 1962. It is the lifeline of the Railways and connects the region with the rest of India,\" said Nripen Bhattacharya, public relations officer of NF Railway.Along with railway technicians, experts from IIT Guwahati who had examined the bridge just before the completion of 50 years said the bridge was in fine condition, he said.The bridge proved to be of immense help during the Sino-Indian war, which broke out soon after completion of the Saraighat bridge.\"The bridge was just completed. As the Indian soldiers were braving the bullets of the Chinese, arms and ammunition along with food items were being transported to the battle front by means of the Saraighat bridge. The bridge has also played a vital role in the economic growth of Assam's economy,\" said historian Kumudeswar Hazarika.The Saraighat bridge stretches for 4258 ft and the double-line meter gauge line, which had been laid down in 1959, was converted to single broad gauge track later. The road on the bridge is 24 ft wide. There is a six ft wide pavement on either side.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17121051", "title": "Colourful America poised to give Barack Obama second chance", "text": "WASHINGTON: After an epic two-year, $ 2 billion campaign, first indications that President Barack Obama may ward off the challenge from Republican Mitt Romney came from the tiny hamlet of Dixville Notch in New Hampshire that traditionally votes at midnight on Election Day under the glare of television cameras and worldwide attention.The community's 10 voters split 5-5 between Obama and Romney, suggesting a cliff-hanger. But considering Dixville Notch has voted Republican for the last 40 years barring in 2008, the news was not good for Romney. A second New Hampshire town with midnight voting, the slightly more populous Hart's Location (32 votes) went 23-9 for Obama, pointing to the uphill task before Romney, although neither communities are nationwide indicators.Thus did the world's most influential democracy begin voting on Tuesday to choose between two men offering contrasting ways to arrest America's decline. Poll pundits, stat wizards, internet trolls, tea leaves readers' all leaned towards a second term for President Obama, primarily a government interventionist, although there were caveats about \"organic enthusiasm\" and \"hidden votes\" for Romney, a buccaneering free-market advocate.In fact, the success of government intervention is what is likely to propel Obama to a second term even as polls showed Romney's momentum slacking off in the final days before voting. The President's risky auto bailout and his tireless rant against outsourcing and flight of manufacturing jobs is what is expected to land the him blue collar votes of Ohio and Pennsylvania, giving him the two big toss-up states and the presidency even if he loses Florida, which along with New York is the biggest prize after California (55) and Texas (38) in terms of electoral votes weight.In fact, such is the importance of Ohio and Pennsylvania to the result that Romney made a last-hour dash to these states to gin up support after he and his wife cast their votes near their home in Belmont, Massachusetts (unlike in India, there is no cooling off period in campaigning). Although there is much talk of \"organic enthusiasm\" among Republicans, the party appears to be in awe of the Democratic Party's \"mechanical machine\" that ensures a solid turnout of their poor, minority, and women-oriented vote bloc.That ability to crank up their party faithful is evident in the small lead that Democrats have notched up in early voting; some 25% of eligible voters (including President Obama himself) have already cast their ballots before Election Day.But Republicans haven't lagged behind much this time (unlike in 2008) and Romney's final hour campaigning showed urgency and desperation, rather than hopelessness that often characterizes a one-sided contest. In fact, Republican stalwarts, Newt Gingrich among them, are still forecasting not just a win but a landslide by 300 plus electoral votes for Romney.If that happens, many liberal pundits who have been talking election turkey will be eating crow well into Thanksgiving.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17124648", "title": "Tripathi challenges final report in investigating officer case", "text": "KANPUR: Complainant in the Amar Singh money laundering case on Tuesday moved a protest petition in the court of the district judge questioning the validity of the final report filed in the case lodged by him against the investigating officer (IO) whom he had accused of colluding with the SP leader.Shivakant Tripathi, in that complaint had alleged that former Samajwadi Party (SP) leader Amar Singh had misused his office during his stint as chairman of the Uttar Pradesh Development Council and was involved in a Rs 500 crore scam. It was also alleged that huge amount of money was laundered by floating 55 companies that were later merged. The case lodged by Babupurwa police on October 15, 2009, included charges under Prevention of Money Laundering Act and Prevention of Corruption Act.Tripathi had lodged a complaint against IO Ramesh Chandra Azad -- a sub-inspector in the Economic Offences Wing of the CB-CID -- at the Hazratganj police station in Lucknow on July 10, 2011, stating that Azad (IO in the case against Amar Singh) had colluded with the accused with an intention to give illegal benefit to him.He not only favoured the accused but also used humiliating notes in his investigation reports that were government documents. Tripathi claimed that though the IO never recorded his statement, he fabricated the same in his report. Therefore, a report against Azad, who was also known as Chaudhary Ramesh Singh, be registered and the matter should be investigated.Shiv Naraian investigated the case and submitted his final report, which is also known as closure report, in the court of Kanpur district judge on October 3.Judge of the designated Prevention of Corruption Act and district judge, O P Verma, ordered to register it as miscellaneous case and issued notice to the complainant.Interestingly, Amar Singh who was the main accused in case, applied for a copy of the final report on October 11 and the court fixed next date as November 6 for the disposal of the final report.Shiv Narain, who investigated the charges against Azad, stated in his closure report that he did not find any evidence in support of the claims made by Tripathi. \"All the charges levelled against Azad have been found to be incorrect and there is no need for further investigation. Hence, a closure report is being filed,\" Shiv Narain had stated.Shivakant Tripathi appeared in the court on November 5 and filed his protest. The court fixed November 29 as the next date for hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17123088", "title": "Three years rigorous imprisonment for private bus driver", "text": "KOCHI: Killer drivers of private buses, who indulge in rash driving claiming the lives of innocent people on city roads, have finally started facing the music with the law taking a tough stand against them.In a first of its kind judgment in the city, a private bus driver was convicted and sentenced to three years' rigorous imprisonment in connection with an accident in which a 59-year-old man died.Ernakulam assistant sessions court judge E C Harigovindan has sentenced the driver under section 304/part II of the Indian Penal Code to three years rigorous imprisonment. The judge also imposed a fine of Rs one lakh on the driver, Sirajudeen (35) of Padinjarekarayyil Veedu, Vaduthala Jetty P O, Cherthala. The fine amount should be given to the family of the victim. If the convict fails to deposit the money, he will have to spend an additional nine months in prison.It was on September 10, 2009 that the private bus driven by Sirajudeen ran over Antony (59) of Chandanatheel Veedu, Vettikkal in Mannuthy (Thrissur). The accident occurred around 11.45am when Antony was standing in Kaloor. According to the prosecution represented by additional public prosecutor Premson Manjamattom, Sirajudeen was driving rashly and the accident occurred owing to carelessness on his part.\"This is the first time that a severe punishment has been awarded in an accident case involving a private bus. Police probed the case in detail and submitted all evidences before the court,\" Premson said.Vigilance DySP K R Venugopalan, who was the then circle inspector of Edapally traffic station, said the judgment would have a deterrent effect on private bus drivers who drive rashly through the city roads. \"There are a lot of accidents taking place in the city that involve private buses. Only if the law acts tough will the drivers feel that they cannot get away easily,\" the officer said.As per the statistics with police, of the 1,986 accident cases reported in the city in 2011, private buses were involved in 285; and 1,912 accidents occurred due to rash and negligent driving.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17123447", "title": "Punjab may export power to Pakistan", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab deputy chief minister Sukhbir Singh Badal , who is on a visit to Pakistan, on Tuesday said the state would be in a position to export electricity as it was going to become power surplus soon. However, Badal junior added that power export to Pakistan would depend upon an approval from the government of India.A statement issued by the Punjab government on Tuesday said Badal, who met Shahbaz Sharif , the chief minister of eastern Punjab province, over lunch at latter's residence in Lahore on Tuesday, also offered technical know-how in the power sector to solve the chronic power shortage in Eastern Punjab.Offering cooperation in giving technical support to eastern Punjab in power, renewable energy besides providing latest research inputs in agriculture sector, Badal said during the meeting, \"Punjab government has taken substantial initiatives in thermal power by adding 3920 MW generation capacity.\"Badal said there was also a lot of potential in boosting potato and vegetable export to Pakistan.Advocating greater trade ties between SAARC countries, Badal said India and Pakistan must learn from European Union experiment and take steps to boost mutual industrial and trade ties keeping aside the differences.Sharif said trading activities should be encouraged through Wagah border. \"Why should we adopt circuitous route of Mumbai-Karachi that raise the prices of inputs due to extra carriage cost when we can directly import through Wagah border,\" said Sharif.Meanwhile, Badal also attended the prize distribution function of Asia Kabaddi Cup in Lahore. Badal also invited Shahbaz as the chief guest in the next season of World Cup Kabaddi tournament.On the occasion, Badal said there was an urgent need to organize games between the teams of Eastern and Western Punjab more frequently to give exposure to budding players and nurture them for international experience.Inking trade tiesLahore chamber of commerce and industry (Lon Tuesday signed MoU with the Punjab chapter of PHD Chamber of Commerce and Industry (PHDCCI) to strengthen trade and commerce ties between both countries. The MoU was singed by LCCI chairman Aftab Ahmed Vohra and PHDCCI chairman (Punjab) Rajiv Bali. Describing it as a historic day in the history of Indo-Pak relations, Punjab deputy CM Sukhbir Badal said it was for the first time that both chambers of commerce have joined hand and they would work in tandem with both countries to give a fillip to Indo-Pak trade. Earlier, industry leaders participating in the discussion sought easy Visa clearance for trade and commerce, allowing trade in local currency, adopting cluster approach for industrialization, both countries allowing FDI in their each others industry besides enactment of an arbitration procedure to resolve business disputes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17124232", "title": "Boost for Chautala ahead of IOA elections", "text": "NEW DELHI: Abhay Singh Chautala got a huge boost on Tuesday when presidents of three sports federations threw their weight behind him ahead of the November 25 Indian Olympic Association (IOA) elections.While announcing that they would be extending \"unconditional support\" to prospective presidential candidate Chautala, the three said in a mail sent to the media that the other likely candidate, Randhir Singh, should not contest the polls and rather guide the IOA in an advisory capacity.Akhilesh Das Gupta, BP Baisya and Brij Bhushan Sharan Singh, all MPs belonging to different parties and presidents of Badminton Association of India, Weightlifting Federation and Wrestling Federation respectively, said in the mail: \"We all wish that the Indian Olympic Association (IOA) should attain new heights by becoming more effective, professional and resourceful. Therefore, we feel that a young, dynamic and resourceful person should be there to become the president of IOA. In view of this, we extend full unconditional support to Shri Abhay Singh Chautala for the post of President, IOA, so that he may take IOA to new horizons of success in future. We also request all our fellow members to support him.\"They added: \"We have very high respect for Randhir Singh. But as we all know, he had himself announced his retirement and written to each and every member association that he would not contest for any post any more. Therefore, we also request Randhir Singh that he should guide IOA in advisory capacity.\"We suggest and request him it would be appropriate and ethical to stick to his words and, therefore, should not contest for any post.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17123392", "title": "Snakes feast on garbage city\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s rats", "text": "BANGALORE: After rats, it's snakes. Bangalore's growing rat colonies among the garbage piles are luring snakes which feed on them.The sudden appearance of the reptiles in some residential areas has sparked off an alarm in a city struggling to deal with diseases spawned by garbage.The BBMP control room registered a marked increase in complaints about the appearance of snakes.\"We usually get about 15-20 calls a month from residential areas to capture snakes. Now we get at least three complaints a day from across the city,\" said a control room official.A few days ago, Sharat Babu, an environmental adviser with the BBMP's environment cell, rescued a red sand boa in Vyalikaval. On Tuesday, the BBMP received a call from residents of Police Quarters, Marappana Palya, Malahakshmi Layout, that a snake had been sighted.\"Around 9am, women from our quarters spotted a snake moving around. We called the BBMP control room, which gave us a snake-catcher's number. It wasn't of much help,\" said Chenna Byregowda, a driver who lives in Marappana Palya.Byregowda said this was the first time a snake had been sighted here. \"I don't know what the cause is, but there's a sudden increase in rodents in our area.\" He confirmed that waste collection is irregular, and there's a huge garbage heap next to the quarters.BBMP loses track of snake plaintsThe failure to dispose of solid waste effectively has led to a new problem: snakes in the city. BBMP claims its control room receives two or three complaints a day about snakes being sighted. BBMP's role is limited: it provides phone numbers of snakecatchers and there ends the issue. \"Ideally, snake-catchers should report to us, but they don't do so regularly . We don't have a record of what happened to the complaints received,\" a control room official pointed out.According to Sharat Babu, environmental adviser with the BBMP's environment cell, rats attract snakes which feed on them. \"Rodents mate only when they find enough food around. They appear wherever there are garbage heaps and multiply,\" he added.Ten months ago, a pourakarmika found a box in a garbage heap in Yelahanka and opened it to find a 9-foot long python in it. Ironically , rats also render snakes impossible to catch. \"If a snake enters a rat hole, it's not easy to catch it. At times, rat holes span a length of around 0.5km,\" said Deepak Reddy , who works with the BBMP wildlife rescue team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "barnala", "code": "17123372", "title": "5-year-old abducted girl traced; 2 held", "text": "BARNALA: The Barnala police on Tuesday traced a five-year-old girl, who was abducted from her house in Tapa village near Barnala, and arrested a bangle seller and her accomplice.The girl, Khushboo, had gone missing since November 3 when her grandmother Angrej Kaur had gone to a nearby shop. Khushboo was staying with her father Sunil Kumar and grandmother, after her parents' divorce.Barnala SSP Snehdeep Sharma said, \"After Sunil left for work on November 3 morning, Angrej Kaur went out to buy grocery. On her return, she found the girl missing.\" Following a complaint by Sunil, Tapa DSP Harwinder Singh Virk and SHO Sanjiv Singla formed teams and sent them to various places.The SSP said Sunil on Monday approached police and told them that a bangle seller had visited the area along with a male accomplice on November 3. Following this, the police on Tuesday arrested the woman and her accomplice from nearby Handiaya village and recovered the girl. Those arrested have been identified as Daropadi of Barnala and Buta Singh of Handiaya. Both have been arrested and a case has been registered against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17124534", "title": "Bandra rape: Crucial piece of evidence still missing", "text": "MUMBAI: Anwar Mohammed Ansari aka Chor Badshah was arrested on Tuesday for allegedly raping and robbing a Spanish musician in her Bandra flat. \"We are making a strong case against Ansari to ensure his conviction with the help of evidence. We asked the officer to handle the investigation carefully and not share sensitive information which can affect the case,\" said a senior police officer. The police have to move fast as the 27-year-old Spaniard, who was in India on an exchange programme to study music, will leave in a week. As a first step, cops will conduct an identification parade in jail where the victim needs to identify the accused.Ansari is proving to be a toughened criminal although circumstantial evidence goes against him; he had not cooperated with the cops till late on Tuesday . On Monday, he had taken away the night gown of his rape victim, which is a crucial piece of evidence in the case. Ansari apparently wiped himself down with it after the rape and asked her to clean herself too. He will be produced in court on Wednesday.Police say his modus operandi\u00e2\u20ac\u201dwhich led the police to him this time\u00e2\u20ac\u201dis to work alone and target houses by climbing drain pipes.He walked out on bail a few days after being arrested on October 28 when the cellphone tracker of the mobile he had stolen from actor Dino Morea's house gave him away. The night before, Morea had spotted him in his house and chased him, but the thief had shinned down a drain pipe from the bathroom window and fled. Within 24 hours, the police recovered valuables worth Rs 12 lakh and arrested Ansari, but shoddy investigation allowed him to walk out and commit a more heinous crime.Around 2.30am on Monday, Ansari first tried to rob a bungalow , but was shooed away by a worker and entered the 4th floor flat of Neela D'Souza , 79, in the adjoining building and stole Rs 5,000, said the police. Then he targeted the third floor flat of the expat student, who was alone because her flat mate is travelling. Flashing a knife taken from her kitchen, he asked for her valuables as she woke up. Stunned, the Spaniard still managed to run out and knock on a neighbour's door, but they were not in. Ansari is accused of dragging her back into the flat and raping her twice before she went to the toilet, locked herself in and began screaming for help.Almost an hour later, residents of her building heard the screams around 4.30am and called the police. In the meantime , police said, Ansari slipped away with a few Euros, some rupees and a camera.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "17121150", "title": "Army commanders' meet begins at Ramgarh", "text": "RAMGARH: The 35th army battalion commanders' biennial conference and 13th post war reunion of the 167 year old Sikh Regiment began here on Tuesday. The five-day military ceremony will conclude on November 10 with various programmes being held.As many as 150 serving and retired military officers arrived here to join the ceremony including general officers commanding from various parts of the country.Brigadier Pushkar Hiteshi of Sikh Regimental Centre said the five-day military ceremony began with ceremonial parade of 300 recruits of the regiment inthe parade ground, while chief guest of the ceremony,Lt Gen Sumer Singh paid tribute to the martyrs at the regiment's war memorial.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17122176", "title": "Stone observatory in offing at Lonar", "text": "PUNE: In a bid to promote tourism, a stone observatory has been proposed at the famous Lonar crater site in Buldhana district, near Aurangabad. The observatory will be built on the lines of the well-known Jantar Mantar stone observatory in Jaipur. The Lonar site is the world's third largest meteoritic impact crater.The Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC) has prepared a Rs 5 crore plan, which envisages the observatory, an astronomy museum as well as a telescope worth Rs 1 crore for astronomy enthusiasts at the crater site.MTDC managing director Jagdish Patil told TOI that the crater has a diameter of 2 km and a depth of 170 metres. \"It has great geological and archaeological value not just for Maharashtra but for the entire world. It attracts biologists for the unique bacteria supported by the salt water lake. We are doing everything possible to develop the surroundings of the lake and promote it as a tourist spot,\" he said.The Lonar crater was carved out more than 50,000 years back when a meteorite struck the area. It is the third largest natural salt-water lake after Bosmatvi lake in Ghana, which has a diameter of 10,000 metres, and New Quebec crater in Canada, which has a diameter of 3,500 metres.In the first phase of the project, the MTDC will put in Rs 2 crore for the stone observatory, Patil said. \"Apart from Jaipur, there is a stone observatory in Delhi and one in the US. However, the US observatory is not functioning any more. It will, therefore, be a huge boost to foreign tourism if the observatory is built at Lonar,\" he said.Patil said that the observatory could offer a good study tour for tourists, apart from being of great use for astronomers. \"The area surrounding the crater is mostly owned by villagers and the state government is in the process of acquiring land for development works. The forest department will plant suitable trees around and the offices and houses around the crater will be shifted. The area will be cleared for development works and the construction of the observatory and other tourism activities,\" he said.Patil said the project will be undertaken in association with the Rajiv Gandhi Science and Technology Mission of the Maharashtra government and the Department of Science and Technology of the Union government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17122903", "title": "Congress wants white paper on industry scene", "text": "KOLKATA: The Pradesh Congress on Tuesday demanded that the Trinamool Congress government present a white paper on industrialization in Bengal.\"If the government is confident that industrial infrastructure and investment has improved in the state, then it should publish a white paper,\" WBPCC president Pradip Bhattacharya said at a press meet here. \"Chief minister Mamata Banerjee says industrial investment is being brought to the state but we haven't seen any industry arriving in the 17 months that Trinamool has been in power,\" Bhattacharya said.There was a lack of industry-friendly atmosphere in Bengal under the current regime, he said, adding: No one is willing to come to set up industry in Bengal.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17123208", "title": "Two injured in clash at Katra", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Panic gripped Katra and adjoining areas under Colonelganj police circle on Tuesday after two rivals groups entered a verbal duel and indulged in firing and hurling crude bombs leaving two persons injured. Both were later admitted to SRN hospital for treatment and their condition was stated to be stable. Colonelganj police said trouble started when a group comprising Vijay Tiwari, Kamlesh, Yashpal and others reached Achey Lodge and got into a heated argument with Ajay Singh. Police said Singh, a civil services aspirant staying at the lodge for past couple of months, had organised a 'bhandara' (feast) there and had invited people.Tiwari first entered into an argument with Singh over the function and then took out a country-made gun. The scene took an ugly turn when supporters of one group fired at Singh and injured him. Hearing sounds of bullets, locals and neighbours ran to the spot and caught Singh red-handed. The locals beat him up severely.On receiving information, a team of Colonelganj police rushed to the spot and admitted both the injured persons to SRN hospital for treatment. Police said a live crude bomb was also recovered from the spot.The miscreants, according to police, hurled crude bombs to create panic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17123663", "title": "Ramco Systems widens loss three times to Rs 12.7 crore", "text": "CHENNAI: Enterprise software company Ramco Systems saw a net loss of Rs 12.7 crore in the second quarter of FY13, a further fall from a Rs 3.5 core loss in the same quarter last year. Revenues of the company however went up 23% to Rs 60.5 crore from Rs 54.6 crore last year.International markets like the US, Canada, Switzerland, Singapore, Malaysia, South Africa and Dubai contributed 43% to overall revenues, according to a statement from the company. The company is positioning its cloud computing product as a global product, and took its Ramco ERP on Cloud on Amazon Web Services platform global during the quarter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17124701", "title": "Diwali day solar eclipse to spare India", "text": "MUMBAI: A total solar eclipse will envelop parts of the US, Australia and New Zealand on Diwali day. Festivities in India will continue as usual given that the celestial event will not be visible in this part of the world.Scientist Bharat Adur who heads the Akash Ganga observatory Mumbai says the solar eclipse will begin at 1.08am IST on the intervening night of November 13-14 and end at 6.15am. Diwali Amavasya falls November 13, while Lakshmi puja will be performed the following day.Acharya Ravindra Nagar of New Delhi says, a\u00c5\u201cThe total solar eclipse will not affect Lakshmi puja in India since its shadow will not span our country. Where it is visible people may defer the rituals until it passes.aAdur points out that the western world will have the opportunity to see two eclipses this November. A fortnight after Diwali Amavasya, a lunar eclipse will occur on Purnima day, November 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17122483", "title": "Missing IT expert traced in Pune", "text": "NEW DELHI: Almost 15 months after a young cyber expert went missing from his residence at Safdarjung Enclave leading to serious questions on police investigations, the special unit of the Crime Branch has found him in Pune.Cops said that 20-year-old Anuj Bharadwaj - the son of a leading businessman residing in south Delhi - had gone missing mysteriously on August 1 last year.\"We received a tip-off that he was in Pune and was in touch with some of his friends in the Netherlands. Setting up technical surveillance, we tracked him down and brought him to the city on Monday,'' said a senior Crime Branch officer.His family, including the young man's mother, a senior employee at the Union Health Ministry, had earlier demanded fresh investigations after the Safdarjung police failed to make much headway.According to Crime Branch sources, Bharadwaj's statement before the magistrate has established that he had left of his own free will and was not kidnapped as was initially suspected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "17123044", "title": "Women not safe inside colleges too", "text": "MOHALI: Women are not safe in and around their educational institutes too.Figures obtained from Tricity police show that of the 27 incidents of crime against women reported in the last two months, 18 had college girls as victims. The crimes included outraging modesty, sexual harassment and assault, among others.The recent molestation of two girls of Chandigarh Group of Colleges, Landran, Mohali, has shaken the faith of women that they are safe in their educational institutes. Besides being molested, the two hostellers were also attacked by about six of the college students during the institute's annual function ''Parivartan'' on Saturday night.The first such attack in recent times was reported near Post-graduate Government College for Girls, Sector 42, on September 9. Three youths had attacked and molested a girl before trying to kidnap her in their car.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "17122124", "title": "Girl trying to crossover to PoK to meet Facebook friend held, released", "text": "JAMMU: A 22-year-old woman was detained close to the Line of Control in Jammu &amp; Kashmir's Poonch district as she was planning to crossover to PoK to meet a man she had befriended over the Facebook.Sources said the woman was detained on Monday evening and Rs 11,000 and a cell phone were recovered from her.Poonch SSP Shamsheer Hussain confirmed her detention and said she was handed over to her family after some legal formalities. \"It is difficult to get cellular service signals in Poonch and I wonder how come the people like the girl got internet connection in the remote area. During questioning, the girl seemed frustrated over some personal family reasons which forced her to run away,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17121634", "title": "HC seeks govt\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s reply on fuel surcharge adjustment levy", "text": "HYDERABAD: Justice C V Nagarjuna Reddy of the high court on Tuesday asked the State Electricity Regulatory Commission and Central Power Distribution Company Ltd to spell their stand on a petition that challenged their power to impose additional charges in the name of fuel surcharge adjustment (FSA) in current bills of consumers. The judge gave the authorities 10 days to file their replies and said that there would be no extension as the time for paying electricity bills for the current month would expire.The petitioner, A Biksham, a private employee and resident of Bagh Amberpet here described the permission given to the power distribution company by regulatory commission to collect FSA for the months of April, May and June of 2012 from the current bills as unlawful. Appearing for the petitioner, senior counsel S Ramachandra Rao said that the bills for the said three months were already paid by consumers. \"Levying FSA retrospectively and a quasi judicial body like regulatory commission allowing it is nothing but official extortion,\" the senior counsel said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17122250", "title": "Woman duped of Rs 2.35 lakh", "text": "PUNE: A 41-year-old woman from Wanowrie was cheated of her ornaments worth Rs 2.35 lakh by a man who promised to help her purchase a flat in Mumbai.Though the incident took place on October 22, the woman approached the police only on Monday because she had to be hospitalized after going into a state of shock.Sub-inspector S N Hulwan of the Wanowrie police station said the woman got to know the suspect, Arif Khan, through a matrimonial site. \"A female relative of the woman had put an advertisement in a newspaper, seeking a suitable matrimonial match. The relative had given the woman's mobile phone number in the advertisement for correspondence. When Khan called up on the number, the woman said her female relative had already found a match and was now married. Khan then requested the woman to find a suitable match for him. He struck a friendship with her as they started chatting online regularly. They also met a couple of times in Pune and Mumbai,\" Hulwan said.Khan had told the woman that he ran a business in Canada. He once asked her if she would like to buy his friend's apartment in Marine Drive in Mumbai. When Khan told her that the flat would cost her Rs 2.25 crore, the woman said she didn't have that much money. However, Khan convinced her that they could together pool in money and buy the flat.Hulwan said the woman's financial situation was not as good as it used to be. She used to own a petrol pump near Pune but it has remained shut since the last one year. The woman has two sons, one of whom studies in Mumbai. She thought that buying a flat in Mumbai would be of use to her son. Besides, she also thought she could earn some money by renting out part of the flat.On October 20, the woman took gold ornaments worth Rs 75,000 from her bank locker in Pune. Two days later, Khan accompanied her to Satara where they again collected ornaments worth Rs 1.6 lakh from another bank. Khan and the woman returned to Pune the same day.When they reached Jambhulkar chowk in Wanowrie, Khan told her that he had to go to Indore to attend an urgent business meeting and suggested she go home in an autorickshaw. Khan kept the bag containing the gold ornaments with him and promised that he would return soon. However, there was no sign of him after that, following which the woman went into a state of shock. She later lodged a complaint with the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17123486", "title": "All of us agree with Shashi Tharoor, say experts", "text": "BANGALORE: Union minister of state for higher education Shashi Tharoor slammed the university system at a seminar at New Delhi on Monday. He said it was not producing \"well-educated\" graduates to meet the needs of Indian companies. This, he said, gave firms a chance to enter the sector in the guise of training.He added that the national education policy has been out of step with the times. TOI spoke to experts here for their views.Tharoor is not off the mark. He is right in pointing out that the quality of education in Indian universities is poor. There are many universities coming up in India but none of them have figured in top 100 universities of the world. Even one or two universities of Japan and China figure in such esteemed lists. We are really faring poor in providing quality education and it is revealed only when the graduates get employed. The affiliation system we have is present nowhere else in the world and is a business which increases corruption in education system. Bad education is worse than no education.Dr MS Thimappa | ex-vc bangalore universityWhat the minister has said is what the whole country and 90% of people who are in the higher education system now would agree. The system is sub-standard which has failed to clear the backlog and create new knowledge. The teacher education system itself is lagging behind with private teacher education system being the worst. Government institutions are far better. There are deeper issues that must be understood and examined before coming to conclusion. Bureaucratic process has spoiled the university system with legislation, governance and finance adding to it. The new minister has the additional responsibility to do something though he has very little time.Dilip Ranjekar | ceo, azim premji foundation", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "17122996", "title": "Cops suspect Maoist presence in dist", "text": "MALAPPURAM: Reports about the sighting a group of armed people in Agali forest region have put the police in Nilambur, Mannarkkad, and Agali on alert. Police suspect they could be Maoists.It was two days ago, the tribal people living in the Paloor area of Agali forest informed Agali police about a group of armed persons inside the forest. They wore black coats and carried huge bundles, said the tribal people who went to gather firewood.Talking to TOI, Agali circle inspector Manojkumar said that the area is only one kilometer away from the forest border.\"It is not the first time we have received such information. But we take the matter seriously and will take proper action to find out the truth behind it,\" the CI said.A police team headed by SI of Paloor has already conducted searches in the area.Earlier, there were reports that Maoists had spread their activities among the tribal people in Nilambur, Wayanad and Agali.The Maoists were said to be planning to win over the hearts of the tribal people in the Gudallur region in Tamil Nadu. Following this forest and police departments of both Tamil Nadu and Kerala conducted raids inside the forest several times during the past six months.Divisional forest officer Nilambur A Rajan said that the forest officials in Nilambur were on high alert following reports about the Maoist presence in the region.\"The forest department's team has already conducted searches in Agali and Silent Valley region,\" he said.In July, a joint team of police and forest department officials had conducted a detailed search inside the forest region of Nilambur following reports that two Maoists were killed in the forest in an encounter with the special police force. But they could not find anything.Meanwhile, police have already launched many interactive programmes with tribal people in the region as part of the activities to counter the threat from Maoists. By befriending them the police aim to collect detailed information on the presence and activities of Maoists inside the forest.The police team which investigated the arrest of two Maoists from Nilambur area last year had found that the Maoists had extended their activities to Kerala with the help of tribal people.Divisional forest officer (DFO) Nilambur A Rajan has said the forest officials in Nilambur were already on alert as there were reports of Maoist presence in the region. \"The forest department's team has already conducted searches in Agali and Silent Valley region and we are also keeping vigil,\" he said.In July, a joint team of police and forest department officials had conducted a detailed search inside the forest region of Nilambur following media reports that two Maoists were killed in the forest in an encounter with the special police force. But nothing found suspicious.Police have already launched many interaction programmes with tribal people in the region as part of the activities to counter the threat from Maoists. By befriending them the police was aimed to collect detailed information on the illegal activities of Maoists inside the forest. The police team which investigated the arrest of two Maoists from Nilambur area last year had found that the naxals were extending their activities to Kerala with the help of tribal people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17123212", "title": "PWD minister inaugurates public service counter", "text": "ALLAHABAD: During his visit to the city on Tuesday, state PWD minister, Shivpal Singh Yadav inaugurated a public service counter at Vikas Bhawan and also laid ten foundation stones of 23.51 kms road constructed in the Kumbh Mela area at an estimated cost of Rs 22 crore.The minister inspected the roads in the city constructed by PWD and assessed the quality along with senior officials including the district magistrate(DM) and others.He also went to the Saraswati ghat, Quila ghat, Arail ghat and Sangam ghat on a steamer and inspected the whole area.He also inauguarted a mineral water cell at Police Lines.Issuing instructions for completing the work within the given timeframe the minister said that in case the quality of work is not found upto the mark, the executive engineer concerned would face the music. The government would lodge FIR against him and realise funds.Among the roads inspected by the minister included old AG road, Gt road and others where he also inspected the machine used for inspecting the quality of charcoal used in construction of roads.He was accompanied by Vidhan Sabha Speaker, Mata Prasad Pandey alongwith SP MLA's and office bearers and senior officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17124450", "title": "Every lapse, misconduct cannot invite dismissal: HC", "text": "NAGPUR: Granting respite to 11 persons who were removed as trustees from a Gondia-based public trust, the Nagpur bench of Bombay high court has ruled that \"every act or misconduct shouldn't invite the severe punishment of dismissal from job\". \"The punishment of suspension, removal or dismissal, as the case may be, has to be proportionate to the gravity of the charge/charges held to be proved. It is not that every lapse or every act of misconduct invites the punishment of dismissal,\" justice Ravi Deshpande ruled while remanding the dispute back to the joint charity commissioner's office at Nagpur for fresh hearing.The petitioners from Om Shri Sainath Baba Seva Sanstha in Civil Lines area of Gondia had been removed from the post of trustees by the charity commissioner on March 6 through a judgment on application filed by respondent Vinaykumar Mishra under the Bombay Public Trusts Act 1950. Seven charges were framed against them by Mishra in his application, including misappropriation of funds, neglect of duties, and default in submission of accounts/reports. It was also alleged that they had dealt improperly with the property of the trust and also violated the rules and regulations of the trust.The commissioner's order held that the appellants Santoshkumar Pande and others had committed persistent default in submission of audit reports, neglected their duties and improperly dealt with the property of the trust. On this basis, they were dismissed.Pande and other trustees then approached the higher judiciary challenging the commissioner's order. Though the case was heard several times and adjourned for exploring the possibility of a settlement, both parties failed to reach a settlement.The appellants claimed that the commissioner has failed to apply his mind to the aspect of proportionality of punishment. They contended that the provisions of the Bombay Public Trusts Act deal with suspension, removal and dismissal of the trustee. However, while imposing any one of these, the commissioner had to see that the punishment imposed was proportional to the charges held and proved.\"There is no consideration of proportionality of punishment nor are reasons recorded to impose the punishment of dismissal. The judgment and order passed by the charity commissioner of dismissing the appellants as trustees cannot be sustained and have to be quashed and set aside,\" justice Deshpande observed.The judge directed the commissioner to consider the aspect of proportionality of punishment on the basis of the charges held to be proved and pass appropriate order within six months. Both parties were told to appear before the charity commissioner on November 20.(With inputs from Poorva Rathi)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17124217", "title": "Good news for college teachers on contract", "text": "PANAJI: There's some good news for college teachers who are on contract basis. The finance department has approved a proposal to hike the remuneration of teachers with NET/SET to 30,000 and those without to 24,600.Currently it is 27,000 and 21,600, respectively. This proposal is likely to be confirmed during the next cabinet meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "17121542", "title": "'Met dept lacks technology to predict N-E monsoon'", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Shifting the blame on to the meteorology department for the rain havoc in the state, Revenue minister N Raghuveera Reddy here on Tuesday said that the meteorological department would need another two years to track down north-east monsoon.The met department was presently tracking only south-west monsoon and the Centre had recently granted Rs 400 crore to set up required technology to assess the impact of north-east monsoon as well, he said. Speaking to reporters, he added that the met department had failed to alert the state about the devastating rains that followed cyclone Nilam. It should have alerted the district administration about the areas vulnerable to the cyclone so as to minimise the damage caused. The heavy rains triggered by the cyclone dealt a deadly blow to the farming community in the state, he said and added upon his enquiry it came to light that the met department did not have the wherewithal to gauge the north-east monsoon. The department officials told him that it would take another two years for them to acquire necessary equipment to track north-east monsoon.The minister said initial reports suggested that about 5.25 lakh hectares were inundated in 10 districts and actual crop loss could be assessed only when the flood water receded. Responding to TDP chief Chandrababu Naidu's demand for payment of a compensation of Rs 10,000 per acre, the revenue minister said, \" I welcome it.\" The Congress government would take suggestions from all and do its best to help the victims. However, Raghuveera Reddy wanted to know as to how much compensation Naidu paid when he was the CM for nine years.He said that in addition to payment of crop compensation, the farmers will get their share of insurance , seed subsidy as per the rehabilitation norms. He said that the government would pay Rs 1.5 lakh to the kin of the deceased.Before the arrival of the CM, the revenue minister made a visit of Budameru-hit areas in the city and took stock of the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "17123879", "title": "2 from Ahmedabad held for robbing lecturer", "text": "PALANPUR: The district police on Tuesday nabbed two persons from Ahmedabad, who were allegedly involved in robbing a lecturer of Rs 9 lakh at Jampura locality here last week. The amount has been recovered. Accused Kirit Punambahi Idrekar Chhara and Alpesh Indrekar Chhra are from Kubernagar in Ahmedabad.Banaskantha district superintendent of police Ashok Kumar said, \"The duo was arrested for robbing the lecturer. Further investigation in the case is on\".Mahesh Makwana, a lecturer of a commerce college, was on his way home after withdrawing Rs 9 lakh from Juna Gunj Bazar branch of State Bank of India on November 1 when Kirit Indrekar and Alpesh Indrekar on a motorcycle snatched the bag from the victim's colleague Prof Bipin Dhandhukiya, who was riding pillion on a two-wheeler. Makwana immediately informed the police, who alerted all the police stations in the district.\"Based on CCTV footage, the accused were identified and arrested,\" Kumar said, adding, \"We could reach the accused with the help of Sardar Nagar police in Ahmedabad.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17122971", "title": "430 exhibitors to set shop at CII fair from today", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The CII Chandigarh Fair will commence from Wednesday at the Parade Ground in Sector 17, Chandigarh. The five-day fair - spread over 10,000sqm -will host 430 exhibitors in 13 concurrent shows from November 7 to11. The fair will also include a show called \"Realcon\" focused on real estate industry.Products and services across varied sectors will be available under one roof at the fair. They will include items of home decor, automobiles, handicrafts, electronics, fashion apparel, healthcare, real estate and finance services.CII (NR) regional director Pikender Pal Singh said the government of Jharkhand participated in the fest for the first time.\"We have tied up with NABARD and developed a special package for small scale entrepreneurs and artisans, NGOs, women entrepreneurs and self help groups to give them a platform to showcase and sell their handmade articles at the 'Social Expo' pavilion\", he said.Exhibitors from Goa, Jharkhand, Rajasthan and West Bengal will come with variety of garments like handmade items, suits, saris and other hosiery material. The \"International Arcade\" at the fair will feature products from Pakistan, Afghanistan and Thailand , with more than 100 companies coming in from Pakistan.While the \"North India Auto Show\" will have the latest and most trendy vehicles on display, \"Persona\" and \"Decor\" pavilions would be of particular interest to women, featuring the latest and best in healthcare, beauty and fitness and interior furnishings and bath fittings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17122021", "title": "HC to decide on Patti SDM's fate on November 8", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court has summoned principal secretary (civil supplies), Allahabad divisional commissioner, district magistrate of Pratapgarh and sub-divisional magistrate of Patti on November 8. The court has asked the principal secretary to produce the service file of Patti SDM for perusal to find out whether the officer has become a dead wood and thus can be considered for compulsory retirement from public service.The order came from the bench of Justice Uma Nath Singh and Justice VK Dixit on the petition of Ram Kumar. His lawyer Rajesh Singh Chauhan submitted that the village committee of the petitioner's village had found that the fair price shop licencee of the village had been black-marketing foodgrain and therefore recommended the SDM Patti to cancel his licence. The plea said that despite the court's order and DM's direction, the SDM sat over the files.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17121922", "title": "Diwali bomb: Most trains show 'no room'", "text": "LUCKNOW: Boarding a train to Delhi, post-Diwali will be almost impossible owing to the festive rush. Though Railways has geared to tackle the rush between Lucknow and New Delhi by providing extra coaches in trains, reservation status for at least 90% of the trains between the two cities, a fortnight before Diwali either show no availability of berths or an unending waiting list.Officials have asked for one more special train between Lucknow and New Delhi from the headquarters to run post Diwali. \"We have sent the reminder and by next week, the details will be known,\" said Ashwini Srivastava, senior divisional commercial manager, Lucknow, Northern Railway. There is a huge waiting, upto 1,000 in sleeper class alone in all the Delhi-bound trains taken together, he said. Lucknow division, therefore, has planned to not only run an additional festival special from November 14 to 19, but also augment coaches in trains like Faizabad-Delhi Express and Padmavat Express. The demand for reservation is huge after Diwali, because most of the people will board the trains back to their work after the festival.There are more than dozen trains connecting Lucknow and New Delhi everyday. But, most of these trains have a reservation deadlock between November 14 and November 17 in all classes. Trains like Lucknow Mail, Shatabdi, Vaishali, Lucknow-New Delhi AC Express, Kaifiyat, Vaishali, Gorakhdham, Sapt Kranti, Avadh Assam , Kashi Vishwanath, Shramjeevi, Bihar Sampark Kranti and Padmavat Express, to name a few, had no reservation available in at least one of these classes on any of these days post Diwali.A random check of some of these trains, on Friday, showed the mad scramble for tickets. Shatabdi Express (12003) had a waiting list of 107 for chair car.On November 14 and 15, it showed 'no room' for chair car and first AC class. Lucknow Mail (12229) has a similar crisis post Diwali. The train has 'no reservation' available for its second AC on November 14 and 15, and for third AC, the wait list is as long as 249 and 179 respectively. The train has almost similar situation before the festival. The train has a long waiting list.Gomti Express (12419), Neelanchal Express (12875), New Delhi Duronto (12271), Vaishali Express (12553), Gorakdham Express (12555), Kashi Vishwanath Express (14257), Farakka Express (13483) and Faizabad Delhi Express (14205) also have a long wait list. Trains like Farakka have their 3 AC berths full for November 14, 15 and 17.Though waiting list exists in trains between Lucknow and other prominent cities also, like Mumbai, Ahmedabad, Patna and Kolkata, trains to Delhi have a huge demand for reservation. Pushpak Express (12533), Kushinagar Express (11016), Gorakhpur-LTT Express (12541), Lucknow-Bandra Avadh (19038) and Gorakhpur-LTT special (05031) have a huge waiting list for 3AC, especially on November 14, 15 and 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17121949", "title": "Centre &amp; state at loggerheads over convergence of schemes", "text": "LUCKNOW: War between the Centre and state government over convergence of Rashtriya Swasthya Bima Yojna with Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme, has once again raised its head. Unlike last year, when a war of words ensued between the Centre and UP for its inability to extend health benefits under the Rashtriya Swasthya Bima Yojna (RSBY) to MGNREGS beneficiaries, this time, the state unit of the Congress has alleged that though UP has started work in this direction, it has failed to enlist enough beneficiaries under the centrally-funded scheme.Speaking to TOI, member of All India Congress Committee and chairman, MGNREGS cell of UP Congress Committee, Sanjay Dixit, said, \"It is extremely unfortunate that even though RSBY expanded its wings to include construction workers, railway porters, beedi workers, domestic help and street vendors, UP is among the very few states that has not registered a single person from any of these categories. It is a clear case of the state government machinery denying basic health services to the poorest persons of the society.\" Currently, though, UP government has only issued smart cards to about 27,000 people, none of who fall in the extended categories.Dixit added that UP currently has nearly 35 lakh job cards holders under MGNREGS who have completed the mandatory 15 days work quota. Under the provisions of RSBY, they are eligible to be covered under RSBY.The decision to expand the ambit of RSBY was taken in June 2011. Writing to the UP government, Prabhat Chaturvedi, the then secretary to ministry of labour and employment had written that RSBY facilities had been extended to MGNREGS beneficiaries who have worked for 15 days or more during the preceding financial year including street vendors, beedi workers and domestic workers, construction workers and railway porters. The pattern of funding for all categories, the central government note had said, would be the same that were being offered to BPL families under RSBY.Though Dixit had then complained that the convergence plan had remained a non-starter across UP despite clear directions from the Centre, this time, Dixit has alleged the state government has failed to issue biometric smart cards to all eligible persons under MGNREGS and extend the health benefits to them. \"Congress will take up the matter with the state and will show results in three months,\" Dixit said.The state government, however, has argued the real problem lies with insurance companies who take almost 3-6 months to issue cards to beneficiaries, delaying the procedure. Since benefits can only accrue once the smart cards are issued, the concern state government officials said, has also, already, been raised with the centre.Even though the state government can take penal action against insurance companies, if they fail to meet the stipulated deadlines, the government has failed to initiate stringent steps, except in a handful of cases.Before the central government circular was issued, health benefits under RSBY were only available to BPL families. Under the scheme, each family member was issued a smart card and given a maximum insurance cover of Rs 565 per family per annum.In UP, currently RSBY smart cards have been distributed to a total of 36.02 lakh families and has over 1.08 crore beneficiaries.The state government authorities, however, say that insurance companies renew RSBY smart cards annually, as a result of which, there is a delay in providing insurance cover to beneficiary families. The employment guarantee scheme, on the other hand, provides employment to nearly 15 lakh households.Under the new guidelines, the Centre has set up detailed steps that need to be taken at the panchayat and district levels, apart from those that need to be undertaken by the state nodal agency. At the panchayat level, officials had to draw up a list of MGNREGS beneficiary families, eligible for RSBY cover. After comparing this data with the existing BPL list, panchayat officials have to draw up a consolidated list of eligible families, after removing instances of duplicity. The district level officers, after merging all panchayat data, then pass the consolidated data, electronically to the state nodal agency, which in turn transfers it to the RSBY data template on the central government website.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17121350", "title": "Assam Agitation benefited only middle class: Akhil Gogoi", "text": "GUWAHATI: RTI activist and former member of Team Anna, Akhil Gogoi, said that the six-year anti-foreigner movement in the '80s was a middle class-inspired agitation that benefited that class. He added it totally sidelined the economic issues of the state and did nothing for the downtrodden.In an interview with TOI on the eve of a two-day national conclave here on infiltration that started on Wednesday, Akhil said his organisation Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS)'s next agenda would be to make the issue a people's movement in which the deprived masses, irrespective of their religious and ethnic identities, take part and strive to find a solution objectively. Anti-graft activist Anna Hazare and a host of other activists will take part in the conclave.Akhil explained that the Assam Accord signed in 1985 after the end of the Assam Movement did not deal with some of the vital economic issues of the state like land reforms and large-scale irrigation to boost the agriculture-based economy.\"The Assam Accord has no mention of establishment of educational infrastructure for the benefit of poor and backward children. Instead, an IIT and a central university were demanded in the accord. On the economic front, it is confined to Numaligarh Refinery and the gas cracker project. Ideologically, the accord was pro-corporate one,\" said Akhil.He added the Assam Agitation created a concept of \"'we' versus 'they' nationalism\", through which a division was created in the society, subsequently resulting in many communities, especially the tribals, moving away from mainstream Assamese society.\"In a nutshell, the Assam movement was a middle-class one and benefited the middle class. The common and downtrodden people were only used in the movement. Tribals later felt alienated. The economic question was completely overlooked and, instead, a division was created in the society. The movement was more or less remained confined to 'we' versus 'they',\" Akhil maintained.However, Akhil said the people's movement against the influx problem will not tread religious, linguistic or ethnic lines. He added the effort will be to bridge the divisions created among the communities post the Assam Agitation and solving the problem of infiltration.\"We do not want to see the foreigner problem from the angle of religion, language or ethnicity. There will be space for the aspiration of lower class and indigenous people. Ours will be a humanistic and objective approach towards solving the influx problem,\" Akhil said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17123312", "title": "Parking bay work in Lalbagh suspended", "text": "BANGALORE: Construction of a parking bay at Lalbagh was suspended on Wednesday, hours after The Times of India had reported stiff opposition to the project from walkers and environmentalists.Confirming the decision to suspend work, the horticulture department -- the caretaker of the garden -- said an expert committee would be constituted to look into the issue and based on its recommendations, a call would be taken.Environmentalists feel people are the best judges on the necessity of a parking lot inside Lalbagh. \"The department and government should have a public dialogue before allowing such work,\" said Vinay Sreenivasa of Hasiru Usiru, an NGO. \"There is no need for a parking lot inside Lalbagh which will eat into one of the city's precious lung spaces. There is a crowd at Lalbagh only for about 30 days a year during the flower shows, when alternative arrangements can be made,\" he pointed out.The horticulture department, however, said they were perfectly in the right in taking up the project which only proposed to efficiently utilize the space already being used for parking. Officials said they had been receiving complaints that the parking area gets slushy during rain.\"The Suvarna Karnataka Udyana Pratishthana committee formed by the horticulture minister in June 2011 took the decision to cement the parking area. Visitors to Lalbagh requested us and even mailed higher officials and the minister for proper parking space,\" said HM Krishnappa, deputy director, horticulture, Lalbagh.Hundreds of walkers are relieved that their green haunt is safe, for now. \"We will oppose any concreting inside the gardens. We planted saplings here last year and wouldn't like trees to be cut,\" said Prof P Sadashiv, president, Lalbagh Walkers' Association.ON THE PANELThe committee will comprise a scientist, botanist and an archaeologist. It has not been given a timeframe to submit its report.PART OF OUR LIVESIn the 1940s, I lived with my parents on Krumbiegel Road next to Lalbagh. As a child, I've played in Lalbagh; as I grew up, Lalbagh became a part of my consciousness, it's a source of inspiration for me and has a presence in some of my poems too. If the government constructs a parking bay, there should be a differentiating wall.KS Nisar Ahmed | poet and writer", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17121175", "title": "Off-season rain set to hit paddy yield", "text": "RANCHI: Continuous rain for the last five days has come as a rude shock for farmers of Jharkhand who were already passing through a very bad phase due poor cropping and delayed monsoon. Rain has badly damaged the standing paddy crops which were to be harvested within few days.Sources in state agriculture department said that due to delayed monsoon most of the farmers were able to cultivate paddy on around 50-60 per cent of their plot. \"In many cases cropping was less than 30 per cent due to delay in monsoon. To add to the misery there has been heavy rains at almost every place in the state in the last five days. It will be too early to calculate the exact loss but we fear that this rain will damage at least 15-20 per cent of the standing crop in the fields,\" said a source.Regional director of India Meteorological Department GK Mohanty too said that the heavy rains in the last few days will have adverse impact on standing paddy crop, especially those which were to be harvested within next few days. \"This rain will damage the standing crop,\" he said.Talking on effect of the rain on vegetable he said that it will depend on stage of growth. \"If the plant has just germinated then it will have more harmful effect,\" said Mohanty.There is also some good news as the cyclonic formation over Jharkhand has weakened and it is expected that sky will become clear by Thursday in most places.Rain is very common in last week of October and first week of November in Orissa, Andhra Pradesh and Jharkhand due to cyclonic formation. This year too we have received rain but since today the trough has weakened and there was partly cloudy sky in many places. We expect that weather will become normal by Thursday,\" said Mohanty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "17124236", "title": "Calangute next in line for beautification", "text": "CALANGUTE: Calangute MLA Michael Lobo on Tuesday morning launched the beautification work of the Calangute promenade. The foundation stone of the 1.10crore project at the main entrance to Calangute beach was laid by chief minister Manohar Parrikar on June 18.The work includes laying of a new walkway of interlocking pavers from the Bandodkar statue to the beach with eight benches on either side. A gate next to the statue will regulate the entry of tourists while no two-wheelers or four-wheelers will be allowed beyond that point except for service vehicles. The existing stairway leading down to the beach will also be reconstructed with two ramps on either side for the physically-challenged, said PWD junior engineer K Salgaocar.Lobo said that the illegal extensions of all the shops along the promenade will be demolished, as is being done on the Baga road.A balustrade is to be built on both sides along with lamp posts. Work on the changing rooms and toilets in front of the Calangute Residency are also expected to start shortly. \"It's the need of the hour,\" Lobo told TOI. \"Except for re-tarring of roads, nothing was done for Calangute all these years. Despite Calangute being an international tourist destination, the beach does not even have a public toilet, as a result of which 10,000 people urinate on the beach everyday. I request the government to aid us to improve tourism infrastructure,\" he said.Calangue panchayat member Joseph Sequeira said, \"We have to bring back the lost glory of Calangute by revamping and making it more beautiful than before. The situation is such that international tourists don't come to the main Calangute beach because it is dirty. A clean beach will attract a better class of tourists,\" he added.Calangute sarpanch Anna-Marie D'Souza, other panchayat members, GTDC officials and others were also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17122078", "title": "'We will keep patrolling and book all who violate norms'", "text": "Rules and laws are in place to prevent noise and air pollution during Diwali. However, how does the law-enforcement authority, the police, make sure that citizens abide by the rules? Why is it that despite a court order to limit the decibel levels, every Diwali the noise has shot up way beyond the prescribed limit? TOI speaks to K J Patil , deputy commissioner of police, operations, to know why Diwali is a noisy affair and will it be any better this time.What measures are the Mumbai police taking to ensure that noise levels during Diwali stay within permissible limits?A We have issued a prohibitory order under Section 33 of the Mumbai Police Act from September 19 to November 16. The order lists all prohibitions, the list of crackers that should and shouldn't be used, the noise levels, the timings, the size of the crackers etc. The order has been published and has been circulated to all police stations in the city. They all have a copy. Local police stations have been asked to publish it in public places. We are also conducting a meeting of authorized cracker dealers to make sure that all firecracker boxes have information on decibel levels and chemicals used.In the past five years, Diwali has been the noisiest festival. This year, very high noise levels were recorded during Ganeshotsav as well. Why hasn't much been done to ensure that noise levels stay within permissible limits? Why hasn't the law been enforced?A Whenever we come to know of violations, we book cases. During Ganeshotsav, fewer cases were booked. This is why, we stepped up patrolling during Navratri and registered cases where violations were observed. Even for Diwali, we will keep mobile and motorcycle patrolling and bring to law all those who violate the norms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17124317", "title": "HC stops dumping at Kanjurmarg landfill", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court, in an interim order, on Tuesday restrained the BMC from dumping waste and debris at the Kanjurmarg landfill. Hearing a PIL filed by Vanashakti , a division bench of Justices D D Sinha and Vijaya Kapse Tahilramani directed the corporation to file an affidavit to respond to allegations that it was dumping garbage in violation of rules.Advocate Gayatri Singh, counsel for the petitioner, submitted photographs of the dumping site. \"The photographs showed that debris was being dumped near mangrove areas in an effort to reclaim the land,\" said the advocate . \"The ministry of environment and forests, while approving the Kanjurmarg landfill, had set some tough conditions. Most of the conditions are being violated.\"The dumping site in Kanjurmarg is spread across 142 hectares while the landfill is being set up on 66 hectares. A bio-reactor plant has also been constructed to treat waste. At present, around 200 MT of garbage is dumped at the Kanjurmarg landfill.According to the petitioners , garbage was being dumped near mangrove plots, which affected the wetlands and inter-tidal mudflats. The Thane creek, which abuts the dumping ground, is a potential Ramsar site housing over 60,000 birds.The PIL also claimed that the BMC was violating the Municipal Solid Wastes Rules and the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board had slapped notices on the corporation as there was \"no provision to treat the effluents, no system for gas-trapping and leachate collection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17123741", "title": "Man found unconscious on railway tracks", "text": "BHOPAL: Police remained clueless in the incident wherein a leader of MP Karmchari congress, Devendra Khongal was found seriously injured on the railway tracks near Rachna Nagar on November 4. Khongal as a routine affair had left his house for morning walk but was later found unconscious on the railway tracks. He was rushed to a private hospital where his condition was termed critical but stable. The victim sustained multiple fractures in the incident. The Govindpura police said that the case would only get clear after recording the statement of the deceased. Prime facie it appears like an accident instead of a murderous assault, the police added.Engineering student beaten up: A final year student of a private engineering college, Rajeev Ranjan, alleged that he was beaten up by college management over some fees related issue. He had submitted the application in this regard in the Bilkheria police station on Tuesday. Ranjan had alleged that his ear has got damaged in the incident. However, the police said that have just accepted the application from the student and said a case would be registered only after the investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17123557", "title": "CM announces to organize realty summit", "text": "BHOPAL: The Madhya Pradesh government is going to organise a real estate summit early next year to give a fillip to the urban infrastructure, chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan has said.\"The state is going to organise a real estate summit in the state in three months,\" Chouhan said at the 'MP Real Estate Conclave 2012' here last night.Speaking at the session on vision for urbanisation of Madhya Pradesh, Chouhan said there is a need to further improve infrastructure in the cities as 30 per cent of the state's population lives in urban area. He said the state government wants that the poor as well as common people should all live in places that have good infrastructure facilities.\"We want to develop the state capital (Bhopal) as the best environment-friendly city of the country and we are working on it. We don't want people to know the state capital because of the Bhopal Gas Tragedy (an industrial disaster caused by the toxic leak from now defunct Union Carbide Factory in December 1984),\" Chouhan said.He said the state was humming with development activities, adding that the growth rate of the state was 11.98%.Commerce and industry minister Kailash Vijayvargiya said people's purchasing power has gone up drastically following development in the state, prompting people to buy houses.\"Around 80,000 km road has been constructed in Madhya Pradesh- the most important infrastructure- for development,\" Vijayvargiya said.The state's urban development minister Babulal Gaur said beautification of Bhopal was on a fast track which was attracting the real estate business. He claimed that Bhopal has Asia's biggest man-made clean lake.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17123706", "title": "Madhya Pradesh Human Rights Commission goes online", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh Human Rights Commission (MPHRC) hasstarted its new website on Tuesday, in an effort to bridge the gap between the victims and the commission. A complainant can directly log on to www.mphrc.nic.in and register his complaint, said joint director (PR) Rohit Mehta.Recital on Kalidas's composition: An enchanting dancerecital of Mohiniattam was presented by Ayswaria Wariar at Indira Gandhi Rashtriya Manav Sangrahalaya (IGRMS), under a cultural event entitled Naman on Tuesday. The dance presentation revealed aesthetic sense of choreography based on the composition of Kalidasa. Highlighting the lyrical beauty and charm of varied emotions, the programme began with 'Shakuntala Charitra'. Besides the cultural programme, the participants of a three day national workshop on anthropology and museums were acquainted with various open air exhibitions including Himalayan village, Mythological Trail, Tribal Habitat and variouss facilities of the Museum. TNN", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "17123170", "title": "Acute drinking water shortage in Kumarakom", "text": "KOTTAYAM: Kumarakom is reeling under severe shortage of drinking water despite it being one of the top tourist destinations in the country. The problem isn't new; it has been a cause of worry for the locals and the hoteliers here for over three years now.Though several protests have been lodged, the government doesn't seem to have taken it seriously.People here have now decided to intensify the protest, and as part of that they will stage an agitation in front of the state secretariat in Thiruvananthapuram on November 21, a day the cabinet is scheduled to meet.\"If our demands are not met, one among us will start an indefinite hunger strike at the Kumarakom market junction from December 1,\" said Shane Joseph, president, Friends of Kumarakom, an organization spearheading the protest.The water supply to Kumarakom stopped three years ago after the pipes from Chengalam to Kumarakom were damaged during road construction.Though, a temporary pipeline was laid to a tank in Attippeedika, it was of benefit only to people in that locality.\"A majority of the people as well as the resorts here now buy drinking water. Those who can't afford to do that depend on the water supplied by the panchayat, but that is not very regular,\" said Joseph.Dhanya Sabu, the Kumarakom panchayat president, blamed the water authority (KWA) for not maintaining the supply system. She also said the panchayat was struggling to meet the expenses for supplying drinking water.\"We have an annual budget of Rs 25 lakh for supplying drinking water through trucks and boats. Last year we had to spend an excess amount of Rs 12 lakh, and the government helped us out. This year we have had to spend Rs 18 lakh in excess, and we have requested the government to bail us out,\" she said.She also said it was difficult to supply water during the rainy season. KWA officials, meanwhile, said a project for supplying 10 mld of water to the region was underway. Of this, 7 mld will be for Kumarakom and the rest for Thiruvarppu.Water will be pumped from the Meenachil River at Velloopparambu where there is a well.Pipes have been laid from Velloopparambu to Chengalam, where a treatment plant is being constructed.This plant will be commissioned by February, a KWA official said.However, the crucial part of the project will be the completion of the water tanks in Market Junction and Pallickal in Kumarakom. These tanks will have a capacity of 10 lakh litres each.\"The work of these tanks has been tendered and is awaiting clearance. It has to be completed in 12 months,\" he said. The work for laying pipes from Chengalam treatment plant to Kumarakom has also been tendered.\"Even if the construction of the tank is not over in time, once this pipeline is laid, water can be supplied till Kumarakom after February, the KWA official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17123712", "title": "Labor organizations slam BHEL management", "text": "BHOPAL: Various labour organizations have condemned the management of the BHEL over the accidental death of a contract worker Manoj Meena on Tuesday. The organizations have cited gross lapses in safety and security as the reason behind the incident.BHE Kamgar Trade Union (BHEKTU-CITU) has claimed that the safety of the worker was compromised as there was no trainer or assistant near him. Hanumant Lal, secretary general of the organization said that safety norms were ignored. Also, there is a pressure of completing tasks before time.The union also condemned the attitude of the management, citing it as 'indifferent, and demanded that the dependent of the worker be paid Rs 10 lakh and a permanent job with BHEL. Besides, strict action should also be taken against the contractor Mandal and officials concerned.Chairperson of BHEL Karmchari Evam Theka Shramik Sanyukta Morcha, Madanlal Ranji informed that even though Meena was unskilled labour, he was doing the job of a skilled worker.\"This is not the first instance that the safety of workers was overlooked by the management. There have been several incidences of burning, accidents and others in the plant due to safety norms being compromised,\" he said.According to an official release by BHEL, Manoj Meena (30) was employed in Block- 09, Traction Block of BHEL, Bhopal through contractor Babloo Mandal. At around 11.45 pm on November 5, people working in the block heard screams and rushed to the place where Manoj was doing taping work.The release added that by the time other employees reached his work station he was found lying against the taping machine. He was thereafter rushed to OHS dispensary located inside the factory premises. The OHS then referred him to Kasturba Hospital where he was declared brought dead.The BHEL management has ordered an enquiry into the incident and a committee has been formed for the same comprising M Isadore AGM (HR), Nishit Babyloni DGM (traction motor) and Pradeep Sharma, senior manager (safety).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17122704", "title": "Law yet to catch up with tech-enabled peeping toms", "text": "Devices that give sharp images are the order of the day. But this clarity is lacking when it comes to regulating use of cameras and camera phones in public places, say policy makers.If there is one thing that sends more clients harried by blackmailers to detectives like A M Malathy of Malathy Detective Agency, it is the pervasive presence of the camera, most often inside modest cell phones. \"One girl had to leave a town as her ex-boyfriend uploaded her photo on the internet and referred to her as a call girl. We got the web page removed,\" says Malathy.But tracing culprits is difficult if they are strangers on the road. Absence of a privacy law makes it difficult for police to book culprits. \"If someone photographs a woman on a bus, we can ask the person to delete it. But we can't book the person s there is no law,\" says Jegabar Sali, assistant commissioner, cyber crime cell.The Information Technology (IT) Act, 2000 talks of punishment only in cases where a person's private areas have been photographed. However, things are looking up with the government trying to draw up the Right to Privacy Bill.\"The problems posed by digital technology are complex and we need to define what these new crimes are,\" says Rajeev Chandrasekhar, independent Member of Parliament, who introduced the Right to Privacy Bill,2010 in Parliament. \"I did it because I got representations from parents and women about how MMS clips were being used to blackmail them,\" says Chandrasekhar.There have been attempts at legislation earlier. The Mobile Camera Phone Users (Code of Conduct) Bill, 2006 attempted to regulate the use of camera phones in public places. It proposed that manufactures build camera phones that flash a light or emit a 'click' sound, and that users should get consent of the person being photographed.\"The sound and light are for informing people that they are being filmed,\" says Sunil Abraham, executive director, Centre for Internet and Society, a Bangalore-based organisation that was part of the committee. These provisions are part of South Korea's privacy law, which sought to bring down cases of technology-enabled 'upskirt' photography, where photos of women were taken without their permission, he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "south city", "code": "17123189", "title": "Blatant apathy: Sidhwan allowed to fester", "text": "SOUTH CITY: Even though flow of water into the Sidhwan Canal was stopped, authorities did not get down to clearing the canal bed of garbage, allowing the filth to rot. Area residents, especially people living in South City and Country Homes feel this has left them vulnerable to diseases.The fact that viral fever and dengue has spread in the city has left residents all the more uneasy. According to South City resident Dr Charanbir Sohal, After water flow was stopped in the Sidhwan Canal, garbage remained and authorities did not bother to remove it. Viral fever, malaria and dengue spread in this season, so authorities should take extra care. I am particularly worried about my two children who are below 10 years of age.The garbage as well as the moist conditions it is allowed to remain in for prolonged periods of time calls for urgent remedial action. However, the ambivalence of authorities has baffled residents. Take Saroj Verma, a business woman from South City, for instance. Authorities should remove garbage from the canal bed and drain stagnant water. We dont know why nothing has been done so far but we would request authorities to take the issue seriously, she said.Dr Vivek Saggar, a dentist and general secretary of Country Homes welfare association feels the reeking Sidhwan Canal bed is a disaster waiting to happen. Already people are falling prey to malaria and viral fever. Garbage in the canal provides perfect breeding ground to mosquitos, he pointed out.The fervent appeals did not seem to move MC executive engineer Surinder Singh, who cited reasons of protocol for delay in action. It is not our job to clear garbage in the canal. Municipal Corporation authorities have to do it, he justified.The municipal commissioner was not available but sources in the MC claimed that it is the duty of the irrigation department of which Surinder Singh is executive engineer, to clear garbage from the canal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "suri", "code": "17122154", "title": "37 hurt as cops, farmers clash at Bengal mining project site", "text": "SURI: A clash between farmers and policemen at the site of a mining project in Birbhum left 37 people injured on Tuesday and conjured up images of Nandigram, opening a new frontier in Bengal's bloody land battles.The protesters alleged police opened fire when they refused to let them take away earth-moving equipment brought in by a coal mining company. The equipment was stranded at the site after work was stalled last year by protesters. At least 10 villagers and 27 policemen were injured in the clash , which took place at the break of dawn, in Loba Village, about 161km from Kolkata.State home secretary Basudeb Banerjee dismissed the allegations of police firing. \"Police didn't open fire. Agitators attacked policemen with bows and arrows and bombs,\" he said. The home secretary evaded questions on how police managed the mob.Birbhum SP Hrishikesh Meena was sent on compulsory waiting and Murlidhar Sharma, DC (DD-special) Kolkata Police, was given the charge. State officials said there were complaints against Meena even before Tuesday's clash.\"Police did open fire. I don't know why they (police) had to do so,\" said Joydeep Majumdar of the Krishi Jami O Jibika Raksha Committee, who is also one of the land-owners. Initial reports from Suri hospital appeared to corroborate his claim. Sources said at least three villagers, Purnima Dom, Jiban Bagdi and Gautam Ghosh, had bullet injuries \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Purnima on her right leg, Bagdi on his right hip and Gautam on his belly.As the government and protesters traded charges, the standoff gave ammunition to the opposition against Mamata Banerjee , with the Left Front calling for a thorough investigation and the Congress demanding a CBI probe. \"Local Trinamool Congress activists were part of the land stir when Mamata was in opposition. They have distanced themselves from the stir after she became CM,\" said PDS leader Anuradha Putatunda, who has been in the area since protests began in 2010.Coal mining company DVC-Emta had approached the Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee government to acquire the 2,321 acres of land it had indentified in the area after a survey indicated a potential coal wealth of 196 lakh tonnes. But it was asked to buy land directly from farmers. It subsequently bought 728 acres from farmers scattered over nine mouzas, including Loba. However, some farmers were not willing to give up their land. \"We were not consulted while fixing land prices. We want compensation, plus a proper rehabilitation package,\" said Majumdar.The standoff reached a flashpoint in December 2011 when the company brought in the earth-moving equipment. \"It began work on land it had not purchased,\" Majumdar said. \"The SP confirmed this in his report. Unwilling landlosers protested. They staged a dharna, stopping all operations,\" Majumdar said.Earlier this year, state industries minister Partha Chatterjee visited the area and held talks with the agitators. However, the issue was put on the back-burner. Unable to start work, DVC-Emta then approached a Birbhum court to get back its stranded machinery.Following the court's directive, a large police force reached Loba around 4am on Tuesday to retrieve the equipment. Initially, they outnumbered the agitators, who were keeping a watch from a make-shift office of farmer's forum. As word spread , villagers from neighbouring areas trooped in and confronted the cops. Police lathicharged the mob, but the villagers retaliated with brickbatting. Some of them attacked the cops with bows and arrows. Police claim to have subsequently used teargas shells, but protesters said they opened fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "17124548", "title": "Girl killed as school bus overturns in Patan; 6 hurt", "text": "PALANPUR: A 15-year-old school girl was killed and at least six other students injured when their vehicle lost control and overturned near Santalpur town of Patan district on Tuesday. The ambulance-turned-school bus was used to ferry girls from different villages to Uttar Buniyadi School in Vaua run by well-known Bhansali Trust, which runs several schools and hospitals in north Gujarat.The accident happened at around 10am near Dhokavada village, about 15 km from Santalpur, when the driver lost control while negotiating a sharp curve. The bus veered off the road and overturned twice. The deceased girl was identified as Mali Ahir of Dhokavada village.\"The bus was carrying around 23 girls and was on its way to the school. The accident took place just 3km from the school,\" said police sub-inspector of Santalpur A B Patel. All the girls were aged between 15 and 17 years. The injured students were rushed to Dharpur Medical College near Patan where the condition of one girl is said to be critical. She was shifted to the intensive care unit.Driver Kesabhai escaped from the spot after the accident, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "angul", "code": "17123053", "title": "Hooch fires Angul underbelly", "text": "ANGUL: Booming industrialization and a burgeoning population has augmented illicit liquor trade in the district. So much so that hooch is freely available in paan shops, roadside eateries and households in slums across the district.The liquor is sold cheap due to tax evasion and is heavily adulterated by some unscrupulous out still (OS) liquor shop-owners, said sources.Prakash Kumar Sahoo, exclusive privilege (EP) holder of Telisingha Authorised Liquor Shop (ALS), filed a petition to superintendent of excise, Angul, Nigamananda Panda recently, alleging many ALS owners in the district are selling liquor by using the printing code of his liquor pouches.\"The code number and logo, allotted to me for selling liquor, are used by a person to peddle duplicate pouches,\" he alleged. Recently four persons were arrested and sent to court on charges of duplicating pouches and forging codes, police said.The excise officer confirmed the forgery, saying, \"A number of polythene rolls with printing code and cricket bat as symbol, allotted to Prakash, were found to be transported from one Ms Super Polymers Private Limited, Raipur , to one trader of Hulurisingha Chowk, Angul.'' He said stringent action will be taken against traders procuring liquor illegally.As per instructions of the excise commissioner, Odisha, a specific code number and symbol are allotted to each OS shop for selling liquor. The code number and symbol should be printed on the pouch in order to avoid duplicity and provide genuine OS liquor to consumers.Despite frequent raids by authorities concerned, illicit liquor trade continues to flourish in places like Kandhabereni, Derenga in Talcher sub-division, Budulimunda under Handapa police limits and Jarasingha under Angul police limits. Sources said illicit country liquor is being brewed openly in many households in slum areas. The liquor is also being exported to different parts of the state.BJP district president Ashok Mohanty alleged that some traders are running these illegal activities in connivance with unscrupulous officials and cops and that raids are mere eyewash. Besides, these traders have succeeded in gratifying forest officials to obtain firewood for running their distilleries, he alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17123262", "title": "Officers showcase talent at cultural meet in Allahabad", "text": "ALLAHABAD: North Zone Central Sports and Cultural meet was inaugurated at Prayag Sangeet Samit on Tuesday by chief income tax commissioner Dhirendra Khare. The programme started with the lighting of the lamp followed by Saraswati Vandana presented by students of Jwala Devi Vidya Mandir.Income tax commissioner D Rai Chaudhary welcomed the guests and expressed gratitude towards the participants who have gathered from different parts of North India.The cultural programme began with the presentation of ghazal by Prakash Parnekar from Indore who also recited a musical composition in Raag Madhubani and Raag Madhuvanti. A folk song was presented by a group comprising chief income tax commissioner Kanpur and his associates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17122248", "title": "11-year-old girl hangs herself over household chores", "text": "PUNE: An 11-year old girl, Sonam Chaudhary, allegedly committed suicide at her house in Chikhli near Pimpri after being told by her father to do household work instead of watching television. The incident took place on Monday afternoon.Sonam was a std III student of a municipal school. She lived with her father Ramkumar Chaudhary, a scrap dealer, in a rented room in More Chawl near Talathi office in Chikhli Gaothan. Her mother stays at their ancestral village in Uttar Pradesh.Sub-inspector Mahesh Dhawan of the Dehu Road police station said, \"Sonam committed suicide in the afternoon after her father told her to do household work instead of watching television. She hanged herself with a dupatta from the tin roof of their residence. She was taken to YCM hospital around 6.30pm, where she was declared dead.\"The neighbours said that Sonam's father and relatives took her body to Uttar Pradesh in an ambulance around 11.30 pm.Sonam's neighbour Chhaya Baburao Ghongashe said, \"Sonam's father has a scrap godown at Kudalwadi in Chikhli. On Monday morning, he had gone out for some work and returned at 9.30am.He knocked repeatedly on the door, but she took a long time to open the door.\"Ghongashe said, \"Later her father went to his godown. She played with the neighbourhood children, just like every afternoon. She was happy as she was going to go to their village in Uttar Pradesh and meet her mother and siblings.\"\"I had gone out in the afternoon for some errands. When I returned, I called out to Sonam, but she did not answer. I thought she must be watching television. I opened their window, which is usually closed but not locked from inside, to check on her. I saw that she was hanging from the roof of the house,\" she said.The neighbours are shocked by the incident. \"She was a cheerful girl,\" said one of them.Another neighbour said, \"Earlier, there was no TV set in their house. Sonam liked to watch TV so she used to go to the neighbours' houses. So her father bought a TV set for her. She would go to school in the morning and return in the afternoon. She would play with the neighbourhood children every afternoon. Later, she used to lock the house from inside, prepare meals and watch TV. Some time back, they replaced their stove with an LPG gas connection. We repeatedly told her not to lock the house from inside while preparing meals as she was too young and would need our help if a mishap occurred.\"Sonam was the youngest of four siblings. She has two sisters and a brother. While the eldest sister, Priyanka, got married eight months back, the other two siblings, Suraj and Poonam, stay in their native village with their mother. Earlier, Poonam used to stay with Sonam and their father in Chikhli. They have been staying in the area for the past three years, neighbours said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17122412", "title": "Colourful, noiseless Diwali celebration at Powai today", "text": "MUMBAI: To drive home an important message that Diwali can be noiseless and eco-friendly, Powai residents have organized a special cracker-free Diwali at a hotel in Hiranandani Gardens on Wednesday. A giant and colourful graffiti art wall with the message will also be drawn, scribbled and signed on at the venue by children as well as adults.\"The hotel team and the NGO Young Environmentalists of Hiranandani Powai will have over 300 students from schools and colleges to lend their talent on a huge graffiti wall to spread the message of a soundless Diwali on November 7 at 6pm. The campaign will aim at creating awareness about the ill-effects of air and noise pollution due to bursting crackers,\" said Elsi Gabriel of Young Environmentalists Programme Trust.The citizens have urged others to also join them in this eco-celebration on Wednesday evening at Powai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17124250", "title": "Zambia await AIFF nod for Goa visit", "text": "PANAJI: African Cup of Nations champions Zambia's proposed tour to Goa later this month is hanging by a thread after the All India Football Federation (AIFF) said they are yet to hear from the visitors.Konkola Copper Mines, a subsidiary of Vedanta Resources \u00e2\u20ac\u201d who have a major stake in Sesa Goa \u00e2\u20ac\u201d are sponsoring the team's visit to Goa, but with the African champions yet to obtain permission from the AIFF, the tour looks unlikely to go ahead later this month.\"There is no direct communication from Zambia with the AIFF. I am yet to hear anything from them. Zambia must write to us officially, we then have to seek permission from the ministry of sports since a foreign team is involved. As of now, there is no progress,\" AIFF general secretary Kushal Das told TOI on Tuesday.Zambia had trained in Goa last year and were involved in two friendlies against Goa XI and India XI. They won both friendlies with ease and then went on to surprise the world by winning the African Cup of Nations.According to those in the know, Zambia were in constant touch with the Sesa Football Academy who were expected to be the hosts. But like Das pointed out, the permissions have to be secured from the federation and not the Goa Football Association.\"We have forwarded the letters to the AIFF. There are several routines involved. I do not know what is the status (of the tour ) as of now ,\" said a representative of the Sesa Football Academy.Unmindful of the confusion in India, Zambia coach Herve Renard has named a 23 member Zambia Development/CHAN team for the \"India tour\".\"The team will leave for India on November 19, two days after the closure of the 2012 local soccer season,\" the Football Association of Zambia (FAZ) said in a statement on their official website.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17122973", "title": "Save water: MC to schools", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Chandigarh municipal corporation is thinking ahead. In a month or two, both government and private schools in the city will be prohibited from using potable water for gardening and in big playgrounds. Instead, the MC will provide tertiary treated water to all these schools to ensure that maximum potable water is saved for the summer.As per estimates of the MC's engineering wing, potable water is supplied to around 600 acres of land in these schools for non potable purposes. However, if they use tertiary treated water, the civic body would be able to save around 10 lakh litres or 1MGD of potable water. Tertiary treated water supply lines have been laid down in almost all parts of the city.MC superintending engineer R C Diwan said, \"We are going to make supply of tertiary treated water mandatory for playgrounds and for gardening in schools. These playgrounds and gardens are very large, spread over around 600 acres. Schools that refuse to take tertiary treated water for the abovementioned purposes will face disconnection of water supply.\"Recently, the engineering wing of the MC received a request from representatives of private housing societies in southern areas to use tertiary treated water for non-potable purposes. Three underground water reserves were constructed for collection and supply of tertiary treated water. One of these was recently constructed in Sector 29.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17122957", "title": "Thrilled to qualify for World Chess Championship: Mary Ann", "text": "KOLKATA: City girl Mary Ann Gomes became only the third player in last 10 years to retain the National women's premier chess title when she triumphed in Jalgaon on Saturday.\"The competition was much tougher this time with almost all leading players of the country taking part in the meet,\" Mary Ann told TOI after returning home on Monday.\"Players like Bhakti Kulkarni, Eesha Karavade, Soumya Swaminathan and others played very good chess and the lead kept changing hands after almost very round. In that respect, it was quite an entertaining competition this time,\" she said.Despite being half-a-point behind three players who jointly shared the lead going into the final round, the 23-year-old city girl won the title beating statemate Nisha Mohta with white pieces in the 11 th round.\"I just concentrated on my game against Nisha who was playing very well. Even after I won, I was not sure about the title as the other matches were still going on. I was delighted when I got to know the leaders had drawn their matches,\" Mary Ann, who has an Elo rating of 2384, said.The Woman Grandmaster said she badly wanted to win the title as it would have guaranteed her a spot in the next edition of the World Chess Championship (WCC). \"I am thrilled to have made the cut. It will be my maiden appearance in the WCC. It is a great honour and a big challenge,\" she said.Mary Ann did not do well in last month's National Premier meet in the city where she was the only female participant, but it was a good preparation for National Women's meet. \"The Kolkata meet had a very strong field and I played top Grandmasters. And though I did not do too well, it was a good preparation for the tournament in Jalgaon where I again faced a strong challenge in every match,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17122687", "title": "Web of perverts targets just anyone, anywhere", "text": "The photograph of an anchor on a Tamil channel reading out a news bulletin appears innocuous enough. She is well dressed and there's nothing unusual about the image. But scroll down the page, on the little-known website, and there are more than 30 offensive sexual comments about the newsreader's clothes, body and even morals, by people using fictitious handles.Perverts on the web do not appear to need morphed pictures of actresses and celebrities to express their voyeuristic depravity. They are now preying on common women, the predators' identities buried in the anonymity of the internet.The victim could be a working professional on a train, a college student reading a novel on a bus, even a vegetable vendor balancing a basket on her head. With most cellphones now equipped with cameras, it is not hard to stealthily photograph a woman in a crowded place. Once the image is put on the net, the comments start pouring in - almost all rude, humiliating and unfit to print.There has been an explosion of websites that either permit users to post pictures of women and lewd comments or do not monitor content. These sites contain hundreds of pictures of women, offering a platform for men to let their imagination run wild. Experts say such disquieting behaviour is not limited to men. Women too make offensive comments on these websites or forward lewd material to others.Television professionals, who have to put their videos online to be noticed by potential employers and use constructive criticism and feedback that comes their way, are now more guarded about sharing clips.\"Some websites like YouTube are moderated and offensive comments can be removed,\" says former news anchor C Alex. \"But sites, which appear to encourage users to post photographs of women and make disgusting comments, are very disturbing.\" An anchor whose picture was put on one of these pornographic websites, which are often disguised as social networking forums, took the matter to police. \"The police's cyber crime wing should take action against such websites and shut them down,\" she says. Psychologists say the disturbing trend is a reflection of an increasingly depraved society. \"The internet gives perverts a platform to express their sexual thoughts and be acknowledged by other people with twisted minds,\" says psychologist and counsellor Dr Mini Rao.\"Many have voyeuristic tendencies,\" says Dr Vasuki Kailasam, psychological counsellor at Laksha Hospital. \"Men who post obscene material with images of decent women are often seeking the attention of the victim and other people.\" Victims of such harassment often are traumatised to the extent of developing an aversion to men and social networking and the fear that they are vulnerable in public places. \"Women take months to recover from such humiliating experiences,\" says Dr Mini Rao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17124446", "title": "Fedn to start cotton procurement from Nov 11", "text": "NAGPUR: Maharashtra State Co-operative Cotton Growers Marketing Federation has finally decided to open its procurement centres from November 11. The decision was announced at the board of directors' meeting in Mumbai on Tuesday. The decision to open the purchase centres got delayed by almost a month as crucial formalities like signing of agreement with NAFED and getting margin money from the state government were not fulfilled.\"Now there are no uncertainties. The state government has sanctioned the margin money of Rs 50 crore. On Tuesday, we also signed an agreement with the Central agriculture marketing agency NAFED on whose behalf we will be purchasing cotton in the state,\" federation vice-chairman Rajkishor Modi told TOI from Mumbai. \"Now we will scout for bank loan that can be obtained at low rates for funding the purchases,\" he added.However, Modi made it clear that even though the federation has its machinery in place to open 109 purchase centres across the state, they would start with only district centres in the cotton belt of Vidarbha, Marathwada and Khandesh. \"We may start with only six or seven centres and later on spread to taluk level depending upon the arrivals and farmers' needs,\" said Modi.\"Open market rates are in the range of Rs 4,000 to Rs 4,300 and there are indications that farmers would prefer to sell their produce to private traders and not to the federation which would be offering a maximum of Rs 3,900 or less depending on the quality. Thus our presence will be mere symbolic. Basically, to deter traders from cartelizing. If rates collapse, the federation will stand by the farmers and procure their crop at the MSP fixed by the government,\" said Modi.He admitted that the federation was cash strapped and barely managing to pay salary to its staff with what it had earned as commission from NAFED three years ago. \"NAFED is yet to clear dues of Rs 191 crore to us. Of this amount Rs 161 crore is undisputed, but NAFED has cited cash crunch and have kept our bills pending for last two years,\" said Modi.To keep the federation running, it has come up with diverse business plans like marketing its own brand of Bt seeds. This year they did it on experimental basis and sold 10,000 packets earning a modest profit. \"Next year we have fixed a target of 5 lakh packets. For this we have tied up with Krishidhan, a private seed company based in Jalna,\" said Modi", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17123226", "title": "Olympian says hockey needs revival in state", "text": "LUDHIANA: Charanjit Singh, captain of the 1964 Olympic winning Indian hockey team, said the Punjab Agricultural University (PAU) provides great sports infrastructure in the region and youngsters should utilize it by working hard.A recipient of the Arjuna award and Padma Shri award, Singh said, Hockey awaits a revival in Punjab, and subsequently in India, while talking about the inclusion of 12 Punjabi boys in the junior India hockey team, recently.PAU has great infrastructure for sports, which is beneficial not only to the university, but to the entire region. Youngsters should seize these resources and press hard to improve their skills in their game, said Singh, as chief guest at the PAU Golden Jubilee Hockey Tournament held recently.An alumnus of the Government Agriculture College, which was later turned into PAU, Singh said the youths from Punjab need to be motivated to channelize their energies in sports.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "17122897", "title": "Girl's body found in field", "text": "HOWRAH: A Class-X student was allegedly raped and murdered when she went for her tuitions in Bagnan on Tuesday morning. Kabita Patra's body was found in a semi-clad state in a paddy field less than a kilometer from her home at Bainan Notun Gram by her elder brother in the afternoon. Relatives suspect the crime was committed by Sona, a local youth who is absconding. The youth had allegedly been bothering the girl for quite some time now.Around 7 am on Tuesday, Kabita - a student of the Sitalchowk High School - set out from home for tuitions. When she failed to return home after several hours, relatives started enquiring about her to her friends. On visiting her tuition class, they were told that the girl hadn't turned up.\"While other relatives started searching elsewhere, her elder brother Mohan Patra backtracked towards their house. On the road next to a paddy field, he caught sight of a piece of cloth. On closer inspection, it turned out to be his sister's dupatta. He also noticed drag marks on the ground, leading into the field. A few metres away, he found his sister's body. There were scratch marks on her cheeks. It seems that she was raped before being murdered,\" said Barun Middya, a close relative.There was considerable tension in the area after discovery of the body. The spot where it lay was in the Amta police station area. Relatives informed the police and also lodged a complaint against Sona. \"The exact cause of death is yet to be ascertained. The autopsy report will reveal whether she was raped before being murdered. We are looking for suspects,\" said Howrah SP Bharat Lal Meena. According to another official, the girl may have died while resisting her attacker. It is also possible that she was murdered as the attacked didn't wish to be identified, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17123106", "title": "Cricketer's wife moves State Commission for Women", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Former Odisha Ranji player Sanjay Satpathy's wife, who recently accused him of dowry torture and kidnapping her child, moved the State Commission for Women (SCW) on Tuesday protesting negligence by the police in tracing her child.Satpathy's wife Swapna alleged that the Mahila police failed to arrest him and rescue her child. \"Though police registered a case on November 3, they have not yet found my child. I am worried about my kid,\" Swapna said.SCW chairperson Jyoti Panigrahy said she has requested the police to locate the \"absconding\" father and the child. \"The DCP Nitinjeet Singh has assured me to find the child and arrest Satpathy,\" Panigrahy told TOI.Mahila police station's in-charge officer Anita Pradhan said raids were being conducted at different places to arrest the former right-arm off-break bowler, who got hitched last February.Police slapped several sections of IPC against Satpathy after Swapna lodged FIR alleging that he and his family had been torturing her for dowry. Satpathy, however, had said the charges were baseless.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17121567", "title": "Excess rain fails to fill up reservoirs", "text": "CHENNAI: The northeast monsoon may have yielded 40% excess rainfall, but the brief spell has failed to adequately replenish the four reservoirs that supply water to the city.According to officials in the water resources department, although the levels in the four reservoirs - Red Hills, Poondi, Chembarambakkam and Cholavaram - have gone up marginally from 3,858 million cubic feet (mcft) to 4,558mcft, there is a shortfall of more than 6,000mcft of water. In Poondi, the water level went up by 664 mcft to 917 mcft. Cholavaram saw a rise from 202mcft to 338mcft, Red Hills 1,831mcft to 2,025mcft and Chembarabakkam 1,161mcft to 1,278mcft. The rest of the inflow is due to supply of close to 200 cusecs of Krishna water and 180 million litres per day (mld) from Veeranam.\"In 2011, there was good rain and the reservoirs were almost full, with water going up to 11,000mcft. This year, there has been an appreciable rise, but it is way below the amount of water that had collected during the same period last year,\" said a senior official in the Chennai Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board. All four reservoirs have a combined storage strength of 11,057mcft.Officials attribute the low storage to lesser rainfall in the catchment areas. \"While most parts of the state received excess rainfall, catchment areas such as Sriperumbudur, Tiruvallur, Cholavaram and Red Hills witnessed lesser rainfall,\" said the official. The average rainfall received in these areas since the onset of the monsoon is 23.66mm against the state average of 34mm.Admitting that more steps were needed to check surface run-off of water into oceans, he said the water resources department was studying ways to check this and channel it into the reservoirs.According to officials, the ground water table also rose only marginally. \"We are still in the process of assessing the increase, but according to our preliminary estimates, it is not much,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17124340", "title": "Two women die in mishap", "text": "MADURAI: In two different road accidents, three people including two women were killed on Tuesday morning. C Pandiammal (50) and C Kasammal (55) from Kattakaruppanpatti near Usilampatti attended the funeral of one of their relatives in Madurai and after staying for the night, they returned to their native village on Tuesday morning. After alighting from the bus at Kupanampatti division, the women were standing in a bus stand to take another bus to their village, but a speeding vehicle that came from Usilampatti knocked them down. Both women were killed on the spot. Usilampatti taluk police have recovered the dead bodies and sent them to the Usilampatti Government Hospital for post-mortem.Police sources said Pandiammal and Kasammal were standing in the bus stand looking out for auto rickshaws or buses to their village, which was situated in the interior part from the main road. They were mowed down by a speeding vehicle en route to Madurai and were killed on the spot. The vehicle fled from the spot by the time onlookers realised what was happening. The vehicle was believed to be coming from Usilampatti, they said. Police are looking out for the vehicle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17122981", "title": "OMG! antique idol thefts on the rise", "text": "JAIPUR: It seems that even God is not safe in the outskirts of Jaipur. In yet another burglary, unidentified robbers decamped with 26 antique idols from a famous Jain temple at Jatwara village near Bassi on the outskirts of city. This is the sixth incident of burglary of antique idols in the past six months. The rise in thefts of antique idols also hints that international smugglers are active in this area. The temple committee owners claimed that 23 idols, made of eight metals, while three idols made of stones and worth nearly Rs 10 crore were stolen.The temple priest and other pilgrims were shocked to find the main gate of the temple ajar. All the doors of the rooms in which the idols were kept were unlocked. Soon they informed the police and a team of forensic science laboratory (FSL) and police rushed to the spot.\"Prima facie it appears that the number of burglars were more than three and had boozed together at the temple. We have recovered one idol and have got concrete clues on the whereabouts of the burglars,\" said Mohammed Anwar, circle inspector, Bassi police station.Senior police officers of the police commissionerate were also on tizzy as the antique idols were more than 200 years old. In the past three months, at least 50 antique idols were stolen from city outskirts, including Shahpura, Kothputli, Virat Nagar and Kanota.Police officers were, however, tight-lipped on the issue but haven't ruled out the involvement of an international network.Times ViewThe thefts of antique idols are nothing new. But what is surprising is that in so many years, a fool-proof mechanism has not been put in place to protect these priceless wonders. It is also strange that when hundreds of pilgrims and worshippers pay visit to these temples and also pay hefty donations, why these idols are not protected or insured properly. The whole issue is handled very loosely and merely blaming international smugglers will not do. Either the state or the ASI, which in most cases look after the temple structures, will have to take active part in protecting the idols.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17123445", "title": "Another NASA image points to rise in sus\u00e2\u20ac\u2039pended particles in Nov", "text": "CHANDIGARH: NASA's Aqua satellite has taken another image, which shows that burned paddy stubble has increased the suspended particles in air in Punjab, resulting in haze. Taken on November 5, the image has found that suspended particles in the air have increased from 200 ppbv (part per billion by volume) on October 31 to 220 ppbv on November 5. Data obtained by the University of Maryland, which has been supported by NASA and ISRO, have found that agriculture plumes have risen up to 2.28 km.After a visual inspection, NASA scientist Jeff Schmaltz said that there were more fires in the October 31 image, compared to the November 5 image. What is striking about the November 5 image is the extent of smoke.Talking to TOI, Dr Krishna Prasad Vadrevu, associate research professor, department of geographic sciences, University of Maryland College Park, said, \"Agricultural fires seem to impact aerosol optical depth (which determines the thickness of suspended particles) and CO concentration. During October, agriculture fires seem to have contributed nearly 200 ppbv and around 220 ppbv during November, as detected by the satellite.\"In their recently published study in the journal \"Atmospheric Environment,\" which shows the correlation between agriculture residue burnings and carbon monoxide emissions, it was found that Punjab had the highest concentration during winter, followed by post-monsoon, summer and the least during rainy season. The study was supported by NASA and ISRO.Depending on the intensity of fire, the satellite might capture the image. Also, NASA is not sure about any increase in the area of stubble burning. As Jeff Schmaltz said, \"The number of fires varies from day to day. The cloud cover also varies. So the satellite may not detect all fires each day. It is difficult to say if the area is changing, without doing a rigorous examination of the fire detection data. From my recollection, I would say that the region of fires is approximately the same through the years.\"Fire count in PunjabAs Punjab is a major agricultural producer of the country, researchers had collected data of the stubble fire since 2003. \"From 2003 to 2011, the highest fire count of 18,217 was in 2005 in Punjab. The mean fire count for the nine years was 15,328. We have other research papers under review, especially on nitrogen dioxide and ozone, detected from satellite images related to fires in the region,\" said Krishna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17123237", "title": "'3M people suffer from cancer in India'", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Regional Cancer Centre at Kamla Nehru Memorial Hospital would observe the Cancer Awareness Day on Wednesday.Additional director Medical and HoD Radiation Oncology Dr B Paul Thaliath said 40% of cancers are directly related to our life style and habits and are preventable. Cancer strikes anyone at any age. But majority are affected in their prime age between 40 to 60 years. The misconceptions about the disease are many and persist mainly because cure eludes many who report in advanced stages. In developed countries 27% of deaths are due to Cardio-vascular diseases especially in old age and 23% due to cancer. Approximately 3 million people are suffering from Cancer in India and one million new cases detected every year out of which 1/3rd die of the disease detected in the terminal stage.As per the National Cancer Registry data three fold increase in incidence is expected in the next two decades. The commonest cancers seen in our country are mainly the tobacco related cancers of oral cavity, throat,lungs and cancers of the uterine cervix and breast in women.Cancer is no more an incurable diseases. Today Medical Sciences can stop its fatal march. Majority of the cancers,can either be prevented or detected in a reasonably early stage where it can be effectively treated and cured, Remarkable achievement has been obtained in the treatment of various cancers,said Dr Paul.A public awareness meeting will be held at the hospital lawns of Regional Cancer Centre at 9.00 am.Teachers and students from various schools of the city, NGOs, cancer survivors will attend the meeting. Experts in the field of cancer treatment will highlight the newer developments in prevention and screening of cancers.Skits, street plays, group songs, magic show etc on cancer awareness will also be presented by various schools, cancer survivors and nursing students of the Hospital.Meanwhile, Consultant Oncologist Dr B K Mishra, said cancer treatment is still a problem because of many myths among public even among educated persons. This is main problem to overall low cure rate of cancer in India around 30-40% in compare to western world of 70-80%.If somebody has any lesion of cancer, doctors always advice for biopsy or fine needle aspiration cytology (FNAC) then a false myth is among public that it can cause spread of cancer which is totally wrong. In fact by biopsy we can get exact nature of cancer and can give targeted and best treatment so one should never hesitate to go for biopsy or FNAC if had suspicion of cancer, he said.Meanwhile, a workshop of practical management of diabetes was organised by Alumni Welfare Association of MLN Medical College. Organising secretary Dr Subodh Jain welcomed all guest speakers and delegates. On the occasion, he said that 1/6th of diabetes population resides in India hence it is the need of the hour that all the doctors must be updated regularly for practical management of diabetes. During the work shop Dr Ajay Kumar renowned dialectologist from Patna informed the gathering about the latest drugs which are now available in the market and the upcoming drugs which may be available very soon Prof Karunakar Tripathi former HOD at IMS BHU told about key points in the management of gestational diabetes. Prof. Sandeep Kumar Mathur from SMS Medical college Jaipur train the Doctors for the managements of blood sugar in surgical patients. Dr Anurag Bajpayee, Endocrinologist from Kanpur told that in Asia incidence of diabetes in pediatric population is rising very fast he spoke on early diagnosis and management of pediatric diabetes. At the end the secretary Alumni Welfare Association Dr Jyoti Bhushan gave vote of thanks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17122826", "title": "Proposals invited for special centres at madrassas", "text": "NEW DELHI: Students enrolled in Delhi madrassas are being counted among those \"out of school\". The UEE (Universal Elementary Education) mission, in charge of implementation of Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) in Delhi, has sought proposals from \"madrassas/maqtabas registered societies or trusts\" for special training centres. These special centres are run for \"out-of-school children\" aged between six and 14 years, including those enrolled in madrassas and maqtabas.The UEE mission issued a circular on November 5 on behalf of the Department of Education, Delhi government. It says the centres will be funded by SSA, which in turn, is supported by the HRD ministry. The last date for submission of the proposals is November 20.\"In other states such as UP and Bihar, madrassas are administered by State Madrassa Boards, and those are considered on a par with the regular system and boards. Delhi doesn't have such a board and all madrassas are unrecognized except the one at Fatehpuri Masjid, which is also run by the Waqf board. For this reason, we couldn't extend the benefit of SSA to these institutions,\" says a senior official in UEE mission. The special centre, he says, is a means to encourage them to include general education in their system, by treating them, in a way, like NGOs.\"All the proposals received by due date will be screened on the basis of the credibility, capability and experience of the madrassas/ maqtabas in the field as well as submission of relevant documents,\" says the circular.The proposals will be screened by an executive committee and governing body of SSA, Delhi, for approval but the joint decision of secretary (education) and chairperson, EC-SSA will be final. \"Selected madrassas/maqtabas will be informed individually.\"The proposals have to be supported by a number of documents, including a certified balancesheet or audit report of the last three years, a report on the educational projects completed so far, a clear indication of the plan for out-of-school children and information on how the madrassas/ maqtabas will implement the intervention.The UEE mission has also arranged a \"special admission drive\" from November 7 to December 15 to bring \"out-of-school\" CWSN (children with special needs) \"to schools nearer to their residence\". The mission conducted a monthlong survey from June 20 and found 11,348 out-of-school CWSN.During the drive, says the circular, the resource teachers will motivate the parents/guardians of the CWSN identified by them, and get their wards admitted in age-appropriate class in the nearby DoE, MCD, NDMC or DCB school. The resource teachers will then submit information like name of the school, school ID, class, etc through an online module. Heads of schools, members of Vidyalaya Kalyan Samitis, resident welfare associations and community leaders will be roped in to ensure that all the out-of-school CWSN are admitted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17122344", "title": "BMC plans radiotherapy, chemo ward in Nair hospital", "text": "MUMBAI: The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) plans to start a 75-bed ward for chemotherapy and radiotherapy at BYL Nair Hospital in Mumbai Central.At present, the only public facility were the therapies are available is Tata Memorial Hospital (TMH) in Parel, where the waiting period for patients to avail of chemotherapy and radiotherapy could go up to a few months.So shorten the waiting list and to provide for quick and cost effective treatment the civic body will be starting these wards.NCP corporator Saeeda Khan has tabled a notice of motion in the civic general body meeting demanding that cancer treatments be made available in civic hospitals too. \"Cancer is a deadly disease and treatments like radiotherapy are being carried out only in TMH. Due to the tremendous rush at TMH, cancer patients have to wait for up to six months for radiotherapy. During this period, there is a possibility of cancer spreading in the body,\" she said.According to civic sources, there are currently 25 beds each in civic-run KEM, Nair and Sion hospitals for cancer surgeries. KEM Hospital also has a special ward for the treatment of breast cancer.\"Cancer patients from KEM and Sion hospitals will also be accommodated there,\" said civic executive health officer Arun Bamne.The proposal will be soon be tabled before the health committee. Once its approved, the chemotherapy and radiotherapy centre will be commissioned in Nair hospital within an year, said a civic official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17124322", "title": "Two cops who \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcthrashed\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 teen to death suspended", "text": "MUMBAI: Two constables from the Tilak Nagar police station, accused of thrashing a teenager to death, have been suspended.Constables Rashid Tadvi and Govind Lad had stepped out of a bar in Vidyavihar (E) around 10pm on Sunday when they had a run-in with some youngsters. The duo allegedly bashed up the boys with their batons, leading to the death of Kalyan Salve (17). Kalyan's family now plans to meet the home minister to demand stringent action against the duo.Dr T P Lahane, dean of J J Hospital where an autopsy was conducted, said Kalyan suffered bruises on two-three spots on his body but there were no fractures.\"The police administration is trying to shield the constables. There are eyewitnesses, including an auto driver,\" said the family's counsel, Ram Chavan.Kalyan had been hanging out near Natraj bar in Vidyavihar with his cousin, Krishna Salve, and a common friend, Shyam Yadav . The two constables walked out of the bar, reportedly inebriated . \"One of the boys mimicked the way they were walking. The cops saw it and lost their cool. They began thrashing the boys with their batons,\" said Chavan.Krishna and Shyam were hurt on their back and legs. The constables' fourth blow landed on Kalyan's head. \"When Kalyan fell, Tadvi and Lad knelt down and shook him. They then sped off on their bikes,\" said a relative.\"We have treated the case at the same level as a custodial death to ensure impartiality. An inquest was conducted by the tehsildar and a post-mortem was carried out by a team of four doctors from JJ Hospital. Everything has been videographed. We also asked the doctors to determine if beating by batons could have caused Kalyan's death,\" said additional commissioner Qaiser Khalid.However, the autopsy report was inconclusive. \"We have referred the case to the state forensic science laboratory for histopathology and neurological examination . Doctors have taken a number of samples,\" said Khalid.The Tilak Nagar police registered an FIR on Monday evening following sustained pressure from locals. \"Had the cops taken Kalyan to the hospital, he might have been alive. As blood-alcohol tests weren't carried out on them immediately, they are bound to come negative,\" said a relative. On Tuesday, there was heavy bandobast during Kalyan's funeral.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17124142", "title": "Nitish playing 'politics of economy'?", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar gave a new dimension to the demand of special state status to Bihar by calling upon all the backward states, which were left behind in development of various human indices as compared to the national average, to demand special state status for themselves. Kumar made the appeal while addressing the JD-U's Adhikar Rally in Patna on Sunday.\"We (the backward states) should not sit idle. We should fight. If the Centre wants to fulfill the target of inclusive growth, the states lagging behind the national average on development index should get special assistance and special category status. The criteria for granting special status are only for the hilly states. Therefore, the rest of the states which are really backward should be accorded special status in order to take them to the national average. I will try to reach my voice to those states too,\" he said at the rally. With these words, Kumar also sent out a message that the new politics should be economy oriented.The CM's views have been welcomed by different sections and it is expected that Kumar after his return from Pakistan may get in touch with the chief ministers of backward states even though they are making efforts for their development through their own resources.A N Sinha Insittue's director D M Diwakar said poor states should be treated equally and given opportunity to grow. \"In the five-year plan, the states which are backward in development are given almost one third of the plan outlay as compared to some developed states,\" he said and hailed the CM's agenda.\"The Bihar CM is not doing politics when he is pleading on behalf of other backward states; it is purely an economic agenda,\" said water resources minister Vijay Kumar Choudhary. The grant of special status should be on sound economic consideration and whichever state fulfills the criteria should be given special assistance in the form of special state status, he said and added the criteria should include lack of resources and transparency in governance.According to Kumar's aide Sanjay Jha , it is high time all states lagging behind on development indicators for various reasons came together and forced the government in Delhi to frame policies keeping in mind the problems of these states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17122623", "title": "Mining business: IAS officer's son alleges threat to life", "text": "JAIPUR: Senior IAS officer Ajit Kumar Singh's son Eklavya Singh alleged on Tuesday that he was getting life threats over a business dispute.Eklavya said that he had lodged an FIR against his former business partners for forgery in documents related to a mining firm. However, the police closed the case and filed the final report (FIR) in the court. Eklavya alleged that the police had attached a letter written by a cabinet minister in which the police was directed not to reinvestigate the matter. The minister allegedly said in the document that Kishore Sharma, who was one of the accused in the forgery case, had approached a former Union minister. The cabinet minister directed the DGP not to send the documents to SOG for reinvestigation in the case as it was already probed by the CID,CB.In the press conference, Eklavya, however, refused to name the minister as well as the former Union minister. He said that he was made a 33% partner in the mining firm on March 3, 2003 with seven others including Prithavi Raj, Kishore Kumar and Devendra Kumar. Eklavya was 19-years-old and pursuing a graduation degree from Delhi University .Eklavya Singh's partnership in the firm was terminated on April 1, 2005. Alleging that the documents regarding end of his partnership were fraudulently prepared, Singh said that he had registered an FIR for forgery of documents with Gandhi Nagar police station in April, 2009. He claimed that the deed regarding termination of his partnership were prepared when he was not even in India. He alleged that his signature was forged. Eklavya claimed that despite criminal nature of the case, it was termed a civil dispute and an FR was filed.Devendra Kumar, Eklavya's former business partner, had alleged at a press conference in 2009 that the senior IAS officer had been misusing his position to harass him and harm his business. He then approached the lower court and the court of additional chief judicial court No 2 of Jaipur directed the Gandhi Nagar police to register a case and investigate the charges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17121558", "title": "Now, book DDA halls and parks online", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a bid to overcome the tent mafia menace, Delhi Development Authority (DDA) has announced online booking for its community halls and parks from Wednesday. Now, the status of all 154 venues under DDA can be checked online for availability.While many residents think the move will make the booking process more transparent, they say the proposal to hike security rates for bookings from Rs 50,000 to Rs 1 lakh would only burden the consumers, having no effect on tentwallahs. Consumers now have to submit the required documents and shell out a fee of Rs 50,000 or less for booking a DDA venue.Officials said that after providing necessary documents and payment of fees up to Rs 50,000, consumers can book any of the DDA venues for their functions. The move is believed to end the monopoly enjoyed by the tentwallahs as well as bring more clarity for those looking to book the DDA grounds.Tentwallahs are known to book the grounds in advance and erect pandals on them. This forces genuine customers to approach the tentwallahs to book the same venue at a higher price. \"There have been several complaints that genuine consumers are forced to pay astronomical amounts for booking DDA grounds. A committee was constituted to find a solution to the problem. Replacing the manual system with an online facility is part of the committee's recommendations,\" said an official.Activists, however, feel that the online system will not deter the tent mafia. \"Even today, pandals are already erected in many DDA grounds. The online system may improve the situation, but I doubt it will solve the problem entirely. MCD had launched the online booking system but there was a nexus between tentwallahs and civic officials. It will be tough for genuine consumers to book grounds as the nexus is unlikely to be affected,\" said Purushuttom Kalra, member of an NGO which has been fighting against the tent mafia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17123761", "title": "3 held for murder of sub-inspector", "text": "COIMBATORE: Three youths from Puthukulam village in Sivaganga district surrendered before a judicial magistrate court at Tirupur on Tuesday in connection with the murder of a sub-inspector of police at Vembathur in Sivaganga on October 27.T Alwin Sudhan, 25, a native of Tisayanvilai, was serving as a police sub-inspector at Thirupachethi police station. He was stabbed by a gang heading to Kalayarkovil to participate in the Maruthupandiar Guru Pooja Celebration on October 27. The assailants fled from the scene immediately. So far, 13 people have been held for the murder. Police identified all culprits in the case and three main accused were absconding.The prime accused M Prabhu, 27, M Muthukumar, 25 and R Maheswaran, 23, all hailing from Puthukulam village in Sivaganga district surrendered before judicial magistrate court -II at Tirupur on Tuesday morning. The magistrate Malar Mannan has remanded them to judicial custody for 15 days. The youths have been lodged at Coimbatore central prison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17123972", "title": "CAT 2012 ends", "text": "INDORE: Nearly 3,000 students from city appeared for the Common Admission Test (CAT) 2012 which came to an end on Tuesday. The examination was held at a single centre and was conducted within a window period of 21 days. The results are likely to be declared in the month of January.According to experts, the paper was easy in initial slots of the CAT and it got tougher as it came to conclusion. The paper of data interpretation and quantitative aptitude section was tough as compared to that of logical reasoning, one of them added.According to the organizing body Prometric, there has been a rise of five per cent in the number of candidates registering for the examination this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17121841", "title": "Salman Khurshid retains place in new GoM team on media", "text": "NEW DELHI: Following the recent Cabinet reshuffle, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has re-constituted the Group of Ministers (GoM) on media retaining Salman Khurshid who is now holding the charge of the ministry of external affairs and replacing ministers Ambika Soni and Pawan Kumar Bansal with their successors. Now, I&B; minister Manish Tewari is part of the GoM in place of Soni, while Bansal has been replaced by the parliamentary affairs minister Kamal Nath. Law minister Ashwini Kumar has also been included.The re-constitution of the GoM was necessitated following resignation of Soni as I&B; minister and shifting of Bansal from parliamentary affairs to railways. \"The GoM on media has been re-constituted on the basis of portfolios the ministers hold,\" an official said. Khurshid is the only minister, who has been retained despite a change in portfolio.The GoM is chaired by finance minister P Chidambaram. Health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad , telecom minister Kapil Sibal , minister of state in the PMO V Narayanasamy are the other GoM members.The GoM on media was set up in May, 2011, to counter the strident opposition attack on the government in the wake of 2G spectrum allocation issue. It is tasked with formulating a strategy to present the government's point of view on burning issues of the day, including nominating a spokesperson for it. About 11 ministers of state (MoSs) had also been nominated as additional members who could be called on to represent the government at various public platforms. There are likely to be changes in that list too as several MoSs have been promoted as Cabinet ministers while others have been given independent charge of their ministries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "perambalur", "code": "17124357", "title": "3 children rescued from farm owners", "text": "PERAMBALUR: Three boys who were forced to work as bonded labour in farms in Perambalur district have been rescued. Police action has been initiated against the farm owners and the parents of the children.N Venkatesan, 14, from Madhavacheri in Salem, K Pazhani, 12, from Tiruvannamalai and P Mani, 15, from Nattarmangalam in Perambalur were engaged to graze sheep in farms in Karai and Varagupaadi in Perambalur district. M Velmurugan, district organiser of Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA), conducted a raid in farms and rescued them.Moreover, the two farm owners, Senthil, 45, from Karai and Rangaraj, 47, from Varagupaadi were also summoned to appear before district collector Dr Darez Ahamed.The district collector enquired with the students and ordered the officials to admit them to boarding and lodging school (Undu Uraivida Palli).Likewise, the revenue divisional officer (RDO) R Revathi recommended police action against the two farm owners and the parents of the children under the Bonded Labours System Abolition Act.The collector also said that as of now, seven bonded labour children had been rescued in Perambalur district and all of them had been admitted in boarding and lodging school. Cases have been registered against five persons in this connection. Two of them have been convicted and fined Rs 2,000 each. The trial is underway. The children, aged between 6 and 14, must be given school education, the collector said and appealed to the public to inform the district if there were any bonded labour in Perambalur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17124668", "title": "Riverfront development needs experts\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 attention: Raj", "text": "NASHIK: Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) chief Raj Thackeray , currently in the city for two days, stressed the need for appointing a consultant for the riverfront development project.Thackeray spoke about the general development of the city, with special emphasis on the riverfront's development, at a meeting with civic officials and the mayor on Tuesday at the civic headquarters where he addressed four issues - road development, river pollution, riverfront development and the Goda Park project. The MNS chief said that a consultant should be appointed for the riverfront development and a plan for the beautification of Ramkund and surrounding areas of the river must be chalked out.He also asked Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) officials to seek help from experts to see how river pollution could be stopped.Thackeray asked the NMC to speed up the process of the remaining sewage treatment plants and construct them at the earliest. Commenting on road development, he said that ways and means should be found out to do so keeping the present financial state of the NMC in mind. Interestingly, the MNC chief did not speak at length about his pet project\u00e2\u20ac\u201d Goda Park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "17123093", "title": "Mannarasala temple festival to end today", "text": "Alappuzha: The district collector P Venugopal declared a holiday for all the educational institutions and government offices in the wake of Aayilyam Mahotsavam of Mannarasala Sree Nagaraja Temple at Haripad in Alappuzha.The three-day Aayilyam Mahotsavam of the temple will conclude on Wednesday. On the Ayilyam day, after the afternoon poojas, as part of the Ezhunellathu, the holy mother of Mannarasala will carry the golden deity (Thidambu) of the Nagaraja from the temple to the Illam.The younger mother and two elder most persons of the Illam who will carry the deities of Sarpayakshi and the Nagachamundi respectively will accompany the motherThe special poojas, which continue till late night, will end with the offering of 'thattil noorum palum'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "pau", "code": "17123249", "title": "PAU plans new shooting range, revamp of facilities", "text": "PAU: The Punjab Agricultural University (PAU), that boasts of an enviable infrastructure for sports in the state, is planning to add a new shooting range and spruce up the existing facilities.An order to build a 10-meter indoor shooting range costing Rs 32 lakh has been passed and the work will start in a couple of weeks. We will also build a roof over the seating area around athletic track. The fencing work around the track has already started, said Ramandeep Singh Grewal, deputy director sports, PAU. Celebrating its golden jubilee, PAU recently organized many sports events. Keeping in mind the monumental year, the varsity is also looking to revamp all the playing fields.The grass-fields for different sports, which have seen the wear and tear of time, will be re-leveled with sand, using laser technology, and grass will be sown again. We have put in new pipes so that all the fields can be watered, said Grewal.PAU has an indoor hall with wooden badminton courts, table tennis rooms and a gymnasium; a 50m swimming pool; a velodrome; tennis courts and fields for hockey, football and cricket.Sport supportCharanjit Singh, captain of the 1964 Olympic winning Indian hockey team, said the Punjab Agricultural University (PAU) provides great sports infrastructure in the region and youngsters should utilize it by working hard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17123719", "title": "State Election Commission moves high court on quota list", "text": "The State Election Commission (SEC) filed a petition before the HC seeking a direction to the government to publish reservation lists, to enable it to conduct elections to 209 Urban Local Bodies (ULB), including seven city corporations.The SEC claimed that repeated letters to the government had not yielded results. It said the failure to hold time-bound elections would be tantamount to contempt of the apex court's directive.LAWYER DIES BEFORE INTERVIEWPadmanabha Pannikkar, 74, an advocate from Dharwad, died of a massive heart attack in the high court. Pannikkar was sitting outside the hall where an interview was being held to select a member for the permanent Lok Adalat of Dharwad.He was given the 4pm slot for the interview, conducted by Justice K Sridhara Rao. He was declared dead at 4.20pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17124215", "title": "Man nabbed for trying to sell a gun", "text": "PANAJI: Munna Sheikh, 33, a resident of Dhargalim, Pernem, and a native of West Bengal was arrested by Mapusa police for allegedly selling a revolver in a public place.Speaking to mediapersons, Dy SP Serafin Dias said a Mapusa police team led by PI Tushar Vernekar conducted a raid and arrested Sheikh outside Tivim industrial estate at Karaswada, Mapusa.The accused was found in illegal possession of a revolver, 19 live rounds, three empty cases and 12,000 in cash. Mapusa police also confiscated a two-wheeler.The investigation revealed that the revolver was stolen from a hotel in Calangute a month ago. The thief who stole the revolver from the hotel had assigned Sheikh with the task of selling the revolver. \"The accused who stole the gun from the hotel has already been arrested by the Calangute police in another theft case,\" he added.The Mapusa police have registered the case under Section 3 and Section 5 (read with Section 25 and Section 27) of the India Arms Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17122428", "title": "Arun Bhardwaj hopes to inspire Indians with his endurance run", "text": "NAGPUR: The beatific smile camouflages the pain he may have endured while running across the length of the country.On his 60-day journey from Kargil to Kanyakumari, ultra-marathoner Arun Bhardwaj completed 2300km when he reached the heart of India - the Zero Milestone - on Tuesday evening at 5.15.The country's first internationally recognized ultra-distance runner, 43-year-old Arun took to endurance running to inspire his children to become middle distance runners and one day represent India at the Olympics.When Arun started the 4000km run, he knew that there would be challenges along the way. After a tough start on his way from the peaks of Kargil to some of the highest peaks in Leh and Ladakh, he has now hit the plains. Chanting the Hanuman chalissa throughout the run has helped Arun keep the problems at the back of his mind.\"This is basically an inspirational run across the country for Indians. Hopefully it will inspire every citizen and send the message that there are no limits,\" Arun told TOI.On his inspiration, Arun said, \"I started running when I was 30, after my daughter Zola was born. I wanted to inspire her. No one in my family has ever played any sport.\"Arun remains unfussy over his effort of running across India. \"There is nothing much to it, just wanted to prove that Indians can also do such high endurance activities. It is the faith that you have in yourself. If you believe in yourself you can do anything and anyone can do what I have done,\" said Arun.An employee with the Planning Commission, the UP-born Arun is a Delhi resident and has taken leave from work for the run.Arun began his running career with a 180-km solo run from Hardwar to Baghpat in 2000 and then went on to win the six-day 567-km race in South Africa in 2010. Last year, Arun participated in the world's toughest race, the Badwater Ultramarathon.With as much as 1700km left to conclude his journey in Kanyakumari, Arun has already made his plans.\"After this north-south run, next year I plan to run across India from east to west. I will kick off in Arunachal Pradesh and conclude in Gujarat,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17124651", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcSanitation staff must get medical checks\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "NASHIK: The members of National Commission for Safai Karmacharis (NCSK), who visited Nashik on Tuesday, reviewed the issues faced by sanitation employees in the district and suggested medical check-up camps every three months.NCSK member Swaraj Jeevan, convened a meeting of officials in the collectorate where he reviewed the state of facilities extended to the safai karmacharis in municipal councils and civic corporations as well.He suggested that medical check camps be taken up for sanitation workers every three months so that their health is looked after in a better manner.\"These people are the ones who play with their health to keep society healthy. They need access to better health facilities,\" Jeevan said. He pointed out that corporations and the state must take measures to ensure that the wards of safai karmacharis, who who are nearing retirement, are given employment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17121831", "title": "Icomos team does not miss the stains", "text": "HYDERABAD: It was a distressing sight for the International Council on Monuments and Sites (Icomos) delegates at Charminar on November 2. For, a spray of paan stains and graffiti along the walls inside the spiral stair cases of minarets greeted the team all pointing to the deplorable condition of the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) managed national monument.According to sources, ASI officials tried to cover up the shoddy maintenance job by taking delegates from north-west minaret, which houses the office of the ASI foreman, to the first level. A source requesting anonymity said, \"Since the staircase and the minaret as a unit is in better condition than the others, the team was taken to the first level from here. The other areas are in bad condition. The north-east staircase is from where the public enters.\"However, the glaring paan stains and the chipped lime walls revealing granite were too obvious to miss. According to sources, the team photographed these and expressed their displeasure to Charminar authorities. Further, the team suggested that sign boards describing the structure placed on the northern boundary needed to be raised for visitors to see.An ASI official said that the broken lattice-work on the south-east minaret came to their notice only on October 31 when the Bhagyalakshmi temple had removed tarpaulin sheets. When questioned, ASI officials said that renovation and restoration of broken lattices would start soon but failed to specify when. Chandana Khan, special chief secretary, tourism, cultural affairs &amp; archaeology and Krishnaiah, superintending engineer, ASI remained unavailable for comment.Meanwhile, a group of heritage activists met Icomos team member Chehryar Adil with a single point agenda of highlighting the fact that Naya Qila was an integral part of Golconda which also is vying for the prestigious Unesco tag alongside Charminar and Quli Qutub Shahi Tombs.Heritage activist Sajjad Shahid said, \"We met Adil on November 2 and told him that the Naya Qila is an undisturbed area with maximum site integrity. That it should be included in the Golconda core area and it should not be a buffer area. He told us that he has taken note of our concern. Only time will tell what will happen.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "17120983", "title": "Sindri goes without power for over 40 hours", "text": "SINDRI: Lack of planning and skill to tackle emergency situations by JSEB officials came to fore when nearly 3000 power consumers of this fertilizer township remained in darkness for nearly 40 hours. Although the JSEB authorities claimed that repairs were carried out by its workers braving inclement weather, people familiar with the problem feel that the time span could been reduced to half through meticulous planning.Power snapped at around 12.30 am on Sunday due to technical snag. In the morning, JSEB officials found fault with two of the insulators and one of the jumpers connecting two supply lines. By Monday noon, all these faults were corrected and when they tried to restore power supply one of the cables inside the factory ruptured. By the time they prepared to join the damaged cable, rain started and repair work had to be stopped midway.When residents increased pressure for restoring power supply, the authorities managed to restore it temporarily from 10.30 pm on Monday to 5.30 am Tuesday. But the cable-joining work took nearly 12 hours for the officials as power supply could be restored only at 6.30 pm on Tuesday.JSEB junior engineer Kameshwar Thakur said rain water gushed in the disjointed cable causing the delay. The bushes around area where the cable was damaged besides the short length of the cable also added to the problem, he lamented.However, retired electricity department employees of the fertilizer factory are not convinced. The JSEB authorities should have surveyed the power line properly before embarking on the maintenance work and all the faults could have been corrected simultaneously, opined a retired former engineer of the factory. He said leaving the disjointed cable without cover was the second major mistake that stretched the maintenance period", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17124491", "title": "Tripathi seeks copy of police report in Amar money laundering case", "text": "KANPUR: The designated Prevention of Corruption Act court of Kanpur, on Tuesday, ordered to provide a copy of final report and other documents filed by the investigation officer to complainant Shivakant Tripathi as per rules. Tripathi had lodged a complaint against former Samajwadi Party leader and Rajya Sabha MP Amar Singh.Tripathi appeared in the court and urged to provide a copy of the final report filed by circle officer Pavitra Mohan Tripathi, the case diary and all other annexures. The court had already fixed November 29 as next date of hearing in this case.Circle officer Pavitra Mohan Trpathi had filed a closure report in the court on November 1, 2012. The CO was asked to investigate into the matter on October 28, 2012.He completed the investigation and filed closure report within four days on November 1.In his report, the CO had mentioned that there was no evidence against the alleged accused, hence the case was being closed and a final submitted in the court.In the FIR registered on October 15, 2009 with the Babupurwa police, the complainant had alleged that Amar Singh had floated nearly eight companies, in which 168 small companies were amalgamated, allegedly with the intent of siphoning of Rs 500 crore of black money, for which he misused his position as chairman of the Uttar Pradesh Development Council during 2003 and 2007. Tripathi had also alleged that Singh had depicted his property worth Rs 32 crore when he had contested the Rajya Sabha election. Later, when he was made chairman of the development council, Singh declared property worth Rs 500 crore.The name of Amitabh Bachchan, Amar Singh's wife Pankaja Kumari Singh, former governor TN Chaturvedi and Noida-based industrialist Ashok Kumar Chaturvedi also figured.The case lodged by Babupurwa police on October 15 2009, included charges under Prevention of Money Laundering Act and Prevention of Corruption Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "17121117", "title": "I-T raid at Balmukund Steel offices", "text": "DHANBAD: Income-tax officials on Tuesday conducted raids at 20 different places linked to Balmukund steel company. According to IT officials, the IT teams visited different places in West Bengal , Bihar, Jharkhand and New Delhi to raid the offices, business premises and factories of the company which is engaged in manufacture and trade of iron and steel items for building constructions.Two places at Giridih, their office at Barmasiya road in the town and the factory at Mohanpur on Chatro road, 10km from district headquarters, and two places in Bihar capital, Patna's Exhibition Road, Lakhissarai, Deoghar, Kolkata and New Delhi are being searched. The IT officials claimed they have seized some important documents to suggest evasion of revenue by the company which is owned by Nawal Kanodiya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17121899", "title": "Staff crunch renders traffic drive ineffective", "text": "LUCKNOW: The ongoing traffic drive aimed at regulating traffic rules violations seems ineffective for the reason that strength of traffic cops in the city has reduced by 1/3rd in the Samajwadi Party regime. Lucknow traffic police, responsible for better management of vehicular movement, road safety measures and other activites related to motor vehicle rules enforcement, is reeling under severe manpower shortage. The state government's March 20 order, that allows posting of constables near their home districts, is the major reason for the existing 'shortage of force'.To placate the lower-rung officials the SP government accepted transfer requests of over 20,000 constables, but at the same time did not spare a thought for their replacements, said a senior rank official. As a result number of tickets issued by traffic cops to violators in the city has plunged significantly this year. \"The traffic drive will not be able to yield desired results this year due to staff shortage,\" added the official.While result of the drive will be known only later this month, offenders caught by traffic police till October end this year were far less in number than previous years. Between January and October 2010 close to 83,000 motorists were fined in Lucknow. During the corresponding period in 2011 about 59,000 motorists were fined. In the ten months period this year, only 45,000 motorists have been fined.Considering June and July to be a lull period for the chief of Lucknow police had snatched away the powers to issue tickets from traffic cops during the two months, a drop of about 46 per cent from 2010 level, was something the present dispensation was not able to justify.Additional director general Traffic directorate A K D Dwivedi blamed staff shortage on \"change in policy\" and said the process to fill up vacant positions will be expedited. The traffic of the Lucknow city was being managed by 600 constables for past four years, out of which 187 requested for transfers following decision by SP government, says a senior cop. In fact, government over four years back had sanctioned a strength of 722 traffic constables for the capital city.The current policymakers and senior rank officials, instead of increasing strength of traffic constables to 722, thought it was more important to transfer the staff from the police department already short of hands.Needless to say, city will continue to suffer from bottlenecks as the process to get replacements is tedious. R M Srivastava, principal secretary (Home), said, \"I have been told about manpower shortage in the traffic cell and have sent out instructions to officials to improve the situation. The problem is not restricted only to Lucknow and we have to look at resource management in other districts too.\"Only trained police personnel who have knowledge of motor vehicle rules can be considered for replacements. Also, personnel from other police departments generally do not opt for traffic department as it requires more physical work. Meanwhile, senior superintendent of police R K Chaturvedi confirmed he had received a letter from Traffic Directorate a few days back. \"We have identified some candidates and their training is underway,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17121728", "title": "Another temple in Hyderabad burgled", "text": "HYDERABAD: Despite tall claims by police about intensified patrolling, burglars struck at Venkateswara temple in Gaddiannaram on Tuesday and stole 1.5 kg silver ornaments.It is the seventh temple burglary in the past one month in the city. Burglars stole jewellery and valuables from seven temples, including Venkateswara temple and Pochamma temple at Malakpet, Mahankali temple at Lal Darwaja, Mahankali temple and Hanuman temple at Uppuguda and two more temples in Ameerpet and Narayanguda. Police are yet to find culprits in any of these cases.According to police, burglars broke into Venkateswara temple in Gaddiannaram in the early hours of Tuesday and escaped with silver body armour and sword of the deity.To mislead the night patrol team, burglars did not break the main gate lock. Instead, they jumped the compound wall and entered the temple premises. They then broke the lock of the iron grill surrounding the main temple and then cut open the door latch of the sanctum sanctorum.After a series of temple thefts in the Old City during October, the Hyderabad police had launched 'temple patrolling' strategy to prevent further burglary attempts. As part of this strategy, the night patrolling teams would visit each temple in their jurisdiction once every 30 minutes. A point-book is being maintained at each temple to log in the details of each visit. \"At Venkateswara temple too, the patrolling teams visited promptly, but as the main gate lock was intact, they thought everything was safe and left the place,\" Malakpet inspector N Satyanarayana said.Incidentally, the temple has a watchman and the priest's family stays on its premises. Investigators found it a intriguing that despite all these security measures, the burglars succeeded in committing the theft that too after scaling the wall and breaking two locks.During preliminary investigation, temple watchman Bhikshapati claimed that he was at the temple till 4am and then went home. Temple priest Srikanth Chary along with four of his family members reside on the temple premises. In his statement to police, the priest said he heard dogs barking at about 3am, but did not get up as the temple has a watchman. Fingerprints have been collected from the crime scene and a case was booked under section 457/380 (burglary) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "17123006", "title": "College told to avoid late-night functions", "text": "MOHALI: Women are not safe in and around their educational institutes too.The father of a girl, who was attacked and molested before a kidnap bid near GCG-42 on September 9, said, \"The incident showed that girls are not safe even near their colleges. Security was increased after the incident, but now you will find not more than two women cops outside the college.\" During an interaction session about one-and-a-half months ago, a student of GCG-11 had told SSP Naunihal Singh that a man in khaki had harassed her. A few days later, a home guard volunteer was dismissed after the girl identified him on September 27. SP (city) Swarandeep Singh said, \"The Landran college has been suggested not to hold programmes late at night. Policemen will be deployed around the institute.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "17121351", "title": "Was Neil Heywood, murdered by Bo Xilai's family, an MI6 agent?", "text": "BEIJING: He drove a Jaguar with 007 licence number and flaunted his connections with the MI6 as well as the cream of Chinese Communist Party. A year after British businessman Neil Heywood's murder, for which then Communist Party boss Bo Xilai and his wife Gu Kailai were implicated, the Wall Street Journal has reported that he worked for the British secret service , the MI6.The revelations, if true, will punch holes in Beijing's claim that Gu killed Heywood because of a business dispute and also because she feared the Briton might harm her son.The newspaper said Heywood reported to an MI6 officer about the goings-on in the lives of Bo, the party chief in Chongqing and a member of the Polit Bureau that contains China's top 25 leaders. Bo, who was tipped for the nine-member all-powerful standing committee, was sacked as provincial chairman and finally thrown out of the party early this month. Gu was sentenced to life imprisonment for the murder.Neither the Chinese nor the British government have so far given any indication about the Briton's spying links. When asked about the report, the Chinese foreign ministry took a rare stand that the Bo case would be handled both according to the rules of the Communist Party and the laws of the country. The ministry does not usually mention the party in its briefings because it is supposed to represent the government.The revelation is also likely to cause embarrassment in London because British foreign secretary William Hague had categorically said, \"Heywood was not an employee of the British government in any capacity.\" It also raised questions on why the British government did not request an autopsy and allowed the Chinese authorities to cremate his body without proper forensic investigations.London had requested Beijing to reopen investigations only after Wang Lijun, then police chief of Chongqing, had sought shelter in a US consulate and told officials that Gu had claimed to have \"killed a spy\". There are signs the US shared the information supplied by Wang with the British.The Chinese government either failed to keep a tab on Heywood or used him to spy on the Bo family, sources said. Question are being asked about whether the British authorities shared Heywood's information with some Chinese leaders to help them settle scores with Bo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17123071", "title": "US investor sets up startup school in Kochi", "text": "KOCHI: Freeman Murray, an angel investor from the US, plans to set up a startup school for young entrepreneurs in collaboration with Startup Village. The school will be in the campus of the Kochi-based telecom incubator.\"The school would enroll 100 students initially for a six-month course, of which four months will be devoted to residential class at the Startup Village campus from which the brighter ones with better ideas and entrepreneurship skills would be selected for the final two month course,\" said Murray. Preference would be given to those with better communication skill with a good command over English which, he said, is essential to succeed in this sector.\"This is a real opportunity in India,\" Murray commented on the pro-entrepreneurship policy of the state government while talking to \"The Startup School is a large-scale initiative to help young first time entrepreneurs in India launch successful Internet companies. It is going to be a full-time residential programme. It will also review online classes students can participate in to improve their startup skills,\" Murray told reporters in Kochi on Tuesday.\"It's a great time to start a technology company. The internet has made it possible for smart people everywhere to create products and earn money online,\" observed Murray, who hadbeen working with startups for the past 15 years in India and the US. \"I am setting up this programme in Kerala to help young people who are interested in technology and entrepreneurship to start technology companies,\" he added.Murray had earlier run an incubation programme at IIM Ahmedabad and set up a large art and technology space called Jaaga.in. in Bengaluru. Since 2000, he has been an active angel investor for over 20 companies in the US and India.Murray, who has worked with the original Java group at Sun Microsystems, founded his own technology company Kendara Inc, and sold it two years later to Excite@Home for $120 million.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17122270", "title": "Warehouses to have solar power units", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra State Warehousing Corporation (MSWC) has undertaken a project to utilize the roofs of its warehouses for solar power generation.The corporation has initiated a tender process to seek advice for the project from consultants, who will study the technical aspects and identify suitable locations to install solar power generation units. In the first phase, the aim would be to generate about 10MW solar energy. In the next five years, the project will be extended to more suitable sites.The corporation has warehouse complexes at more than 150 centres all over the state. There are more than 770 warehouse units constructed on an area of about 100 lakh sq ft with a capacity of more than 14 lakh metric tonnes. Officials said the roofs of the warehouses covered a huge area.\"A panel of consultants is expected to submit its detailed project report (DPR) within two months after the appointment. Based on the DPR, further tenders will be called. It will specify how much area would be utilized to install the solar power technology,\" an official said.The corporation intends to set up solar power projects combining a maximum possible capacity in each centre, the officials added. The project would comprise generation facilities and distribution of solar power to the warehouse centre and sell it to the MSEDCL through a power purchase agreement.Officials said work on the initial phase would start within six to eight months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17123786", "title": "Fool-proof mechanism should be in place to protect antique idols", "text": "The thefts of antique idols are nothing new. But what is surprising is that in so many years, a fool-proof mechanism has not been put in place to protect these priceless wonders. It is also strange that when hundreds of pilgrims and worshippers pay visit to these temples and also pay hefty donations, why these idols are not protected or insured properly. The whole issue is handled very loosely and merely blaming international smugglers will not do. Either the state or the ASI, which in most cases look after the temple structures, will have to take active part in protecting the idols.Related story:  OMG! antique idol thefts on the rise", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17122222", "title": "37 more down with dengue fever in Pune", "text": "PUNE: As many as 37 new cases of dengue were reported in the city on Tuesday. This is the highest figure recorded on a single day ever since the transmission of dengue fever started increasing in the city from September.In the last six days, a whopping 130 cases have been reported. Sporadic cases of chikungunya and malaria, too, were reported during the period. Most of the dengue cases were from fringe areas like Kalewadi, Bopodi, Dapodi, Vadgaonsheri, Dhanori, Nashik road and Chandannagar. Besides, some were reported from Kothrud, Gokhalenagar and Shukrawar Peth.\"Of the 37 cases reported on Tuesday, 29 were from Pune municipal limits, while nine were from other areas,\" city health chief S T Pardeshi said.\"Our health officials, who visited the houses of dengue patients, found mosquito breeding sites inside the houses. People need to be vigilant as prevention measures are extremely important of check the spread of dengue fever,\" he added.Citizens should keep their houses clean and ensure that there is no stagnation of fresh water. At least six people have succumbed to dengue fever in the city so far.\"Proper solid waste disposal and improved water storage practices, including covering containers to prevent access to egg-laying female mosquitoes, should be followed,\" said Pardeshi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17123755", "title": "Guidelines for buses tough: Schools", "text": "COIMBATORE: The revised guidelines of the transport department for school buses are difficult to comply with, say school managements. After a 6-year-old student died in an accident, slipping through a hole in a moving school bus on July 25, the state transport department had come up with specifications for school buses and vans. Many of the revised instructions which came into force on October 1 are difficult to be complied with, complain schools.The guidelines say that school buses and vans taking students should have emergency exits which are 5 feet in length and 4 feet in breadth. The size of the windows must be 55cm X 70 cm. Other instructions say that the step board should be less than one foot from the ground. Apart from the driver, there is supposed to be a helper between the age of 21 and 50 years who should have a valid conductor licence. Moreover, speed governors must be installed in buses.Schools say that it is impossible to follow many of the instructions as they will have to reconstruct the vehicles. Moreover, all the buses are supposed to produce the vehicles by December end. The Fitness Certificate (FC) of school buses is to be renewed every year. According to transport officials, at least 55 vehicles were denied the FC for not complying with the new guidelines proposed by the department. Only 6 vehicles which fulfilled the guidelines were issued FCs on Tuesday.R Visalakshi, the president of the private school association says that most school buses which had to revise their fitness certificates have not been granted the FC as they could not follow the guidelines. She says that after December all the school buses will stop transporting students to schools as they may not be able to revise their FC licenses. \"To comply with the guidelines, we will have to reconstruct the buses which will cost several lakhs of rupees. Moreover the wielding and other changes can cause more harm than good,\" she says.G Krishnaraj, the general secretary of the Tamil Nadu Nursery, Primary, Matriculation schools says that schools will have to stop plying vehicles if the guidelines are strictly implemented. \"If the government insists that the guidelines are followed, parents may have to be entrusted with the duty of transporting students. We are forced to wash our hands off from the responsibility,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17122389", "title": "Claudius better but not out of danger", "text": "KOLKATA: The condition of hockey legend Leslie Claudius, who was admitted to a hospital on the Eastern Metropolitan Bypass on Monday evening, has improved but he is not out of danger yet.According to Olympian Gurbux Singh, who visited the three-time gold medallist in the afternoon, he was told by doctors that Claudius - who has cirrhosis of the liver - was responding to treatment.Accompanying Gurbux was 87-year-old Keshav Dutt, who won gold with Claudius at the 1948 London and the 1952 Helsinki Games. Claudius went on to be part of the gold-winning team at the 1956 Melbourne Games before he led the country to a silver in Rome four years later.\"His condition is marginally better than it was yesterday, when he was unconscious,\" said Gurbux, also the Bengal Hockey Association secretary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17122487", "title": "Undertrial loses fingers due to 'torture' by UP police", "text": "NEW DELHI: The National Human Rights Commission on Tuesday issued notices to UP Police and jail authorities following reports of a man losing his fingers and facing amputation of his gangrene feet due to alleged custodial torture. The rights body has issued notices to senior superintendent of police and superintendent of district jail in Gorakhpur after Ashutosh Singh of Kaushali village of the district lost four fingers and was facing the possibility of amputation of his feet due to spread of gangrene after being allegedly tortured by police, an NHRC statement said.The action by the rights' body came following a report forwarded by an NGO that Singh was arrested by the SHO of Sahjanva Police Station and severely tortured in custody. He was later sent to district jail in an injured condition. The jail administration sent him to a medical college where doctors stated that he was suffering from gangrene, the statement said.Singh, after getting bail got treatment in SPGI in Lucknow, Safdarjung Hospital and AIIMS in New Delhi, where doctors had to amputate his four fingers to save his life. There is also a possibility that his feet may be amputated because of gangrene, it said.\"The Commission directed the SSP, Gorakhpur to submit report within four weeks,\" the NHRC said. The rights body has also directed the jail superintendent to submit a copy of the admission register showing the health of the victim at the time of admission and discharge from jail along with medical treatment given to him during judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17124412", "title": "Nagpur University turns into a fortress to guard against agitating students", "text": "NAGPUR: For the fourth day in a row, beleaguered engineering students gathered in front of Nagpur University to press for their demands. On Tuesday NU resembled a fortress with scores of policemen forming a security cordon around it.The university was besieged by morchas voicing their various demands since morning. Aggrieved students from the law department too gathered before the university seeking postponement of their examinations that begin from Thursday.Various students' organizations, who were absent from the scene till yesterday, have suddenly found their voice. These include ABVP, NSUI and MNS. According to the agitating students, vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal and pro-VC Mahesh Yenkie are not paying heed to their complaint about undervaluation of their answersheets. They said that instead of solving their problem these top officials have asked them to approach the high court.Even the police officials led by DCP Zone-I Kailash Kanse gave the students the same advice and also asked them to wait for two more days till the Academic and Management Councils meet on Wednesday and Thursday respectively to decide their fate.Meanwhile, another group of students met the NU officials requesting them not to defer the BE exams as it was clashing with GATE, scheduled on January 20, and other competitive exams.Officials, however, blamed colleges for illegally granting provisional admission to ineligible students by flouting norms and then sending them to NU after problems cropped up. They raised serious doubts as to why these students hadn't agitated in the last couple of years.They claimed that the former controller of examination (COE) Siddarth Kane had allegedly allowed 'jumping' students who failed to clear their first or second year exams to appear in third and fourth year (semesters) exams while flouting rules and regulations.The exams are conducted as per ordinances 27 of 2008 and 6 of 2009 and granting 'jumping' facility to these students was prohibited. Even 'carry on' facility that allowed admission to such failed students to the subsequent years was also allegedly allowed during Kane's tenure. When the new team of pro-VC Mahesh Yenkie and COE Vilas Ramteke took charge, they stopped these 'jumping' admissions that led hundreds of students to storm the NU premises.\"Many students approached us citing their seniors or their batch mates getting 'jumping' admissions. Only after that we realized that in the last two years, many such admissions took place by blatantly flouting norms and of course with the consent of the former COE,\" an official revealed. Kane however didn't respond to the several calls made to him.Panel to probe illegal admissionsNagpur University seems to have realized its mistake of letting its affiliated colleges off the hook with the latter indulging in granting illegal admissions. VC Vilas Sapkal constituted a panel to probe illegal admissions in colleges offering professional courses like engineering, law and MBA.The panel will comprise engineering faculty dean Ravindra Kshirsagar, commerce dean Bharat Meghe, law dean Anjali Hastak and the joint director of technical education or his nominee. NU deputy registrar SS Bharambe will be its member secretary. The panel is expected to submit a report within a month.\"The panel will scrutinize all admissions by colleges offering professional education in the last two years. It will also check whether the colleges had illegally granted provisional admissions to garner fees from the students,\" registrar Ashok Gomase told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17124119", "title": "Meal prices on trains go up", "text": "PATNA: The railways has come up with a new catering policy under which it has revamped its catering services on running trains across the country. The prices of vegetarian and non-vegetarian meals have also been hiked with a view to further improving the quality of meals being served to passengers on long-distance mail and express trains.According to a Railway Board official, the catering services in mail and express trains have been taken back from the Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation and assigned to the different zones of the railways. Now the railway zones have been providing catering services on all the running trains barring Rajdhani Express and Shatabdi Express, he said and attributed the hike in prices to rising prices of essential commodities.A senior commercial official of East Central Railway (ECR) said the zone enhanced prices of meals and breakfast as per the new directives of the Railway Board with effect from October 10. While the price of breakfast has been enhanced from Rs 32 to Rs 49 per passenger, that of the main vegetarian meal has gone up from Rs 60 to Rs 82 per plate. The price of two pieces of 'samosa' has been hiked from Rs 12 to Rs 19 and that of 'pakora' from Rs 20 to Rs 29, sources said adding 'paneer pakora' was now available for Rs 38 as against earlier Rs 26.As for non-vegetarian items, fish curry has been priced at Rs 112 per plate, up from Rs 72 earlier. Chicken curry is now available for Rs 110 as against Rs 72 earlier. The cost of egg biryani has increased from Rs 52 to Rs 70 per plate. 'Chhole bhature' is now being sold for Rs 38 per plate as against Rs 28 earlier. The price of veg sandwich has gone up from Rs 18 to Rs 22 per plate.Meanwhile, several passengers like Tushar, Rashmi, Babloo and many others complained that the prices of meals have been hiked abnormally but the quality has not been improved as yet. \"The meals are satisfactory on the Patna-New Delhi Sampoorna Kranti Express, but it is not so on Magadh Express, Shramjeevi Express and Patna-Mumbai trains,\" one of them said while another suggested the railways must carry out surprise checks to maintain food quality on running trains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "17123443", "title": "Sikh bodies stage dharna, want councillor's arrest", "text": "JALANDHAR: Sikh organizations staged a dharna in Model Town market here late Tuesday evening after three men were allegedly thrashed by a Congress councillor and his aides on Cool Road area. During the attack, they also allegedly removed the turban of a person in the presence of police.This happened in the early afternoon and after police could not register a case till late evening, Sikh organizations staged a dharna in the Model Town market and blocked traffic.According to the statement of Sandeep Sood, recorded by the police, who was severely injured with sharp- edged weapons, he and his friends Amarjit Singh and Karan Sharma were called to Cool Road by one Jatinder Singh and as they waited for him, sword-wielding men attacked them and dragged them inside the complex of a vehicle company. He alleged that he was attacked with sharp-edged weapons.Even as the police reached there immediately, councillor Amit Dhall and his associates allegedly thrashed Amarjit badly and even as policemen were trying to save him they removed his turban.In the evening, Sikh organizations staged a dharna demanding arrest of Dhall and his associates for the attack and for hurting religious sentiments.Meanwhile, Dhall and his associates kept on alleging that they were attacked by Soni and his friends. Police also recovered two empty bullet shells which were fired by one of the assailants who attacked Soni.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17121861", "title": "Lokayukta to probe into Mayawati\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s sale of sugar mills, again", "text": "LUCKNOW: A day after she got relief in the Taj Heritage Corridor scam case from the High Court, Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) chief Mayawati landed in fresh trouble with the Akhilesh Yadav-led Samajwadi Party (SP) government deciding to recommend a Lok Ayukta probe into the alleged Rs 1,200-crore government sugar mill sale scam during the BSP rule. The decision has been taken following widespread criticism that Akhilesh is soft on his predecessor and is trying to protect senior bureaucrats and an influential businessman, also a liquor baron, allegedly involved in the scam.But the decision came under cloud right after its announcement. Farmer leader V M Singh, who was the first to point out that government sugar mills in Amroha and Bulandshahr were sold much below the market price, said he had lodged a complaint with Lokayukta Justice (Rtd) N K Mehrotra in September 2011 to investigate the allegations. Mehrotra, in October 2011, however, decided to close the investigation on grounds that the matter was sub juice in the Allahabad High Court. \"Last year, when the probe was closed, the matter was sub judice. At present, the court has still not pass its judgment in the matter. I don't understand how the government decided, this time, to have the scam probed by the Lok Ayukta,\" said Singh, claiming all sugar mills were sold at throw-away prices to private players by the Mayawati government.Though Justice Mehrotra refused to comment on Tuesday's cabinet decision saying he had still not received official word on the matter, he maintained the nature of the probe was different last year. \"Last year, the petition was filed by an individual. Also, the enquiry had to be closed on the plea that a cabinet decision cannot be probed under the Lok Ayukta Act,\" he said, refusing further comment.Sources in the government confirmed that with the state cabinet recommending the probe this time, the Lok Ayukta is not bound by the previous decision. Officials also said the Lok Ayuktya, under section 18 of the Lok Ayukta Act had over arching powers to investigate any charges. In addition, though the matter continues to be sub judice, the court, a senior government official said, has not said no enquiry may be conducted into the matter.Apart from Singh's petition, two public interest litigations were filed in the High Court earlier this year seeking a high-level inquiry into the sale of the mills. One of the litigants, social activist Nutan Thakur, however, expressed surprise at the government's decision.Earlier, the SP had in its election manifesto announced formation of an inquiry commission to probe into all the alleged scams that occurred during the BSP rule. After coming to power, though, the government did nothing. Though Akhilesh tabled the report in the assembly during the monsoon session of the state assembly, in a written reply to a query by his party MLA, the chief minister said there was no need for another enquiry.Facing flak from all quarters, the SP government set up a nine-member committee headed by the chief secretary to probe into anomalies in the sale of sugar mills. Though it remains unclear what this enquiry committee recommended, the government, through a cabinet approval on Tuesday, has decided to hand over the probe to the Lok Ayukta.Despite asking for a Lok Ayukta probe being apparently a tough decision, UP has still failed to comply with the recommendation of the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) report, which found large scale anomalies in the sale of the government sugar mills. Though the CAG report recommended a detailed inquiry through the Enforcement Directorate (ED) and other competent agencies, the Lok Ayukta, an officer said, is only equipped to point out procedural lapses and losses to the exchequer, which the CAG had already unearthed.The multi-crore-rupee scam refers to former CM Mayawati's decision to privatise 10 operational sugar mills belonging to the UP State Sugar Corporation Limited. The BSP government also, in 2007, privatised 11 closed mills belonging to UP Rajya Chini Evam Ganna Vikas Nigam Limited. The 21 mills were sold between July 2010 and March 2011. The sale was made through a 'core group of secretaries for disinvestment', established under the UP government. In its probe, CAG said anomalies were noticed at every step-from undervaluing land and plant machinery, rigging of bids, disclosure of expected prices and evasion of stamp duty evasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17122672", "title": "All projects above Rs 10 lakh will now require UDH minister's approval only once", "text": "JAIPUR: Work orders for projects above Rs 10 lakh will now have to be approved only once by the urban development and housing (UDH) minister before they are released. The JDA said this has been done to avoid delays in the projects and an order in this regard was released on June 15 this year.\"Now, permission will only be taken at the time of issuing the work orders as the process was time consuming. The officials can invite tenders on their own and approval will not be required,\" a senior JDA official said. \"Taking permission for civil work like construction of roads or doing patch-work from the minster is not possible every time,\" the official said.The previous ordered stress on three points. First, after the implementation of orders, JDA officials have to mention the estimated cost of the civil works for the approval.Second, the officials were required to seek approval after preparing proposals for the civil work for which tender processes have been completed but work orders are yet to be given. Finally, the minister will order that a list of requests forwarded by the public representatives be prepared.Official sources in the department claimed that the recent decision was taken since the assembly elections were just a year away. \"UDH minister Shanti Dhariwal wanted to tighten the noose on officials who initiate costly projects without the ministry's involvement. Moreover, the instructions for the government officials have come at a point when the ruling party legislators and office-bearers have repeatedly complained that the state bureaucracy was going unbridled,\" a source said.Since the decision was made, the officers have covertly begun objecting to the change on the ground that the new process would be more time consuming and, moreover, the minister would be busy with the elections.The previous order was also given as the minister was disappointed and questioned the bureaucratic nod for a pilot project on ducting in the old city. The officials failed to even bring the project to the minister's notice. Dhariwal also expressed ire over the officials' unilateral decision to give the go ahead to the company for preparing a detailed project report ( DPR) of the ducting project. The minister termed the project \"infeasible\" and claimed that JDA and JMC do not have funds for the project at the moment to support the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17124110", "title": "Spiritual, religious leaders converge in state", "text": "PANAJI: The movement for peaceful inter-religious co-existence has been taken to a new level which saw many spiritual and religious leaders from different sectors converge in the state.The inter-religious 'Peace and Harmony Conference', which is the first of its kind, was organized by the Universal Peace Federation to bring together people of different religions through common religious principles and establish a global council for maintaining inter-religious peace.Speaking about the initiative, chairman of UPF India, Eduardo Faleiro said at the conference in Dona Paula yesterday, \"To counter widespread misuse of religion to justify conflicts, it is necessary that an inter-religious council be constituted at the United Nations to promote religious reconciliation at the global level. Since the Indian government is supportive of the idea but want its parameters to be concretized, we decided to interact and garner support for the movement from people in the country.\"So far, the conference has received wide acclamation and is the first to get welcomed in writing by top politicians in India, including President Pranab Mukherjee , vice president Hamid Ansari, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , defence minister A K Antony and senior BJP leader L K Advani.Robert Kittel, director of Peace Education, UPF Asia, added, \"The conference is important for a number of reasons. First, we have a large number of religious leaders from all sectors. We also have high levels of support from the Indian government.\"Imam Umer Ahmad, president of the All India Imam Organization of Mosques, New Delhi, said, \"India is the heartland of diversity. We have diverse religions and different festivals. We celebrate our diversity by celebrating each other's festivals. Respect for each other's religion and views is the way towards peace and harmony.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17122291", "title": "Neighbour regrets not being home to save Spanish girl", "text": "MUMBAI: It was a cruel twist of fate that when the Spanish woman needed her neighbour the most, she was out of town. When the neighbour returned home the next day, she could not stop regretting the fact that had she been around, the victim could have been saved from the clutches of the accused.Confronted by the accused, the victim, who stays on Perry Cross Road in Bandra (W), rushed out of her flat and banged frantically on her neighbour's door on the third floor. But she did not get any response and before she could seek help from the other flat residents, the accused dragged her back to her apartment where he allegedly raped her. \"I was not in town. I returned today and learnt about the incident,\" from other residents of the building,\"said the woman who stays in the third-floor flat. \"We all are shaken by the incident and deeply saddened. We have never experienced such a thing in this locality in 50 years.\" It's such a blot on our country.\"Describing the woman as \"an attractive lady and a good human being\", the neighbour said she was an accomplished music composer and was in Mumbai on a short visit for an artistes exchange programme.It was a cruel twist of fate as the Spanish national from Perry Cross Road in Bandra(west) went knocking on her neighbour's door and received no response on Monday night. The victim was then dragged inside and allegedly raped by the intruder.The third floor neighbour who was friendly with the Spainard regrets not being present on that fateful night. Speaking with TOI, the absent neighbour said that the incident had shaken all residents of Peridot building.\"I was not in town. I came back today and heard about the incident from other neighbours. I heard she ran and knocked on my flat for help. The victim was an attractive lady and a good human being. It has deeply saddened us. We have not experienced such a thing in 50 years of living in this locality. It's such a blot on our country for such a thing to happen to a decent lady. The victim was a highly accomplished music composer and was in Mumbai on a short visit, on an Artistes Exchange Programme,\"she said on condition of anonymity.Other residents of the building told TOI that the victim kept screaming for help from her bathroom but they could not figure from where the shouts were coming. \"She locked herself in the bathroom and for a long time, we couldn't figure out which floor the screams were coming from. Her screams got trapped in the bathroom duct. and echoed.Maybe, she would have suffered a little less if we could trace her earlier,\" said a resident. of the building.Only when the victim started switching the light on and off, sending out a distress signal, could they finally zero in on the flat. But it was not easy to calm her down, residents said. \"Those staying on the second and fourth floors kept speaking to her through bathroom ducts, assuring her that the police were on the way and that she was now safe,\" another neighbour said. But even after the cops arrived,and broke open her flat door, she refused to step out, fearing that the accused was still inside.After much coaxing from the cops as well as the neighbours, she finally came outside.The residents of the building are upset that two guards on duty were so deep in sleep that they neither noticed the intruder nor heard the woman's screams. \"Our guards were asleep. It was the guard in the next building and the neighbours who alerted the police. We will take stringent action against the guards,\" said a neighbour. \"But the guards argued that they worked on double shifts and were exhausted.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17121119", "title": "Dance of democracy grips America", "text": "WASHINGTON: While the Presidential election took centerstage on Tuesday, Americans were also voting for the 435-member House of Representatives and one-third of the 100-member Senate, both of which are turned over every two years with profound consequences both for foreign relations and domestic policy. A status quo is on the cards, with Republicans retaining the House and Democrats holding the Senate.Eleven state governships, a host of local bodies, and numerous propositions and referendums -- from legalizing marijuana to recognizing gay marriage -- are also on the ballot in various states, ensuring that the voting is a long, deliberative process, not just a quick decision on the White House.Republicans are expected to retain the House, easily warding off a challenge from Democrats who need 25 seats to wrest control. Unlike in India, where a majority of lawmakers (MPs and MLAs) are turfed out in each election, most US lawmakers are re-elected with metronomic regularity. For a change though, the 2012 Congressional election features a surge of minority candidates, including 49 Latinos and 21 Asian-Americans. Among them, Indian-Americans Ricky Gill and Ami Bera, and American Hindu, Tulsi Gabbard, all with good chances of making it to Washington DC.In addition, Republicans are also poised to elect the party's first African-American woman to the House with Mayor Mia Love of Saratoga Springs, Utah tipped to unseat six-term Democrat Jim Matheson. Another Republican surprise would be Richard Tisei, whose expected triumph over Democrat John Tierney would make him the first openly gay Republican elected to Congress.All this is a harbinger of the changing face of America that is fast losing its white, conservative majority cachet.In fact, any outside chance of Mitt Romney ousting Democrat Obama from the White House depends largely on the turnout of the WORMs - that's White, Older, Richer, Men who are regarded as Republican challenger's core constituency - and whether they can outvote the Obama faithful who are typically more diverse, younger, and less wealthy, with women forming a majority.Demographic experts say the 2012 elections mark a watershed in US politics when the weight of the Republican core will fall below levels sustainable to win the White House. In other words, the changing demographics of America, with whites becoming a minority in many states, will ensure a perpetual Democratic win unless the Republican Party recasts itself.In purely numerical terms, minorities now constitute 26 per cent of the national vote, up from 10-12% in the Clinton years. Obama is seen to have a lock on 80% of the minority votes. For Romney to overturn this advantage, he would need to win nearly 65 per cent of the White vote, which is seen as a hard get considering that women tend to lean away from Republicans.All these factors seem to make a Romney win improbable, but stranger things have happened in America.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17124066", "title": "This village never runs out of gas!", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Instead of organizing protests against rising fuel prices, residents of Thamna village in Anand have set up a plant that produces natural gas. Thamna Bio-Power and Organic Producers Company Ltd, owned by 700 farmers of Thamna, produces enough gas to run a 15 horse-power three-phase pump to supply irrigation water . But they are dreaming big. By February, they want to produce 1,000 cubic metres of natural gas daily and sell to its farmers and locals at a cheaper rate!The Rs 1.75-crore bio-power plant, which will use 150 tonnes of organic waste daily to produce methane gas, will have a mini-refinery attached to convert methane into compressed natural gas (CNG). In effect they will produce 600 kg CNG daily, enough to meet a major portion of the village's fuel needs.\"The gas will be sold in bottles which can be used in auto-rickshaws , tractors and cars and also for cooking. While the price will be fixed by the board of the company, it will be cheaper than the market rates,\" said 64-yearold Chandrakant Patel, Thamna's NRI sarpanch , who returned to the village from the US. Patel has earned laurels for facilitating 24-hour water and power supply in the village and running English medium schools. Patel says the company will take all required safety clearances before selling gas.Landless farmers have contributed Rs 1,000 each for the company, while bigger landowners have contributed Rs 10,000 each. The company has tied up with vegetable markets in Anand, Dakor, Nadiad and Umreth to pick up their waste to run the project. Cow dung will be collected from Dakor Gowshala . \"For the first time, farmers who are consumers will produce CNG and in turn ensure that their village gets rid of waste. The fuel will be sold at least 20-30 % cheaper than market rate,\" said technical consultant of the project Sanjay Patel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "17124114", "title": "Two years later, girl, 'kidnapper' found", "text": "PONDA: The Ponda police have traced a girl allegedly kidnapped two years ago from Tisk-Usgao to a hutment in the industrial workers' colony in Bhosari-Pune in neighbouring Maharashtra.She has been living there with the alleged kidnapper and they have a child.After being brought back to Goa by the police team, the alleged accused, Hassan Shaukat Ali Nadaf, 29, a resident of Usgao, was arrested.The 'victim' (now 20 years old) and her one-year-old-child have been handed over to the girl's parents as per her wishes, Ponda police said.Ponda PI Sagar Ekoskar said the accused had allegedly kidnapped the then 17-year-old girl from Tisk-Usgao and her parents had lodged a complaint with the police on January 25, 2010.The police had started a search drive to trace them then but the effort was in vain.Recently the Ponda police received a tip-off about the accused and a team led by PSI Mohan Gaude went to Pune.They found the accused and the girl at a labourers' hutment in the MIDC industrial area at Bhosari.The victim was staying with the accused in the hutment. The accused was working as a mason.Quoting the statements of the accused and the girl, Ekoskar said the couple lost a child before their present one.The police have registered the case under Sections 363 (kidnapping) of Indian Penal Code and Section 8 (child abuse) of Goa Children's Act.The accused, produced before the Ponda JMFC after being brought back to Goa, has been remanded to 10 days of police custody, Ekoskar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17123014", "title": "'Roll back the hike'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Panjab University students protested against hike in prices of food on Tuesday. \"PU authorities have hiked food prices by Rs 6 per meal in hostel messes while shops in the student centre have hiked charges of food and drinks by around Rs 10. For students, this entails expenditure of Rs 700 to 800 per month on food. Repeated requests to PU authorities have been ignored,\" Sunny Mehta, national delegate of National Students' Union of India (NSUI) said.Meanwhile, members of the Panjab University Students' Union (PUSU) also launched a protest against hike in prices. Frontrunners of protest said they would go on an indefinite hunger strike if the price hike was not rolled back. \"Authorities must roll back the price hike. They cannot put the onus of inflation entirely on students. They should also bear the brunt of the price hike to make it easier for both students and contractors,\" Sumit Goklaney, a senior leader of PUSU said.NSUI submitted a memorandum to PU vice-chancellor demanding immediate roll back of the Rs 6 per meal hike in the hostel mess. They said the hike should not be more than Rs 2 per meal. They also asked authorities to keep prices at student centre in check.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17124481", "title": "Probe against Chandini Hospital a mere eyewash: Patient\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s relatives", "text": "KANPUR: The health department team, including director general, women medical care, visited the city on Tuesday. The specially constituted medical team came here to record statements of a woman patient's kin and authorities of Chandini Hospital accused of medical negligence.According to the kin of the patient, the health team only completed the formality of visiting the city due to the pressure of the media. The influential authorities of the hospital have already got the matter settled their favour.DG women health, Shail Prabha, joint director Nisha Rani and additional DG health women, Radha Gehrola reached the Ramadevi center of district health department at 11 am on Tuesday. The officials were accompanied by chief medical officer RP Yadav and other officials.The team called the authorities of Chandini Hospital against whom the charges of medical negligence were made by the kin of Richa and started taking the version of the hospital authorities. The victim's side were forced to wait for more than four hours. They were called in the room at 4 pm.The interrogation and statement writing continued for hours in which the doctors of the hospital give explanation while the kin of the patient continued to make allegation.\"This is unjustified that the team called us at Ramadevi at 11 am and talked to us at 4 pm and that too like a formality. They did not even listened to us properly. From their behavior, it seems that they had been here to complete a formality,\" said Chama Dubey, sister-in-law of patient Richa.Richa Dubey, wife of Ashish Dubey was brought to Chandini Hospital on October 10 for delivery. Her kin blamed the hospital of medical negligence after her operation in which his condition become critical.According to the kin of patient, the doctors even after knowing that patient is not fully well, discharged her on October 18.They also alleged that also beat the husband and brother of Richa, who complained of negligence later.According to the kin, the doctors made the case complicated by multiple operations.The kin of Richa alleged that the special team visited Chandini Hospital and saw Richa and said that everything is fine with her but have not uttered a single word to the doctors, who have almost sent her to the death bed.\"This is really a serious issue. The wounds of the women shown in the pictures were terrible. We cannot say whose fault is it. We will give the detailed report to director general, health on Wednesday and he will do whatever is required,\" said Shail Prabha.Chief medical officer RP Yadav said that the team had recorded the version of both the sides. They have also taken the evidences given by the patient's family.The hospital authorities denied the charges leveled by the family of the patient.Medical reps strike on Nov 8 : More than 20,000 medical representatives of Uttar Pradesh and Uttarakhand will stage a one-day strike in response to the call of Uttar Pradesh Medical &amp; Sales Representatives Association on November 8.Arvind Tiwari, secretary, Kanpur unit, said that association president Rakesh Srivastava was transferred in order to harass him. The association had decided in a meeting at Moradabad to observe one-day strike on November 8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17123530", "title": "Gas victims hail SC decision", "text": "BHOPAL: NGO's working for the welfare of gas victims have welcomed the Supreme Court decision on adding four more colonies to the list of 18 colonies not having access to safe potable water.A press release issued by the gas activists said here on Tuesday that with the new apex court order, the Bhopal municipal corporation (BMC) will have to ensure supply of clean drinking water to 22-gas affected colonies around the now abandoned union carbide factory in Bhopal.\"We welcome the decision. However, we should not forget that the court has noted that more than 25% of the work in colonies is still pending,\" said gas activist Rachna Dhingra. The new colonies include JP Nagar, Kainchi Chola, Shakti Nagar and Karim Baqsh colony.Scientists of Indian institute of toxicological research (IITR) placed their findings before the court confirming contamination of water in 22 colonies, according to a press release. Earlier in October a four-member team from the IITR Lucknow visited the sites and collected water and soil samples.Bhopal survivor organizations have been fighting since 1990 to secure clean drinking water to communities affected by ground water contamination due to dumping of toxic waste in and around the factory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17121743", "title": "Convict\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s death: State told to pay Rs 1L compensation to kin", "text": "HYDERABAD: The National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) has directed the state government to pay a compensation of Rs one lakh to the kin of a convict, who died in Rajahmundry jail due negligence of the jail authorities six years ago.A convict, Guruvindapalli Joji, had died at the central semi-open prison, Rajahmundry in what was described as a case of homicide. Another convict in the jail, Bellampalli Arjanna, had caused fatal injuries to Joji during meal time as a result of which the latter died on October 10, 2006.Following a report from the state government on the incident, the NHRC in its order, said that Arjanna was a mentally ill patient and doctors had advised the prison authorities to send him to mental hospital. \"In spite of the medical advice, the prisoner was not sent to mental hospital, which shows the prima facie negligence on the part of the jail officials,\" NHRC said in its directive.The commission directed that Rs one lakh be paid to the kin of the deceased and the prisons department has been authorised to place the amount at the disposal of the collector and district magistrate, West Godavari, Eluru for making the payment by November 25, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17121596", "title": "TRS braces for 2014 polls", "text": "HYDERABAD: Even as it has expressed its determination to take the fight forward for a separate state, the Telangana Rashtra Samithi is reworking its electoral strategies for the 2014 polls. The two-day plenary session of the party, to be held in Karimnagar on Wednesday, is likely to focus on preparation for the forthcoming polls for local bodies. Though there is still a lot of time for the general elections, the party believes the time has come to galvanize the cadre into action.\"In the prevailing political situation, it would be impractical to expect the parties to come together to fight for Telangana. As a matter of fact, we will work out strategies to strengthen the organisational structure of the party during the plenary and prepare the cadre for the election. We will also regroup ourselves to take the Telangana movement forward,\" said D Sravan, party politburo member.Towards this end, the party has lined up a series of programmes. It would organise a public rally at Suryapet in Nalgonda district on November 23 and hunger strikes across Telangana districts on November 29. Sources said party chief K Chandrasekhar Rao would launch 'Palle Baata' on the same day to reach out to people in villages. The party leadership is also mulling giving a bandh call on December 9 to highlight the Centre's failure to keep its promise of carving out a separate Telangana.During the brainstorming session in Karimnagar, KCR is set to drive home the point that they would go ahead alone as far as the Telangana movement is concerned.TJAC leaders who are not seeing eye to eye with KCR are also planning to chart their own course by launching a fresh round of agitation soon. \"We are launching a separate agitation. We are not bothered if the political parties are going ahead with their own plans,\" said V Srinivas Goud, co-convener of TJAC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17123041", "title": "Another probe against Calicut University vice-chancellor, syndicate", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Thrissur vigilance court has ordered a probe against Calicut University vice-chancellor Dr M Abdul Salam and syndicate members in connection with granting of affiliation to an engineering college promoted by a trust closely linked to the Indian Union Muslim League (IUML).Vigilance special judge V Bhaskaran ordered an investigation on Tuesday while considering a petition filed by former syndicate member K K Balachandran Nair. In his petition Balachandran Nair alleged that the syndicate had granted affiliation to the Ernad Knowledge City Technical Campus, Manjeri in violation of the varsity rules. According to the petition, affiliation was given to the college to admit 300 students in five branches, based on a fabricated report, presented by a three member syndicate inspection committee.The petition alleged that the report gave an exaggerated version of assets and experience in the field of education of Al Hind Educational and Charitable Trust, which owned the college. The petitioner said that the syndicate committee in its inspection report furnished false information about the educational experience of the trust by listing the Malabar Dental College, Edappal and Al Ameen Engineering College, Shoranur as being run by the trust. But both the institutions were actually run by two other trusts; Malabar Educational and Charitable Trust and Al Ameen Educational Trust.M C Ashi, counsel for Balachandran, said that the syndicate had taken undue haste in granting affiliation to the college by processing the application of the trust in 26 days, even after the varsity administration wing rejecting the application since it was submitted after the December 31 deadline. In the column\"Whether the applicant has satisfactorily laid down the needed infrastructure for the institution,\" the inspection committee had stated 'awaiting'.\"Still the syndicate approved the committee recommendation and granted affiliation to the college fully knowing that the basic infrastructure was not in place,\" said the counsel. Malappuram vigilance and anti-corruption DySP has been asked to investigate the case and submit the report before March 3, 2013.This is the fourth vigilance investigation ordered against the varsity top brass in the last two months. The vigilance court had last month ordered a probe against IUML state president Syed Hyderali Shihab Thangal, party ministers P K Abdu Rabb and M K Muneer and top varsity authorities in connection with the CU land scam, in which the syndicate allotted 73 acres of land owned by the University to IUML related trusts. The chairman of Al Hind Educational and Charitable Trust is C P A Bava Haji, IUML state committee member and president of the Pravasi League.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17122355", "title": "Mumbai's brightest teens get set to usher in change", "text": "MUMBAI: After a rigorous selection process, around 20 students from all over the country have been chosen as Times Scholars, an initiative of the Times of India, to recognize and reward the India's bright, young minds.Sneha Nandy (17) and Anmol Sahoo were selected as young scholars from Mumbai after the final round of interviews on November 3. The class XII students of RN Podar School have proven their proficiency on several fronts and are among the top 20 scholars, each of whom has won a scholarship of Rs 5 lakh.The applicants had to appear for an aptitude test in which they were tested on numerical and logical ability, verbal reasoning and general awareness. The test covered an array of questions on all aspects of life. This was followed by an interview at the regional level. Later, around 105 students were shortlisted for national interviews in Noida, Uttar Pradesh.The top 20 students were selected from among the 105 finalists, who had to sit through interviews at two levels on November 2-3. Before the first interview, the students had to submit a couple of essays.While Sneha chose to write on Sachin's retirement-whether it should be his decision or that of the selectors, Anmol expressed his thoughts on 'Social media- a boon or a bane'. In their second essay, both debated the validity of a single education board in the country.\"The first national interview was mostly based on what we had written in our essay and why. The second and the final interview tested us on our social awareness, our general intellect, our ability to be a future leader and how we can contribute to social change,\" said Sneha, adding that her journey in the Times Scholar event was an \"enriching and unforgettable experience\".Anmol, who found the event motivating, said, \"The interviews really helped us judge our stand. I am grateful to all my friends, my family and my school.\"Sneha wants to become a doctor and join the World Health Organization after the completion of her course. \"After getting my MBBS degree, I wish to specialize in neonatal care and genetic disorders relating to children. I am also considering oncological research as an option. As my passions firm, I will narrow down my options,\" she said.Anmol wants to develop educational videos in the future. \"I want to make education interactive, accessible and self-sufficient. For this, I want to take up video game design. I want to teach people through educational video games,\" said Anmol. He plans to utilize the prize money for his studies (in computer science) and on his own company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17122512", "title": "Groups to be formed for tree census", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi's forest department will constitute 10 groups, five from resident welfare associations and five from school eco-clubs, to carry out a tree census in the city. The decision was taken at a tree authority meeting on Tuesday, where it was stressed that the census should only take place with people's participation and not be handed over to private parties.According to environment secretary Sanjiv Kumar, standard protocols under which the census would be carried out will be chalked out by the end of the month. \"A tree census is technical work and we need standard protocols that would define trees, what needs to be recorded, and how etc,\" he said.Local participation, sources added, would be the key to such a survey. \"Local residents will take ownership of trees and will be able to protect and identify them in case of problems. A meeting will be held later this month where we will chalk out a protocol for the survey. The RWAs and eco-clubs will also be identified then,\" said sources.Green Circle of Delhi has started a census, similar to that of Sarvodaya Enclave, at Jorbagh. Its founder member Suhas Boarkar said that till the time the government worked out protocols, Green Circle members would carry out their census alongside", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17122100", "title": "Why is govt not arresting Ponty Chadha, questions BJP", "text": "LUCKNOW: Terming the Samajwadi Party government's decision to hand over inquiry into sugarmills scam to Lokayukta as mere eyewash, the Bharatiya Janata Party has demanded a probe into it under the supervision of a chief justice.In a statement issued on Tuesday, Bajpayi questioned why the government not arrested controversial businessman Ponty Chadha. \"Ponty Chaddha has earned billion of rupees as profits by purchasing sugarmills in peanuts during Bahujan Samaj Party government,\" Bajpayi claimed, and added that the BJP has provided detailed information to the state government in this regard.If the state government still fails to arrest him it would be a proof that the Samajwadi Party had taken donation from Ponty Chaddha during elections, Bajpayi said.The Samajwadi Party had also promised during elections that those fleecing the state would be dealt with an iron hand, but it has failed to fulfill the promise, state BJP chief alleged. He further alleged that the BSP government was involved in scams worth Rs two lakh crore but inaction by the state government proves that scamsters are being patronised by the SP.Handing over the inquiry into sugarmill scams is mere eyewash; Bajpayi said and added that Lokayukta probe was the best way to shield the accused as the Lokayukta doesn't have his team. To initiate a probe, the institution has to rely on the state government or has to look out for help towards bureaucracy, Bajpayi further claimed and added that till now in most of the cases either the probe was still pending or hasn't begun yet. There have been hurdles at every step, Bajpayi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17121565", "title": "Three stone idols recovered from roadside near Avadi", "text": "CHENNAI: Three stone idols were found in a gunny bag dumped on the Chennai-Tiruvallur High Road near Avadi on Monday.It is suspected that the idols were abandoned on the road following intense vehicle checks in the area. Passersby noticed the 'strange object' and alerted police. A team went to the spot, opened the bag and found stone idols of Bairavar, Piraisudan and Amman , packed tightly with hay rolled into a rope. All the idols were about one-and-a-half-feet tall.\"We are verifying to check if there had been reports of the idols stolen in the area,\" a police officer said.A case has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17123038", "title": "Biju Patnaik Airport rolls out swanky welcome to Bhubaneswar", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Biju Patnaik Airport in Bhubaneswar is all set to turn a new leaf. The new swanky terminal of the airport, which is in its last phase of construction, will have a trial run of the arrival lounge on Thursday. All domestic operations will be shifted to the new terminal by year end, said airport director Sharad Kumar.\"We are making necessary arrangements to ensure comfort of passengers. The trial run is aimed at identifying any lapses or shortcomings before the final operations start,\" Kumar said. \"The airport being the gateway to Odisha, we have decided to showcase glimpses of Odisha's rich art, culture and heritage on its walls with pattachitra and stone sculpture,\" he added.The state-of-the-art new terminal, spread across over 1,60,000 square feet, will have all modern amenities. The two-storied structure is designed as an energy efficient green building with GRIHA rating (green rating for integrated habitat assessment). Once the construction is completed, the building will be assessed for 34 criteria, including site selection planning, conservation and efficient utilization of resources, building operation and maintenance, etc.The new terminal will have two aerobridges for smooth movement of passengers, which the old building lacks. There will be yet another aerobridge, which will be kept handy for future use. \"With the aerobridges in operation, passengers do not have to use the stairs or the airport bus to go to the arrival lounge after alighting from aircraft,\" said an airport official.\"The new terminal will have a huge operational area, about three times more than the old one. The peak hour capacity of the new terminal will be 400 arrivals and 400 departures at any point of time, double the capacity of the old terminal,\" the airport director said.With an estimated Rs 145 crore investment, the new terminal will be completely air-conditioned with arrangements for 24x7 power supply. There will be four lifts and two escalators with digitally-controlled public address and car-calling system, besides space for parking 10 luxury coach buses and 400 taxis. The new terminal has covered walkway and parking.\"During the trial run, several major equipments will be tested like air handling, conveyor belts, power supply system, DG sets and so on. If any deficiency occurs during the trial run, it can be rectified before the operations begin,\" said Anil Pathak, general manager of the project.When the new building becomes operational, the old terminal will be renovated for international operations. \"Modifications for international facilities are expected to be completed by March next year,\" said Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17121631", "title": "Realty plans hit wildlife hurdle", "text": "NOIDA: The Gautam Budh Nagar department of forests has issued notices to around 50 realty projects located within a 10km radius of the Okhla Bird Sanctuary advising them to get clearance from the standing committee of National Board for Wildlife (NBWL).According to the forest department, the notices have been issued as per a 2006 Supreme Court order. The court had directed that all cases where 'environmental clearances' are granted by Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) for activities within 10km radius zones of national parks and sanctuaries be referred to the wildlife standing committee.Categories of projects that need MoEF environmental clearance have been mentioned in the Environment Impact Assessment (EIA) guidelines issued by the ministry in 2006. \"All projects issued notices for wildlife clearance fall within these categories,\" said B Prabhakar, DFO, Gautam Budh Nagar. \"The projects would also need clearance from the state wildlife board through the district forest department in order to obtain clearance from the wildlife board,\" he added.Forest department officials said that as per the list of projects mandated for environmental clearance in the EIA guidelines, notices for wildlife clearance have been issued to building and construction projects with built-up areas between 20,000 and 1.5 lakh sqm and township and area development projects with areas of 50 hectares or more. Township projects with built-up areas of 1.5 lakh sqm or more have also been advised to obtain wildlife clearance besides several categories of industries.The projects issued notices are mostly located in Sectors 94, 96, 72, 76, 77, 105, 108, 126 and 128 of Noida. The forest department said that it is conducting the delineation process of that part of the 10km radius eco-sensitive zone of Okhla Bird Sanctuary, which falls within Gautam Budh Nagar district, as per MoEF guidelines. The ministry had issued guidelines for declaration of eco-sensitive zones around national parks and sanctuaries in February, 2011.The forest department said that activities within the eco-sensitive zone of the bird sanctuary would be of a regulatory nature rather than prohibitive nature. \"Other projects in Noida that would need wildlife clearance would be decided once the delineation process is completed,\" added Prabhakar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17122570", "title": "Now, eves thrash cop for teasing in Banswara", "text": "JAIPUR: Eve-teasing by a police constable attached with the district collector office in Banwara proved to be a nightmare for him when at least 30 nursing students thrashed him. He was later handed over to the police and booked for disturbing peace.According to the police, the constable, Shankar Lal, was standing outside a students' hostel resided mostly by nursing students. He was continuously passing lewd remarks on the girls late on Monday evening.High drama prevailed when some girls caught him and started beating him black and blue. Till the early hours on Tuesday, the angry girls shouted slogans against the police officials and showed their anger against the late arrival of senior officers.When the senior officials arrived at the spot, they took the constable in custody. He was taken to the nearby government hospital for medical examination as the girls alleged that he was drunk. However, the alcohol test report was negative.The district police has booked the constable for creating nuisance at the public place.Asked if any case of molestation was lodged at the police station in Banswara , a senior police officer said, \"The girls were yet to give any formal complaint on the matter. As of now, their only annoyance is on the eve-teasing by the constable who according to them was also making foul comments. If the girls give any formal complaint of molestation, we will certainly take necessary action.\"The district police have also initiated a departmental inquiry against the \"tainted\" constable who will also be interrogated by senior officers to find out if the claims made by the girls were true.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17122001", "title": "Pumps to shut for 12hrs on November 8", "text": "LUCKNOW: To protest against the various instances of robbery and thefts that have taken place in the recent past, all petrol pumps in the city would remain close between 6.00 a.m. to 6.00 p.m. on Nov 8.This is also to show their anger against the LMC officials who have increased house and water tax.Lucknow Petrol Dealer Association's president, Ranjeet Kumar said, \"The government and the administration are doing nothing to solve our problems. We have no other way, but to stop vending fuel and close our operations. On top of that, our election payments are also pending since the assembly elections of 2007 in the state.\"The robbery that took place in the premises of a petrol pump on Kursi Road on October 29, where about Rs 6 lakh were looted by few unwanted elements had raged petrol dealers across the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17123881", "title": "Strengthen Indian higher education sector: Experts", "text": "MANGALORE: The statement of Union minister of state for human resource development Shashi Tharoor regarding the quality of graduates in India and plans of inviting foreign universities to India evoked mixed response from experts in the coastal education hub. Mangalore University vice-chancellor T C Shivashankara Murthy told TOI that strengthening higher education sector in India is the best solution to improve the quality of graduates produced here. \"It is the duty of the government to improve the quality of institutions in India. We have several reputed universities and institutions including IISC, IITs, IIITs, IIMs, IIS and NITs.However, we produce very few graduates here. Hence, it is the duty of the government to provide sufficient infrastructure to increase the number of graduates here,\" Murthy said.Even if foreign universities are allowed to open campuses here, how many students can afford to study there, he asked. \"One thing is sure that entry of foreign universities will give stiff competition to Indian universities,\" he added.Association of Mangalore University College Teachers former president Joselyn T Lobo said the all India body of college teachers has already opposed the move inviting foreign universities to India.\"Entry of foreign universities will commercialize the education sector in India. Their main goal will be to earn profit through selling education. Earlier, education was considered as a part of philanthropy. Organizations and institutions were opening schools and colleges with an objective of giving education to all without expecting any profit. However, the scenario has been changed and the arrival of foreign universities will worsen the situation,\" Joselyn said. ABVP state secretary K Ramesh said the government should think of improving the quality of education in the existing universities in India, instead of thinking of introducing foreign universities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "17121390", "title": "Where cleanliness is next to godliness", "text": "SHILLONG: About 75 km from here, nestling in the lap of nature along the India-Bangladesh border is the pristine village of Mawlynnong; 'maw' meaning 'stone' in Khasi and 'lynnong' meaning 'crater'. Once upon a time, the village had many such \"cratered stones\". Later, they were flattened to make way for construction of houses. A few of them can still be seen though.Cleanliness comes to the people of this village naturally. There's not a single corner in the village which is not cleaned and beautified. Little wonder then that the crew of Discover India gave this village the recognition of being the \"cleanest village in India\"!Villagers love to plant trees, both flowering and fruit-bearing ones. \"We inherited this tradition from our forefathers. Even the administration plays a vital role in keeping the place clean and green,\" said village headman Thomlin Khongthohrem.There's a fine in case someone is caught cutting down trees or destroying nature in some other way. Villagers give credit to the untiring efforts of schoolteacher Rishot Khongthohrem for spreading the habit of cleanliness among them, especially the young generation. He made schoolchildren plant trees in every nook. Several varieties of flowers can be seen here. The roses that bloom here were especially brought from Wales by Christian missionaries in the 19th century.But can such a picturesque locale be allowed to go waste? Villagers wanted to showcase this landscaped beauty to the rest of the world. DD Laloo, secretary of the Church of North India in Shillong , along with the Meghalaya Tourism Development Forum built an infrastructure that was congenial for the inflow of tourists.Two guest houses were constructed by the Epiphany Rural Upliftment Society and other homestays were created. Four families provide these facilities. But here, too, there is a cap on the number of visitors so as not to disturb its spartan existence and ecological balance. The number of tourists should not exceed 50. The village still remembers its celebrity guest last year: cricketer Rahul Dravid. \"The reason why tourism is flourishng here is because we have a good local governance which is in sync with the social fabric,\" said Laloo.He strongly felt there should be a regulatory system in place to check the ills that accompany unrestricted tourism. \"Many times we have seen tourists taking pictures of our women near pool sides,\" he rued.But the tourist flow has also helped the village flourish. Villagers do not have to go to the market to sell their produce now, the market comes right up to their door. Tourists pick up fruits, vegetables and handcrafted items from them. While earlier they would earn around Rs 75 a day, the figure has gone up to anything between Rs 300 and Rs 500 in recent times.Nearly 90 per cent of the tourists are domestic, with people from West Bengal leading the pack. Visitors also come from Gujarat, Maharashtra and Andhra Pradesh. Yes , it's hard to resist the call of unassuming beauty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17124321", "title": "Rs 130cr black money unearthed in 45 days", "text": "VADODARA: Realtors and jewellers in central Gujarat are a scared lot these days. Many in the real estate and jewellery sector are under the income tax (I-T) department scanner that has stepped up raids and surveys over last one-and-a-half month.And those surveyed, have declared crores of rupees towards unaccounted income for the current financial year. The I-T department has unearthed unaccounted income worth over Rs 130 crore in last couple of months. Close to Rs 70 crore of this was unearthed in last 10 days. I-T officials said the surveys and raids have nothing to do with Diwali.\"We carry out surveys on the basis of intelligence gathering and advance taxes paid by businessmen in different sectors. We had expected certain amount of I-T collection from sectors like real estate and jewellery. But the second installment of advance taxes did not match up to our expectations,\" chief I-T commissioner Rajiv Lal said.\"We keep tab on tax deductible at sources (TDS) and I-T returns of the tax payers. Also, we had information of unaccounted income about these sectors. So we began surveying and raiding real estate and jewellery groups in our range and found lot of unaccountable income,\" Lal told TOI.The I-T department surveyed several groups in different sectors in current financial year till October 31. \"Several realtors and jewelers from Vadodara city range admitted to have evaded I-T worth crores of rupees. The realtors admitted to have evaded income worth about Rs 25 crore and jewelers worth Rs 5 crore in the city,\" I-T officials said.Senior I-T officials said the raids would continue in coming days as several realtors are yet to pay up their dues for the current year. Lal said, \"We have target of Rs 4,489 crore for our range for this financial year which is 17 per cent more than the last financial year. We have already collected Rs 2,100 crore till October 31, which is 10 per cent more than the last FY's collection in corresponding period. But our current surveys have nothing to do with our targets.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17122114", "title": "Kimiko rolls past Rishika", "text": "PUNE: Like the glam belle in fashion commercials, Kimiko Date-Krumm shows little signs of ageing. At 42, the Japanese's face is wrinkle-free, her skin glows and the teeth sparkle.\"Most of my opponents are half my age, so in the locker room I don't ask them 'how old are you' anymore. I ask them 'how old is your mother',\" Date-Krumm said on Tuesday, echoing the popular ad.Her tennis is flawless as well. She hardly broke a sweat as she crushed the Indian qualifier Rishika Sunkara, at 19 less than half her age, 6-0, 6-3 in under an hour in the first round of the $125,000 Royal Indian Open.Sunkara, after being overwhelmed in the first set, redeemed herself in the second by breaking her rival three times. Yet she lacked the intensity to hold the Japanese veteran. \"I was playing indoors the last two weeks and it was a long flight coming here. I had to make a lot of adjustments but my experience helped me,\" Date-Krumm said.It's been an interesting journey in two phases for the Kyoto-born player. The first Japanese to break into top-10 in 1994, Date-Krumm announced her retirement just two years after being ranked world No. 8. She then decided to make a comeback in 2008.\"It was my husband (race driver Michael Krumm) who pushed me to return. He said he wanted me in a real match,\" she said. \"He said it's not about results and that I should enjoy the game.\"The second day of the WTA Challenger event proved to be a dampener for the hosts as besides Sankara, wild card Prerna Bhambri and qualifier Nidhi Chilumula also crashed out.Bhambri went down 0-6, 2-6 to world No. 97 and second seed Misaki Doi and Chilumula lost 6-2, 6-1 against Cagla Buyukakcay of Turkey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17121414", "title": "Asom Gana Parishad looks to make a mark", "text": "GUWAHATI: After facing a debacle in the assembly polls of 2011, the Asom Gana Parishad (AGP) is looking forward to making its mark in the upcoming panchayat polls in the state, slated to be held in the last week of January.However, even as the party decided to go in for 50 per cent reservation for women candidates in the election, it is finding it difficult to find candidates for the polls across the state.\"We are going to hold an array of programmes and campaigns across Assam for a month from November 24 to generate mass support. The party is in the process of strengthening its base at the grassroots level,\" said AGP working president Atul Bora (junior).The decision was taken at an organizational meeting held at District Library here on Tuesday. Members of various district committees of the AGP assembled and discussed the status of the party in their respective localities along with the party leadership during the meeting.\"AGP needs to focus on inclusive development issues in the remote areas of upper Assam. The party should generate its strength in rural Assam through farmer-friendly agenda,\" said a block official from Dibrugarh district.Former chief minister and party president Prafulla Mahanta asked the district members to spread the sentiment of regionalism among the voters. \"Every party will lure voters. Therefore, we need to focus on catching the pulse of the voters,\" Mahanta said to the party workers.On the other hand, the decision of reserving 50 per cent of the seats for women candidates in the ensuing polls has become a major headache for the party. \"Finding women candidates for the posts is not a hard task but they have to have some leadership qualities,\" said a party insider.A delegation of AGP leaders is likely to leave for New Delhi this week to meet Union home minister Sushilkumar Shinde , who is also the nodal minister for the implementation of Assam Accord.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17123805", "title": "In sync with coastal culture", "text": "MANGALORE: With a distinct and traditional attire and living style, the Sikhs have carved a special identity for themselves in the coastal city. With the passage of time, they merged with the Mangalorean way of life too.Members of Sikh community, one of the most vibrant and culturally diverse communities, arrived here in the early 80's for trade and commerce.The growing business and employment opportunities saw the community make this city their own.Today, the Sikh community here is represented by about 20 families who hail from various parts of the country like Uttar Pradesh, Punjab, Mumbai, Haryana, New Delhi and parts of North India. There are also students from the community who have landed here for their professional education, but their numbers are few.\"People are warm and friendly like the weather here. We are very happy to have settled here,\" Mahipal Singh Lohia from Uttar Pradesh, who was the first to settle down in the coastal city two decades ago, says. In 2007, the Sikh families from various parts of the city came together and organized themselves into a community group and rented out a place in Mannagudda for a Gurudwara. A year ago, they got their own permanent Gurudwara at Bangra Kuloor.This is where the community and those who believe in Guru Granth have 'sangat' on Sunday, says Balvinder Singh Virdi, president, Shri Gurudwara Singh Sabha Society. The gathering partake langar (food) during noon after the kirtan during Sangat. \"Any person belonging to any caste or religion is welcome to Gurudwara to pray. We insist on a head scarf before entering the Gurudwara as a mark of reverence to Guru Granth sahib,'' says Balvinder, thanking Mangaloreans and south Indians for helping them establish the Gurudwara here.Though Sikhs celebrate most of the Hindu festivals, most celebrated festivals are Guru Nanak Jayanthi and Baishaki (Khalsa Birthday). Roti, dal and sabzi is their staple diet, but they are not nimical to south Indian dishes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17123168", "title": "Spring Dale fighters sweep taekwondo meet", "text": "LUDHIANA: The taekwondo champs of Spring Dale Public School won the trophy in the U-14 girls category in the Ludhiana Sahodaya Schools Complex Taekwondo tournament on November 3 and 4. The school also stood first runner up in U-14 boys and U-19 boys category.The students won 14 gold medals, 4 silver medals and 6 bronze medals, securing the first runners up position.School managing director Avinash Kaur Walia appreciated students hard work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17123336", "title": "Ruby Dhalla seeks PM's intervention for more flights from Punjab", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Ruby Dhalla , a Canadian politician and a former MP, has sought the intervention of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh for early restoration of Air India's Amritsar-Toronto flight and also expeditious clearance of international flights from Mohali airport to facilitate non-resident Indians, especially Punjabis living in Canada and UK.In a communication to Dr Manmohan Singh and Union civil aviation minister Ajit Singh, Dhalla has pointed out that with more than 63% passengers at Delhi airport being from Punjab, it was imperative for the Indian government to facilitate their movement by starting more direct international flights from Amritsar and from the upcoming Mohali airport. The progress of Mohali airport construction was quite slow and it needed to be expedited, she observed.\"Many members of Punjabi diaspora , both in Canada and UK, have contacted me and made representations about lack of direct connectivity with cities in Punjab. The NRIs are demanding that direct flights from Canada and UK to Amritsar should be immediately restored and that the Prime Minister must issue directions for starting international flights from Mohali airport,\" said Dhalla.Dhalla also raised the issue of focusing on the increasing practice of fraudulent marriages by NRIs in which many innocent girls are left in lurch. A federal Act against fraudulent marriages should be passed by the legislature so as to put an end to this heinous practice, she said.Dhalla had made history in 2004 as the first women of Indian origin to be elected as member of a federal parliament outside India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17121303", "title": "'Cong may play Hindutva card in panchayat polls'", "text": "GUWAHATI: Will polarization of Muslim votes leave no option for Congress but to slyly play the Hindutva card in the coming panchayat election scheduled next January? The probability is that the ruling party might overstep the BJP and gun for Hindu votes, say political observers.The panchayat election will be held in 21 districts; Badaruddin Ajmal's All India United Democratic Front (AIUDF) has influence in 11 of these districts, which can prove to be a decisive factor in the poll results. At the micro-level, like the panchayat election, the AIUDF influence is only set to increase.\"Muslims no longer have the kind of trust they used to have even a decade ago in the Congress. The recent riots in Bodo pockets have damaged the Congress with regard to its support base among Muslims. If the party wants to win an election now, it has to toil harder than before and find a way out if the Muslim voters do not stand by it,\" a political observer said.The executive committee of the Assam Pradesh Congress Committee is supposed to meet after November 15 to plan the strategy for the coming rural polls. \"This election is a precursor to the Lok Sabha election due next year. We take every election very seriously,\" the source said.Chief minister Tarun Gogoi, while releasing a white paper on the influx issue last month, made it clear that the Muslims are not the vote bank of the Congress and said the party has always won elections mostly from upper Assam. The Muslim population is higher in lower Assam districts than in upper Assam ones.The source added that with the panchayat election drawing near, the AIUDF has resumed its pressure on the Congress high command for some kind of electoral alliance with the ruling party. The source added that Gogoi, however, continues to stick to his stand that he is not interested in any alliance with the AIUDF and that he would only agree to a partnership if Ajmal considers merging his party with the Congress.\"Ajmal knows very well which cards to play. He knows his strengths and will make use of every opportunity to leverage them to get cozy with the Congress, or for that matter, Gogoi,\" the source said.According to the results of the last assembly election in 2011, the AIUDF, besides winning 18 of 126 seats, displayed its strong presence behind Congress in about 30 other seats. The Congress in 2011 won 78 seats and polled 39.42 per cent of the votes. The AIUDF polled 19.87 per cent of the votes, which was a shade better than AGP's vote share of 19.72 per cent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17121637", "title": "India, Canada resolve impasse over civil nuclear trade", "text": "NEW DELHI: India and Canada on Tuesday concluded negotiations for operationalisation of civil nuclear deal signed in 2010 which is expected to ensure supply of uranium to India even though there was no formal signing of any agreement. After a meeting with his counterpart Manmohan Singh , Canadian PM Stephen Harper welcomed the conclusion of negotiations on the Appropriate Arrangement and \"looked forward to its early coming into effect\".India and Canada have been negotiating administrative arrangements for supply of uranium under the pact signed in 2010 but it has taken time with Canada insisting on a monitoring mechanism or a \"reporting approach\" for its uranium exports. The Indian side has tried to convince the Canadians by reiterating India's commitments to IAEA safeguards and transparency measures for use of nuclear fuel.The two countries will still have to sign an agreement which would see Canada resume nuclear supplies for the first time in almost four decades since it stopped all such exchanges two years after India's first nuclear test in 1974. As Canada's High Commissioner to India Stewart Beck had said on Monday, Canada is concerned about where its uranium would go even though the India insisted that its reporting directly to IAEA should be sufficient.\"We also welcomed the recent progress made towards concluding the modalities for the effective operationalization of the agreement on civil nuclear energy cooperation that we had signed in 2010,\" said Singh after the meeting.Harper said in a statement that this will facilitate opportunities for Canadian companies to play a greater role in meeting India's growing energy needs. There was no word on whether or not there is a timeline for the implementation of the deal but Australia's decision to enter into negotiations for a uranium safeguards agreement seems to have played on Canadian minds in finalizing negotiations.The two countries also agreed to institute a strategic dialogue at the level of foreign ministers. \"We identified energy cooperation, particularly exports of Canadian oil and natural gas as well as renewable energy cooperation, as an area with enormous potential. A ministerial-level energy dialogue will supplement the strategic dialogue and promote specific projects,\" he added.Singh also assured Harper that India is committed to finalizing a bilateral investment protection and promotion agreement. The negotiations have been adversely impacted by India's tax dispute with Vodafone but Singh said India hopes to attract more Canadian investment \"just as there has been a steady flow of Indian capital into Canada\". Singh said that the two sides also resolved to conclude talks for a comprehensive economic agreement within the next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17122478", "title": "Paes-Stepanek win ATP World Tour opener", "text": "LONDON: The world number three pairing of Leander Paes of India and Czech Radek Stepanek got their campaign off to a rousing start in the Barclays ATP World Tour Finals, beating Pakistan's Aisam-ul-Haq Qureshi and Dutchman Jean Julien Rojer 6-4, 7-5 in Group A engagement late on Tuesday.Paes, making his 14th appearance in the season-ending event, with a 19-27 win/loss record in the tournament, having made four finals, three of them with Mahesh Bhupathi , and Stepanek, playing his maiden year-end doubles event, started well, but ran into some rough weather in the second set.The Indo-Czech combine, the in-form pairing and the team to beat in the championship, pulled themselves out of trouble in the tenth game when the Indian's serve was under attack by a partnership whose biggest strength is fighting to the finish.Paes, who knows a thing or two about that, held firm.The Indo-Czech combine then broke in the 11th game before Stepanek served out the match in the 12th game.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "17123018", "title": "Girls in Malappuram reluctant to get enrolled in voters' list", "text": "MALAPPURAM: The state election commission's assessment of the progress of the enrollment of the college students in the voters' list shows girl students in Malappuram are reluctant to get enrolled.As part of national level programme for enrolling all students who had completed 18 years of age in the voters' list, the revenue officials had conducted special enrollment camps in all campuses in the district from October 7 to 16.But the project was not a success in the district mainly due to the poor response from girl students. Only 3,779 students had come forward to get enrolled in the voters' list through the programme. This is around 9,000 less than the number of girl students studying in colleges in the district.The state election commission has directed the election officials in Malappuram district to make the enrollment process on campuses in the district more effective. Following this the state election commission has issued strict direction to enroll maximum number of students in the district and the district collector M C Mohandas convened a special meeting at collectorate on Monday to discuss the issue.As per the decision taken at the meeting, in which more than 60 representatives from different colleges across the district attended, the electoral brand ambassadors started functioning in all colleges in the district on Tuesday. The ambassadors will directly approach the students who are yet to be enrolled in voters list. The ambassadors will give special focus on girl students.The students can be enrolled in the list by producing the documents proving their age and native place.The revenue officials will visit all the campuses within one week as part of collecting details of voters from electoral brand ambassadors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17124568", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcYoung workers feel more stress, often call in sick\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "LONDON: Young workers are 40% more likely to call in sick due to stress than older employees , according to a new UK survey.Almost seven in ten workers aged between 18 and 24 have called in sick due to stress in the last year, according to a report into workplace stress by a UK-based provider of financial products and services. This figure falls to half of all people over the age of 55, a reduction of 40%, The Telegraph reported.Experts said that young workers may feel more stressed than the older generation because they have more expectation on their shoulders. Young people may also be more aware of the telltale signs of stress than older people, they believe.The report found that the proportion of people who have called in sick over the last year due to stress gradually increased as people get younger.For example, while 67% of 18- to 24-year-olds called in sick over the last year, this figure fell to 54% among 25- to 34-year-olds and to 47% among 35- to 44-year-olds.Only 43% of people aged between 45 and 55 called in sick. This figure rose slightly, to 49%, to workers over the age of 55.Overall, the study said that half of the 2,000 people it surveyed have felt more stress since the onset of the financial crisis in 2008, the paper said. The biggest stresses were listed as money , work and relationships, found the survey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17124630", "title": "Private agency to organize Bihar tourism festivals", "text": "PATNA: With a view to making them international-level cultural events, the directorate of Bihar tourism has initiated a process to empanel reputed event management agencies for organizing Rajgir and Buddha festivals for two years. The contract could be extended for one more year at the discretion of the directorate.Bihar's two major annual cultural events normally attract a large number of pilgrims and tourists from across the country, besides South-East Asian countries. Till date, the department of tourism was the main executing agency in collaboration with the Bihar State Tourism Development Corporation ( BSTDC).From selection of celebrities to the participation of people were exclusively done by the department officials and employees. The department has now decided to do branding of these two festivals globally to attract more visitors. Many celebrities including Ghulam Ali, Sonal Mansingh, Swapna Sundari, Hema Malini, Hari Prasad Chaurasia and Shiv Kumar Sharma have already performed at Rajgir.\"To give it (the festivals) a professional look, the department has decided to outsource the job of organizing them to a world-class event management group. Several top-level agencies have applied for it. We will look into their track record,\" said director, tourism, Bihar.The event management firm should be in the business of organizing reputed national and international events and should have at least five years of experience. The sum of the last three years' annual turnover related to event management should not be less than Rs 20 crore and the firm must have organized at least one International event in the last three years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17125352", "title": "Big B to join Di Caprio on the red carpet", "text": "In May next year, Amitabh Bachchan (70) will walk the red carpet for the premiere of his Hollywood debut, The Great Gatsby, directed by Baz Luhrmann and co-starring Leonardo Di Caprio and Tobey Maguire among others.  This is the first time in a career spanning over four decades that Amitabh will represent the country amidst a galaxy of stars who have an international presence. At the time he bagged the role of Meyer Wolfsheim in the film, Amitabh had said it would be a sheer delight to work with a genius like Luhrmann and a host of co-stars with such an astronomical presence in the world of cinema. A source from Warner Bros Pictures, the film's distributors, corroborated the news and added that they even had confirmation about Amitabh willing to attend the premiere when the film hadn't been postponed. A source close to the actor told TOI, \"Amitabh is very excited about this premiere. It is scheduled for May next year, a week before the film releases. He is planning to attend the big event. He is the kind of figure who is worshipped in the country but has a global presence.\" While plans are still being chalked out, the premiere is most likely to happen in Los Angeles although London could be an alternative venue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17122590", "title": "I-T seeks proof of hawala in Rs 104 crore undisclosed income detected from jewellery group", "text": "JAIPUR: After detecting an undisclosed income of nearly Rs 104 crore from a leading jewellery group, I-T sleuths are now examining the possibilities to find out if the assessee can be further booked under IPC sections pertaining to hawala transactions and betting.Through recent raids, the investigation wing of the I-T, Rajasthan, has seized more than 1,500 documents showing various transactions of both moveable and immovable property of the assessee, which is now under analysis by the I-T sleuths.I-T sleuths are aiming to find out of if these documents can be shown as solid proof of hawala and betting transactions of the assessee. Though the officials have not ruled out the involvement of the assessee in money laundering through hawala, they but are trying to find out substantial proofs relating to the matter.On whether the leading jeweller in the case would be referred to the enforcement directorate or police, a senior I-T officer said, \"If we get the sustainable proofs, we will certainly intimate other authorities for the investigations. Prima facie we have some proofs of money laundering but the main thing we need is to collect solid supporting evidences to justify these allegations.\"IT-sleuths have recovered various items, including pen drives, hard disks and papers from at least 25 different establishments of the jewellery group.After various reports relating to the recent I-T survey of the group, the I-T officials were keeping secrecy and are tight-lipped on what would be their next course of action.Sunil Mathur, director general, income-tax (investigations) on Tuesday said, \"Everything is under investigation. At this juncture, nothing cannot be confirmed or ruled out.\"Denying reports that the assessee was not co-operating, Mathur said, \"They have been co-operating with us. Since we sought them, both the partners of the jewellery group met us on Monday evening and surrendered an income of nearly Rs 30 crore which was a tax deduction out of the undisclosed income of over Rs 104 crore.\"According to the sources, Jaipur police have also sought some of the 'confidential' report of the assessee and the results of the survey from the I-T sleuths.\"We will certainly find out if the jewellery group was also into betting and money laundering business. Our men are in touch with the I-T sleuths to explore the possibilities if the jewellers can be booked under some sections of the IPC act or the Anti-Gambling act,\" a senior police officer of the police commissionerate said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17122013", "title": "Court seeks details of over-staying prisoners", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court has directed the inspector general of prisons to collect and furnish the details of the prisoners languishing in jail across the state even after serving out the awarded sentence. The court has further directed all the district judges, district magistrates, senior superintendents of police and jail superintendents to extend all possible cooperation to the prison authorities in collecting and compiling the said information.A division bench comprising Justice Abdul Mateen and Justice DK Upadhyay said, \"It is a matter of grave concern for everyone to notice that even today there are instances of convicts languishing in jails even after the completion of the term of the sentence awarded by the court.\" The court further directed the authorities of Hardoi district jail to forthwith release a prisoner Shankar, who has been detained despite serving out seven year jail term awarded to him by the trial court.The bench further asked the district judge, district magistrate and senior superintendent of police of Hardoi district to apprise it on an affidavit as to on which dates and for which purpose they conducted inspection of the district jail. The court has asked them to clarify that under which circumstances they did not notice the matter of Shankar, who remained for more than two years in jail after completion of his jail term. The court has summoned the inspector general of prisons as well as district judge, chief judicial magistrate, district magistrate, senior superintendent of police and jail superintendent of Hardoi on December 12.Government advocate (GA) Rishad Murtaza had placed a letter of the Hardoi jail superintendent, which disclosed that Shankar was sentenced for seven years by a Hardoi court on December 8, 1994 in a rape case. He moved appeal against the said verdict. Meanwhile, Shankar served out the sentence and even remained in jail for two years four months and 12 days in addition to the awarded sentence. On the letter, the court had directed its registry to register it as a habeas corpus petition and summoned the necessary details. As the court came across that the fact was correct, it directed for forthwith release of Shankar. The court further expressed grave concern on instances of over-staying in the jail despite completion of the awarded term and sought details of such instances, if any from across the state.Plea dismissed: The Lucknow bench on Tuesday rejected Kishore Samrite's plea seeking stay on his arrest from CBI and the court's monitoring of the probe. Samrite is facing CBI probe after filing a plea seeking production of a girl and her parents from constituency of Congress leader Rahul Gandhi , which was rejected by the high court instituting CBI probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17124360", "title": "SC rejects MLA\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s plea to shift him", "text": "MUMBAI: The Supreme Court on Tuesday rejected Shiv Sena MLA Suresh Jain's plea to be shifted back to Jaslok Hospital. However, it asked the state to consider his plea to be taken to the nursing section of St George's Hospital. Jain, chief accused in the Jalgaon housing scam, was shifted from Jaslok Hospital to Arthur Road jail on Saturday. The same night, he was transferred to St George's Hospital on a doctor's recommendation . Meanwhile, Jain filed a plea before the SC, saying he be allowed to seek treatment in a private hospital instead of a government one.When the matter came up for hearing before a threejudge bench, standing counsel S Kharde-Patil opposed the plea on the grounds that St George's was among the better public hospitals. Jain's counsel argued that the petitioner suffered a minor head injury when his bed in the ICU collapsed. \"The court refused to grant his plea. The petitioner's counsel asked that Jain be shifted to the nursing section on the hospital premises as it was cleaner. The court directed the state to consider his plea and disposed of the case,\" said Kharde-Patil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17122889", "title": "Hakim to meet London bankers", "text": "KOLKATA: Urban development minister Firhad Hakim will meet UK-based bankers during his trip to London to invite them to set up offices at the Rajarhat financial hub. \"It will be an informal meeting with bankers,\" Hakim said on the sidelines of a Credai conference, adding that his group will be in London on November 15 to attend a conference on urban re-generation.Earlier this year, Kolkata Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee had inaugurated the financial hub project at Rajarhat near here. The project is being promoted on the lines of Mumbai's Bandra Kurla.Meanwhile, Kolkata Metropolitan development Authority (KMDA) Chief Executive Officer Vivek Bharadwaj said Baruipur, Chandannagar and Barrackpore have been identified to be developed as satellite townships.The proposed townships are expected to be completed by 2025, he said.\"While work has started for the Baruipur project, KMDA is awaiting the state government's approval for the locations at Barrackpore and Chandannagar,\" Bharadwaj said.He was addressing a press conference to announce a three-day conclave urban development and growth 'Bengal Builds' which is to be held from November 29 to December 1 here.The Conclave would be jointly organised by West Bengal Housing Infrastructure Development Co, KMDA, Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Association of India (CREDAI), Asansol Durgapur Development Authority, West Bengal Handicrafts Development Corporation and Nabadiganta Industrial Township Authority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17124118", "title": "Skeleton of missing girl recovered", "text": "MARGAO: Curchorem police on Tuesday evening recovered the skeletal remains from an isolated place at Mirabag, Curchorem, suspected to be that of a 15-year-old girl who had gone missing from the area since September 26.Sharanamma Viresh Amu Dukappa, a native of Hulgunchi, Raichur, Karnataka, was employed as a domestic help, and a missing report was filed by her employer, Aurin Barreto with the Curchorem police on October 11.Police have booked the case as murder against unknown persons and investigations are under way.Police sources said that locals working in the cashew plantations at Mirabag, noticed the skeletal remains like bones, skull, hair, teeth, etc lying around and immediately alerted the cops.Police rushed to the site and conducted the inquest. A bag containing clothes and a few religious books in Kannada script, besides a notebook, which was lying nearby, was recovered. The cops ascertained the identity of the skeletal remains through the notebook in the bag that bore the name of the missing girl.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17123771", "title": "Govt school kids will get second set of uniform by year-end", "text": "BANGALORE: Here's some good news for government school students.Those from classes 1 to 8 studying in government and aided schools across the state will soon get another free uniform set.The cabinet on Tuesday approved a proposal to give two sets of uniforms for 44.17 lakh students from the next academic year. \"As we've already distributed one set to students at the beginning of this academic year, we will provide them with another by the year-end ,\" said primary and secondary education minister Visveshwara Hegde Kageri.Students are getting the additional set under the Right to Education Act. The first set was distributed under the Vidya Vikas scheme.Kageri said the Centre had approved a grant of Rs 88.34 crore under RTE to provide a set of school uniforms to all girl students (25.16 lakh) and boys belonging to scheduled caste (6 lakh), scheduled tribe (2.56 lakh) and BPL families (10.44 lakh). Eventually, the state decided to make an additional allocation of Rs 12.37 crore to provide a second set of uniform to 6.18 lakh students from OBC and general category to ensure parity.BBMP SCHOOLS TO GO HI-TECHTeaching in Bangalore corporation schools won't be the same any more. They will be equipped with Satellite-based Advanced Multimedia Education (SAME) interactive coaching. The cabinet has asked the Karnataka State Electronics Development Corporation Ltd to implement the programme through Edusat.STATE SEEKS ROLE IN H-K STATUSThe government plans to write to the Centre demanding power to execute schemes under the special status (article 371) category for Hyderabad-Karntak region. \"We are asking the Centre to fully empower the state to execute programmes in employment, education and infrastructure,'' primary and secondary education minister Visveshwara Hegde Kageri said. The Centre may place the Bill to amend Article 371 of the Constitution in the winter session of Parliament, beginning Nov 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17124391", "title": "Kshama husband sceptical ahead of Nov 8 hearing", "text": "GURGAON: With the court hearing in the BMW hit-and-run case due on Thursday (November 8), there is no let-up in the anxiety of victim Kshama Chopra Shetye's family members. While the case could not be heard on August 1, the first date of hearing in the case, and was adjourned to November 8, six months have lapsed since the time of the accident, leaving the surviving relatives worried about the outcome of the case.Kshama's husband Shailesh Shetye has already expressed his disappointment with the chargesheet filed by police. Talking to TOI, Shailesh said, \"We are desperately looking for justice. We will the request the court to expedite the case and give fair justice on November 8.\"Given the gravity of the accident and the role of the accused, Suraj Sherawat, who was driving without a driving licence, Shetye said the chargsheet was weak and the case should have been filed under harsher sections of the Indian Penal Code.Shetye demanded that the accused be tried under Section 304 (culpable homicide not amounting to murder) rather than 304 A (causing death by negligence) as mentioned by the Gurgaon police.Shailesh also objected to the exclusion of himself and Kshama's father, Rajendra Chopra, who had sustained injuries in the accident, from the list of 25 eyewitnesses mentioned in the chargesheet. Chopra is merely a complainant.The chargesheet itself was filed after a delay of over three months. The last six months have been very difficult for the Chopra and Shetye families and they are yet to come to terms with their personal losses. Kshama's mother, Veena Chopra, is still bed-ridden. After being in coma for a long time and in the ICU of a hospital, she has been shifted home, but her condition remains critical. Doctors say she will require a very long time to recover, said Shailesh.Kshama's father who had suffered injuries in his spine is a little better. Shailesh, who himself was bedridden for three months, has resumed work in Mumbai, but keeps coming to Gurgaon. The accident has not only played havoc with him and his family emotionally, but has also been a financial burden.On May 5, a speeding BMW car had rammed an Indigo car near IFFCO Tower, killing Sanjay Gulati, 42, and Kshama Chopra Shetye, 33. The car was allegedly being driven by Sector 14 resident Suraj Sherawat, son of a rich businessman Devender Sherawat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17122161", "title": "British envoy writes to Omar, says UK will revoke travel advisory", "text": "NEW DELHI: British high commissioner to India Sir James Bevan has written to Jammu &amp; Kashmir chief minister Omar Abdullah , saying that the UK government will shortly announce the revocation of the advisory against its citizens travelling to the state.The UK will be the third major country to revoke such an advisory after Japan and Germany. It is seen as an international recognition of the all-time drop in terror activities in the state. The government hopes that the move will further boost the J&K;'s tourist industry, the mainstay of its economy.\"At our meeting in August, you asked me to consider whether the UK's travel advice covering Jammu and Kashmir should be reviewed in light of decline in violence. I have done so,\" said a J&K; government handout quoting Bevan's letter.\"The UK government will therefore be announcing shortly that the improvements in the security situation have led us to lift the advisory against UK citizens travelling to both the cities of Jammu and Srinagar, and travel between these two cities on the Jammu-Srinagar Highway.\"The envoy said his government's move would encourage more British tourists and businessmen to visit the state and benefit its economy.The handout credited Omar's persuasion for the move. \"Omar Abdullah has taken up this issue with other diplomatic missions as well which are expected to follow suit...,\" the handout said. \"The initiative is likely to give considerable fillip to the inflow of foreign tourists...\"The handout said lifting of advisories will restore \"the visit of high end foreign tourists and flourish the business and trade\".Officials said the state government is in talks with countries like Australia, Canada and that they are likely to follow suit.The J&K; government has of late been inviting foreign diplomats to play golf in Srinagar as part of its efforts to showcase the change in the state's security situation. The state has been witnessing bumper tourist seasons since 2011 with a record 10 lakh tourists visiting J&K; this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17121706", "title": "Husband kills wife; stuffs body in gunny bag", "text": "HYDERABAD: A fast food centre worker murdered his wife, stuffed her body in a gunny bag and left it at their house in Jeedimetla. The victim was identified as Kavita, 35, wife of Ramesh alias Saleem from Mallikarjuna Nagar in Jeedimetla.According to police, Ramesh was working at a fast food centre near Mallikarjuna theatre in Kukatpally and moved to the present residence two months ago. On Monday afternoon, Ramesh borrowed Rs 2,500 from his landlord Shyam saying that his wife had suddenly fallen ill and needed the money for her treatment. Since then Ramesh did not return home and the house remained locked.On Tuesday, with foul smell emanating from the house, the neighbours alerted Shyam. Later, they broke the door open and found the decomposed body of Kavita stuffed in a gunny bag in a corner of the room. Police reached the spot and sent the body for a post-mortem. After examining the body, police suspect Kavita might have been strangled to death a few days ago.\"Ramesh had stopped going to the house since November 1, but his employer said he worked till Sunday. So, we suspect that Ramesh killed his wife on November 1, but left the city only after borrowing money from his landlord on Monday,\" assistant commissioner of police (ACP), Balanagar, S Damodar said.Police booked a case under section 302 (Murder) of the IPC and launched a man-hunt for him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17123043", "title": "Costlier food: DSW calls it unavoidable", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With resistance to increased mess charges in Panjab University growing, the dean, students' welfare defended the hike in prices saying they needed to balance the LPG price hike.The mess food charge was increased by Rs 6 per diet, adding nearly Rs 560 to students' monthly food bill. The October 22 decision to hike price per diet from Rs 24 to 30 caused a major uproar. With criticism pouring in from all quarters, the DSW called a press conference to address the issue on Tuesday.\"There is no subsidy in LPG rates for educational institutes. A gap has arisen in the cost of the meal and the rate being charged, which necessitated revision of rates of meals in hostels. With the contractors facing difficulties, we discussed the issue with students, wardens and contractors,\" DSW A S Ahluwalia said.Listing the difficulties they faced in the wake of inflation in food products, the DSW said hike in meal prices was inevitable. \"Rates of food ingredients have increased. This amounts to Rs 5 per meal. It was proposed to increase the rate of meals to Rs 36 but following objections by student leaders, we arrived at a consensus of Rs 6 per meal, which comes down to Rs 30 per meal,\" he said.The DSW assured that in case of a decrease in LPG rates or grant of subsidy, for which a request had been sent to the Indian Oil Corporation , rates would be revised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17124402", "title": "Global youth leaders take stock of development work in Manesar", "text": "GURGAON: A delegation of global youth leaders from various parts of the world visited Manesar to see the facilities being provided by the state government at the aanganwadi centre. The delegation is in town to participate in the World Economic Forum (WEF) summit being organized in Gurgaon from November 6-9. The delegation was led by the deputy prime minister of Zimbabwe, Arthur Mutambara, who expressed his desire to start a scheme on a similar pattern in his country.He also appreciated the scheme run for the welfare of women and children. \"This shows the commitment of the government to the healthcare of women and children. They were getting hygienic food through these centres. In Africa, there are many countries where a number of expecting mothers and newborns die from malnutrition. I would recommend the authorities to initiate such schemes for providing nutritious food and healthcare of the women and children,\" he said.Lok Sabha MP Madhugaur Yashki, who is also a member of global youth leaders, accompanied the delegation. He said that he had been to various states in India to review the facilities being provided to the women there. \"Haryana certainly is one of the states where the anganwadi scheme is being implemented in right perspective and it is fulfilling the objective with which the scheme was launched. The anganwadi centres have separate buildings here unlike in some other states,\" said Yashki.The delegation also had a dialogue with the women and children present in the centre. The officials of the woman and child department, government of Haryana, informed the delegation that the scheme was launched in India in 1975. After that, it was ensured at the centre that the children below the age of six and expecting mothers were properly vaccinated and got nutritious food.Anganwadi centres are operational in villages where two women from the same village are appointed as anganwadi worker and anganwadi helper. Then there is a supervisor to oversee these centres. There are 25,699 anganwari centres running in 127 villages and 12 towns of Haryana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17122213", "title": "Activists for law to protect people in inter-caste alliances", "text": "PUNE: While the Khap panchayats continue to support honour killing to prevent inter-caste marriages, a group of citizens in Pune is contemplating to propose a new legislation to protect the interest of the persons who have inter-caste or inter-religious marriages.The first meeting of legal experts and citizens - organised by the Sahyog Trust - was held at the Marathwada Mitra Mandal Law College on Tuesday, where the delegates unanimously arrived at a conclusion to sensitise parents, community leaders, politicians and others to encourage such alliances.The delegates also supported the idea to start a helpline to counsel boys and girls going for inter-caste marriages, creating shelter homes and seeking police assistance if there are oppositions to such marriages.Inter-caste marriage is legal in India and is sanctioned by the Special Marriage Act, 1954. It is also permitted under the Hindu Marriage Act, 1955. In India, the number of inter-caste marriages is on the rise. India is a country where caste and religion rules not democracy.However, Indian society at large is yet to come to terms with such alliances. A couple in an inter-caste, or inter-religion marriage always face hurdles, not only from their respective families but also from society at large. If not attacked and killed, such couples are often ostracised by society and are discriminates against.The Khap panchayats had recently advocated lowering of marriageable age for girls to check the rising instances of rape against young girls.Addressing the delegates, Asim Sarode, socio-legal activist and secretary, Sahyog Trust, said the draft law to protect persons involved in such marriages is undoubtedly a human rights issue and it is a constitutional mandate according to Article 19 of the Indian Constitution, which gives every citizen the freedom of expression.Sarode said this freedom of expression includes the right to express freely. Marriage is a very visible form of expression and every adult is allowed to take his or her own decision as to his or her marriage. Article 21 of the Constitution, which talks about the right to life, has elaborately explained that living with human dignity is a part of the fundamental right of everyone. It is always a dignified way for civilized society to allow everyone to lead their lives in accordance to their valid will and expression, he added.Women rights activist Vidya Bal suggested that people, who for such alliances, need to be sensitised and their parents need to be convinced before the couple in question decides to go ahead with the marriage without the consent of their parents. Bal justified the need to start a helpline for guiding boys and girls going for inter-caste marriages, creating shelter homes and seeking police help.Activist Kiran Moghe told the delegates that her organisation sometime back had submitted a draft to the central government to propose a law on inter-caste marriages, but nothing happened. Moghe said more efforts are required to enact a law on this subject.She demanded that the provisions of the Special Marriage Act needs to be re-examined, and cited an instance that the Act contemplates giving one-month notice to perform marriage. She also stressed on the need to train judicial officers in this field.Mukund Sarda, principal, Bharati Vidyapeeth New Law College said the Hindu Marriage Act promotes inter-caste marriage, but what is surprising is that there still continues to be opposition from certain sections of society.Sarda suggested the idea of approaching the human rights commission if instances of opposition are reported. He asked the delegates to create a feeling of love and create massive awareness in the society by adopting preventive and educative methods. He raised the issue of starting the human rights court in the state.The other delegates - Rama Sarode, Jagdish Unecha, Suresh Dharmavat, Harish Pardhi, Santosh Jadhav, Milind Deshmukh, Anwar Rajan - all experts in various fields, discussed the problems faced by couples in such alliances, they are sidelined by their respective families and communities. The delegates felt the need to enact a law for protecting people going for intercaste marriages as the existing laws were inadequate to provide them protection.They also discussed the provisions of the Hindu Marriage Act, the Special Marriage Act, the Social Disability Act, 1995, the Bombay Prevention Act, 1949 and the Prevention of Ex-Communication Act, 1948 and decided to deliberate the issue again by holding a meeting with experts from the Muslim, Parsi and other communities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17124022", "title": "International meet of rural health to address key challenges", "text": "PANAJI: Around 70% of doctors serve 30% of the population, who are based in urban areas, and 30% of the doctors serve the remaining 70% of the population in rural areas.This was stated by Dr Ashok Patil, president of international association of agricultural medicine and rural health. Addressing mediapersons in Panaji on Tuesday, Patil said only 3% of the state spending was on health in India.He added that the 18th International congress of rural health and medicine will be held on December 11-12 at Kala Academy, Panaji. The main theme of the congress is 'Challenges of health in the global village'. Over 300 speakers from 20 countries will be attending. APJ Abdul Kalam will deliver the keynote address. This year over 500 delegates and 300 speakers representing medical, public health, allied health sciences, academic and research, government from 20 countries including Australia, Austria , Canada , Colombia , Germany, India, Japan, Malaysia, Nepal, Nigeria, South Korea, will be attending, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17124510", "title": "Debate rages over barring women in dargah sanctum", "text": "MUMBAI: The move banning women from entering the astana (sanctum sanctorum , where a saint is buried) by some leading dargahs has sparked off a huge debate with liberals and conservatives in the community taking opposite sides. On Monday, TOI reported that several leading Sufi shrines in Mumbai had either banned women from going close to the sanctum sanctorum or were \"sensitizing\" women devotees about the future ban.The opinion is divided and many suggest that the trustees of dargahs should fix separate timings for men and women visitors at the shrines. \"The ban on women's entry to the sanctum sanctorum reeks of deep bias against women and the community must see it as creeping Talibanization in India,\" said Farid Batatawala of Muslim Forum. Batatawala added that he was a follower of Sufism and visits famous dargahs across the country regularly where women are not banned, but is pained by the decision of leading dargahs like Haji Ali and Makhdoom Shah Baba of Mahim to ban women's entry.The Deobandis have welcomed the decision and say that the Shariat (Islamic laws) mandates it. \"Dargahs are basically structures around graves of Sufi saints and if entry of women to normal graveyards is banned, why it should not be banned at dargahs?\" asked Mumbai resident Tabrez Shaikh.Shaikh added that any practice that is not allowed by the Shariat must be abandoned . However, Maulana Bunai Noim Hasani, general secretary of the All India Ulema Board, said there is a tradition that says Hazrat Fatima Zahra, daughter of the Prophet, visited the Prophet's uncle Hazrat Hamza's grave a couple of times.\"If the Prophet's daughter could visit a grave, why can't ordinary women visit graves of Sufis?\" asked Hasani . He also questioned why the dargahs didn't do it in the past as these shrines have existed for centuries.\"If there is fear of ikhtelaat (mixing of sexes) at the dargahs, the trustees can find a solution and allow women devotees at a fixed time. Extreme position will only help those who have launched a smear campaign against Islam,\" said Bandra resident Zafar Sareshwalla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17123177", "title": "Experts share facts at zoology workshop", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Second day of the national capacity building workshop on Tuesday at the department of Zoology at Allahabad University began with experiments by Prof SMA Abidi from Aligarh Muslim University in diagnostic methodology to detect helminthes parasitic infections which cause disease in humans.The young scientists were given information on modern technology of counter current immuno-electrophoresis in which liver nematodes contribute to preparation of antigens against which antibodies are generated in the live avian system. Such non-invasive methods would give an edge over conventional diagnostic procedures, and will be helpful to improve accuracy of detection of parasites so that proper treatment could be provided immediately.Dr Ashok K Chaubey conducted experiments on plant nematode detection and isolation procedures, a technology crucial in developing cure for plant-parasitic diseases. A nematode detection kit was also provided after the hands-on training to young scientists during the workshop. In the morning session of the workshop, 44 research papers were read by young scientists contesting for two gold medals.Shivram Jasrotia from Amritsar explained the role of Barassino steroids on the nematode infections in plants as well as animals.Barassino steroids are hormones that protect plants from nematode infections. B Hemlatha from Parangipettai illustrated her research to show the effect of titanium dioxide nano-particles on the enzyme activity in gills, liver and muscles of the cirrhinus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17122939", "title": "Reality shock after heroic act", "text": "KOLKATA: In a matter of seconds, the 32-year-old had done something so daring that she became the topic of discussion across the city on Tuesday. Her momentary act of courage landed the snatcher, whom the cops were searching frantically for months, behind the bars. But on Tuesday, it was life as usual for Urbi Desai. When TOI caught up with Urbi, the otherwise reticent homemaker summed up Monday's incident as a \"bad dream\", which will be \"hard\" for her to forget.Busy with her household chores at her apartment on Rammohan Dutta Road, the quiet, shy mother of a child told TOI that she was yet to fathom how she managed that strategic sprint and that loud scream while pouncing on her chain snatchers at the Allenby Road-Rammohan Dutta Road intersection.The gallant act done, Urbi has now retreated into her shell. According to her family members and neighbours, Urbi is a shy lady, who speaks softly and prefers staying indoors, cooking and keeping house for her husband and raising her eight-year-old child. \"Recollection of those few seconds makes me shudder. I really don't know what happened at the spur of that moment that I was pushed to the brink. Otherwise, leave alone pouncing on snatchers, I am one of those who do not even participate in loud celebrations. I am shocked at what I have done,\" Urbi said, trying to drag her lips into a feeble smile. Her nervousness was evident. She is scared for the well-being of her family and even fear that the gang might try to hit back.Around 6pm on Monday, Urbi was walking her son to his drawing classes. As she was crossing Allenby Road to enter Rammohan Dutta Road, a speeding bike with two youths on it rushed towards her. Even before she blinked, Urbi felt a sharp tug and a pain on her neck. She realized in a flash that her gold chain was being snatched. She reacted to her reflex and held on to her chain, but it snapped. Just as the snatcher ran towards his partner waiting on the bike, Urbi sprinted behind them and raised an alarm, leaving her child at the spot. This attracted the attention of passersby who kept up the chase with her. The flight of the speeding bike was slowed down because of a procession that was passing that stretch. Urbi pounced on the bike and managed to destabilize it. The snatcher, who had half her chain with him, dissolved in the crowd but she managed to overpower the one who was driving the bike.\"Do I look like one who can wrestle and overpower such goons! I was so desperate that logic did not work at that time. My chain was of two bhoris and had a pendant. I had bought it recently. For a middle-class family, that means a lot of money. I could not afford to lose it, so I ran for life,\" Urbi tried to explain the chase.\"Perhaps I will not be able to do it again, now that I have thought it over in my mind so many times. It was really irresponsible of me to leave my son on the road completely unattended. The poor kid had the sense to get on to the pavement and wait there helplessly for me,\" Urbi looked shaken up, as if reliving the moments.The incident left the child so traumatized that the couple had to take him to a relative's place and leave him there. \"So much media attention was disturbing him. I don't want him to hear me relate the incident over and over again,\" she said. The couple stayed away from home to avoid this attention. They returned only in the evening.\"Police said that I would be given a bravery award on November 23, along with 12 other women , by chief minister Mamata Banerjee . I don't want such attention. It would be better if someone can guarantee us safety in our neighbourhood. Who knew that there would be snatchers on the prowl in such a crowded locality at that hour! We have been told that the gang had been around since Lakshmi Puja, so what was taking the police so long to nab them?\" she asked candidly.Urbi's husband, Kirit Desai, is a businessman and is immensely proud of his wife. \"She has done what most men would be scared of doing. My wife was so fond of her gold chain that she would wear it occasionally. She had put it on a couple of days back to attend a party. I feel sorry for her and hope that the police are able to return the other half of her chain,\" he said.DC (South) Vishal Garg said that if Urbi feel any threat, police could provide her security. \"She will be provided with necessary protection if she approaches the local police station,\" Garg assured.Kolkata : Thirty two year old Urvi Desai is yet to believe what she had done on Monday evening. It seems like a dream, a bad dream at that, something that will be hard to forget. The quiet, shy home maker is yet to fathom how she managed that strategic sprint and that loud scream while pouncing on her chain snatchers at the junction of Allenby Road and Rammohun Dutta Road. The result was that she treaded where cops failed and managed to nab one of the gang that has been on a snatching spree in the locality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17121006", "title": "Tribals flay cabinet move on Tribal Advisory Council", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The tribal outfits, which have announced to gherao Raj Bhavan on November 10 in support of their demand to declare Kolhan division as a Union Territory (UT), have criticized the Arjun Munda government for passing the guidelines for the Tribal Advisory Council (TAC) on Saturday.Describing the move as unconstitutional, the tribal outfits have claimed that the governor of the state is mandated to formulate rules and regulations for the TAC.\"Article 244 (1) of the Constitution gives this right only to the governor of the state who is the custodian of the Schedule 5 areas under the Panchayats Extension to Scheduled Area Act, (PESA)\" said All India Adivasi Mahasabha leader Mukesh Birua.Claiming the Munda government's step to formulate the TAC guidelines as appeasement of the tribals, the West Singhbhum-based tribal activist said any amount of conciliatory moves would not stop the tribals from marching ahead to Raj Bhavan to join the agitation on Saturday.\"The only reason why we are demanding UT status for the three districts of the Kolhan division is precisely because we have witnessed exploitation of the tribals, their forest and the mineral resources all through the decades of the last century,\" said Birua in a press statement.Calling the successive regimes of the erstwhile Bihar and now Jharkhand as violators of the tribal rights enshrined under the PESA, he said: \"The state sponsored exploitation of the tribals and gross violation of the PESA pushed us to seek for the direct control of the Union government in the day-to-day administrative affairs in the Schedule 5 areas of the Kolhan region,\" said Birua who is also acting president of Rashtriya Deshaj Party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17122025", "title": "Green ministry likely to review oil, gas pipeline approval norms", "text": "NEW DELHI: Environment ministry could review the rules for green clearances and regulation of more than 40,000 km of oil and gas pipelines spread across the country.The move comes after Union environment minister Jayanthi Natarajan made a spot visit to the second oil spill in a year from an ONGC pipe in Nagapattinam, Tamil Nadu.Natarajan said, \"I am going to review the conditions applied when giving clearances for pipelines and if required impose new ones.\"She added, \"The ministry will give notice to the ONGC to decommission all unused pipelines and to set in place a formal approved protocol for it.\"Natarajan visited the spot where sources in the ministry said a pipeline set up in 2003 and not in use anymore had leaked, damaging croplands and pumping oil into an irrigation canal.She noted that the company had informed that hazardous waste was being disposed off in a pit instead of being sent through a legally-mandated treatment facility. She said the company would also be sent a notice on the issue.\"I am also going to talk to the Union minister for petroleum and natural gas, Veerappa Moily to ensure that there affected people, whose lands are damaged are not only given a compensation but also provided a rehabilitation package,\" she said.She pointed to the need of implementing the state-of-art technologies to monitor oil carrying pipelines noting that ONGC alone had 30,000 km of pipelines across the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17123775", "title": "Threatened by her beauty, man attacks lover with acid", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 30-year-old woman has been admitted at the Coimbatore Medical College Hospital after her live in partner threw acid on her face in a fit of rage on Tuesday afternoon. The victim's face has been seriously disfigured in the acid attack and her condition is said to be extremely critical.Police said, the victim was identified as B Chandrakala (30), hailing from Perur Chettipalayam on the outskirts of the city. She began an extra marital affair with Ravi alias Ravichandran (40), from Kempatti Colony in the city, five year ago. Ravi is a gold dust scavenger and her husband Balasubramaniam, 38, was working under Ravi.Three years ago, Chandrakala and Ravi left their respective families and were living together in a rented house at Perur Chettipalayam. A year ago, Ravi began suffering from paralysis and his health condition deteriorated. He began suspecting Chandrakala's modesty and accused her of having affairs on the side. The couple fought often over this issue. Frustrated, Ravi decided to attack her with acid.On Tuesday, around 2 pm, he was waiting at Vysial street in the city when his partner walked by and he threw a bottle of acid on her face and fled. She cried for help and people in the vicinity rushed her to CMCH. Her face has been seriously disfigured.Big Bazaar police has registered a case against Ravi under section 307 (attempt to murder) of IPC and arrested him in the evening. He told police that since Chandrakala was attractive, she began having an affair with another man after he became physically handicapped. He wanted to rob her of her beauty and thus attacked her with acid.Chandrakala has two daughters and Ravi has one. They left their children three years ago to start a new life together.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17124266", "title": "High court grants relief to mother who lost daughter", "text": "NAGPUR: Granting respite to a bereaved mother, the Aurangabad bench of the Bombay High Court has set aside the Beed session court's order that had dismissed the Criminal Revision Application against her daughter's in-laws on the grounds that it was filed after the deadline.\"The petitioner is a woman and admittedly, her daughter had lost her life. Her plight and her mental condition can't be overlooked. Hence, a liberal view needs to be adopted and a delay caused in filing the revision application deserves to be condoned in the interest of justice,\" Justice Shrihari Davare ruled while allowing her application with a cost of Rs 5,000 to be paid to the respondents.Petitioner Vrandavani Dalvi's daughter Jayashree from Majalgaon in Beed district entered into matrimony with Deepak Andil on May 31, 2005. However, her in-laws physically and mentally harassed her for dowry (Rs 30,000) to dig up a borewell. Due to the harassment, she suffered a miscarriage. They also failed to provide her proper medical treatment while she was suffering from jaundice which led her to death on April 7, 2008. Initially, the police refused to register Dalvi's complaint, but after judicial magistrate's orders, they did it under Sections 498-A, 304-B, and 506 of the IPC which deals with cruelty, dowry death, criminal intimidation and acts done in furtherance of the common intention.However the trial court dismissed it on the grounds that the accused had no intention to cause Avani's death and that the complaint appeared to be an after-thought. Dalvi then filed a criminal revision application at the Beed sessions court. However, it was filed much later after the expiry of the 90-day deadline i.e. after nine months, and was accordingly dismissed on February 6. The mother refused to give up and knocked at the doors of the high court.Dalvi argued that she was a villager engaged in sugarcane harvesting and for the same purpose, she needed to leave her native place for months at a time. It was only after she returned from one such stint outside that she came to know that her case was dismissed by the trial court. There was also a delay in obtaining the necessary documents for filing the revision application. She pleaded to the court to take a liberal view and accept the reasons as sufficient for condoning the delay.Justice Davare observed that the limitation period is of 90 days and even if time for procuring necessary documents is not considered, there was a delay of six months in filing of the revision application. \"In the said context, sight cannot be lost of the fact that the petitioner is a rustic villager and as per the averments made in the present petition, she is a sugarcane harvesting labourer and had gone out for that purpose for about six months. Hence, an opportunity needs to be given to the petitioner to prosecute her revision application on its own merits,\" he said while quashing the sessions judge's orders.However, he made it clear that the observations in this case are prima facie in nature and shall be restricted to this order only and shall not be used in any other matter while deciding it on merits.(With inputs from Lakshmi Dwivedi)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17122234", "title": "'Skewed ratio of student intake a concern'", "text": "PUNE: For every five students who join engineering courses, there is only one student who takes up polytechnic education. The ideal ratio of student intake, however, is three students in polytechnic for one student joining engineering education.The contrast has been highlighted in a note on reforms in polytechnics put up for consideration by the Central Advisory Board of Education (CABE) at its meeting to be held on Thursday.\"Polytechnics suffer from a skewed ratio of student intake,\" the note says, while pointing out that the oversupply from engineering institutions and undersupply from polytechnic institutions has led to students who graduate as engineers finding employment as technicians.The ratio is also an outcome of the growth of the Indian economy in the last few decades with the services sector outperforming the manufacturing sector , the note said. \"Engineering education is viewed as offering greater opportunities for employment in such scenario than the polytechnics, which have not been able to re-orient to the emerging workforce requirements of the service sector-led economic growth,\" it said. This calls for efforts to change the quality and image of polytechnics, it added.Over the years, the polytechnic sector has diversified from offering three-year generalised courses in conventional subjects like civil, electrical and mechanical engineering to electronics, computer science, information technology and other engineering branches. The sector recorded a significant growth during the XI Five-Year Plan period (2007-2012).As of now, there are 3,224 polytechnics across the country with a total capacity of 12 lakh seats. Of this, 80% seats are for courses related to engineering and technology. A total of 2,204 institutions are in the private unaided sector, the CABE note stated. \"Maharashtra has 415 polytechnics and almost 80% of these are private unaided institutions,\" said Shridhar Vaidya, secretary of the Teachers Association for Non-Aided Polytechnics.In the last two years, the AICTE has taken up initiatives aimed at increasing the capacity in polytechnic sector. This includes raising the student intake from 180 to 300 per course, tuition fee waiver for 5% supernumerary seats for economically weaker sections, lateral entry to polytechnics from the industrial training institutes, permission for second shift polytechnics in degree colleges and existing polytechnics, conduct of modular courses for skills during evening hours in polytechnics and recognition of experienced polytechnic teachers for appointment in degree colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "17122823", "title": "Karat echoes CM's 'loot' jibe", "text": "HOWRAH: CPM general secretary Prakash Karat on Tuesday echoed arch rival Mamata Banerjee to say there was \"loot going on in the name of librealization\". Just after breaking away from the UPA, Mamata had said \"loot cholche, loot...\" (there is looting going on in the name of reforms).Karat said at a Citu seminar in Howrah that even if the UPA government succeeds in pushing through the bill on FDI in multi-brand retail in Parliament, CPM won't allow Walmart or any other MNC retail chain to set up shop anywhere in the country.Large corporates are being allowed to evade tax, Karat alleged. There is high-level corruption going on in the country and politicians have got involved with the corporate sector. \"We shall build up protest at all towns and cities across the country. We shall also protest in Parliament. We shall not allow retail chains like Walmart to do business in India,\" Karat said.There were marked similarities between what the top CPM leader said on Tuesday and what Trinamool Congress chief and West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee had said a few days ago. According to Karat, the Congress stands alone in UPA II. The only party standing by the Congress is the NCP.\"We are sure that the UPA II won't be able to push through the FDI in multi-brand retail Bill in Parliament. We have a shameless government at the Centre. When Pranab Mukherjee was finance minister, he had proposed measures to prevent tax avoidance. As soon as he was elected President, the prime minister reviewed the proposal and postponed it by three years. Jaipal Reddy lost his portfolio as he was opposed to the preferential treatment being meted out to Reliance. We have been protesting against this since 2001,\" Karat said.The CPM leader insisted that even Congress chairperson Sonia Gandhi had asked the prime minister to tread carefully in the matter of FDI in multi-brand retail.\"We have a copy of the letter sent by her to the PM. Today, we find Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi speaking out in favour of FDI in multi-brand retail. During my visit to the UK, I spoke to some farmers of Indian origin. They told me that they weren't happy with retail chains like Walmart. To start with, these chains offer good rates to farmers and sell cheap to consumers. Gradually, as they get rid of all competition, they reveal their true colours and start exploiting people,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17123713", "title": "Age limit for govt job relaxed in state", "text": "BHOPAL: The cabinet under the leadership of chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan on Tuesday took several bold decisions including approval of a fresh power subsidy to the tune of Rs 275 crore for farmers and increasing the upper age limit for direct recruitments in state government services from 35 years to 40 years. The upper age limit for recruitment of scheduled castes and tribes, OBC, government servants, employees of corporations, boards, commissions, autonomous bodies, home guards and women has been further relaxed to 45 years.This, however, will not be applicable for appointment of the executive posts of home (police), forest, excise and jail departments. So that this can be implemented with immediate effect, the cabinet also extended the last date of November 4 for entertaining applications for Madhya Pradesh Public Service Commission by another 15 days. Those who have crossed the age limit of 35 years and are still interested in joining the state government services can apply this year.\"Today's was a pro-government employees cabinet meeting,'' said minister for health and state government spokesman Narottam Mishra.\"The cabinet further decided to increase the retirement age of workers of the Madhya Pradesh Eastern Region Power Distribution Company from 58 to 60 years. Besides, as per company's proposal, the cabinet endorsed to give option of accepting 60 years as retirement age to class-1, II and III employees of Madhya Pradesh State Electricity Board whose services have been finally merged with the Eastern Region Power Distribution Company.''Daily wagers previously did not have a declared retirement age. After Tuesday's cabinet decision daily wage employees of class III category will continue in service till the age of 60 years and and class IV category will work till the age of 62 years.The cabinet's decision to give an additional power subsidy of Rs 275 crore to farmers will take the total electricity subsidy to the state's agrarian sector to Rs 2,200 crore. Presently, Rs 1,925 crore subsidy is being given to farmers.\"The government has decided to pay-off the recent tariff hike of farmers. So that the farmers do not feel burdened with the increased power tariff, the government felt that the load had to be subsidized,'' Narottam Mishra explained.Sanction was granted for 21 proposed schemes of the Scheduled Castes Welfare Department under the 12th Five-Year Plan. The total cost of the schemes is Rs 5,344 crore. These schemes include scholarships, stipends, residential schools, centres for excellence in education, renovation of hostel and ashram buildings for SC/ST students, construction of hostel and ashram buildings, subsidy to voluntary organizations, development of schedule caste habitats and establishment of special courts for disposal of cases related to SC/St atrocities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17123776", "title": "Posters put up to shame 'missing' Pollachi MP", "text": "COIMBATORE: MPs better watch out! A section of voters in Kuniamuthur in the city have put up posters seeking information on their MP, K Sukumar, a senior AIADMK leader who represents Pollachi in Lok Sabha, who they claim has not been seen in the area since he won the seat in 2009.The local unit of Social Democratic Party of India is behind the poster campaign and each poster urges Sukumar to return to see the forgotten electorate, which is waiting eagerly for him. Some posters urge the state government to trace their MP. Over 5,000 posters have been printed and put up in the area.\"We have no news of the MP since the 2009 election. We hope he is doing well and not affected by any disease. Though he has forgotten us, we have not forgotten him. He did nothing for his constituency so far and another Lok Sabha election is round the corner. It was in this context, we have decided to print the posters and paste them across the constituency,\" said M Mohammed Noufal, secretary of SDPI unit in Thondamuthur constituency.Though Kuniamuthur is part of Coimbatore corporation, the area falls under Thondamuthur assembly constituency and Pollachi Lok Sabha constituency. \"It was only after seeing our posters that many voters of Pollachi constituency knew that Sukumar was their MP. Most people believe that their parliament member is CPM's P R Natarajan, who represents Coimbatore constituency. Natarajan is active across the region and people across constituency boundaries think of him as their MP. Sukumar did nothing for the constituency and he forgot the voters too,\" said Mohammed Noufal.Abdul Nasar, a resident of Kuniamuthur, said he did not visit the constituency after the 2009 elections. \"If he does not visit the area, then we will give an advertisement in newspapers to trace the MP,\" he said. According to N Babu, an auto driver from Kuniamuthur, people in the area get drinking water once in 10 days. \"The MP does not have time to visit his constituency. But he wants our votes. The state government should trace the MP immediately and we have a lot of questions for him,'' he said.Efforts by this reporter to contact the MP over telephone also failed. Attempts to reach him on various mobile numbers listed in his name failed as the calls failed to elicit any response.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17124315", "title": "Man leaves home in anger, commits suicide", "text": "NAGPUR: Two days of searching for their son finally led the parents of a 30-year-old to his body, floating in Gandhi Sagar Lake, on Tuesday morning.Shailendra Awate, a resident of Khapa village, had left home on Sunday. He came to the city on a bike the same day. On Sunday evening, the security guard at Gandhi Sagar garden had heard Awate speaking on the phone, saying that he had consumed poison and is going to commit suicide at Gandhi Sagar lake.The guard asked him to seek immediate medical treatment and also alerted the police. However, by the time cops reached the place, Awate had disappeared. Later, Awate's family members came searching for him at Gandhi Sagar lake and found his bike parked there.The cops searched for his body in the lake on Monday but could not find it. On Tuesday, Awate's body was found floating on the lake. Awate had been married just a year ago and his wife is four months pregnant. Cops said Awate had an argument with his family over some petty issue and had left home in anger. They say this might have led him to suicide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17122107", "title": "Elected representatives get the flak for ignoring train troubles", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbaikars have slammed its elected representatives for not putting adequate pressure on the state government to expedite the execution of crucial projects in the city that will bring relief to nearly 75 lakh suburban commuters.Subhash Gupta, Rail Pravasi Sangh said, \"The suburban railways have suffered due to lack of interest from elected representatives. They do not consider commuters as vote bank. They are keen to defend encroachments on railway land, but not to pursue the issue of suburban railways, considering the fact that more than 3,500 people die on the tracks every year.\"Agreeing with him, Shailesh Goyal, National Rail User Consultative Committee, said, \"Most citizens decide the location of their houses based on train connectivity. It is Mumbai's lifeline, but yet the government does not show pro-active interest.It should accelerate the decision-making.\"However, Disagreeing that the elected representatives do not put adequate pressure, Nawab Malik, MLA from Trombay, said, \"We always raise the issue at the right forum, including the legislatures. However, the chief minister should expedite the decision-making process in the bureaucracyy, if this is the perception among the public.\"Civic activist Anil Galgali said, \"The city is going to collapse if the transport system is not augmented. There is no headway on several projects. like Mumbai Transport Harbour Link, in-land waters, coastal road, Pedder Road, etc.The CM should conduct a review of the status of the projects and performances of bureaucrats. Babus with poor results should be shifted to inconsequential departments to show that he means business.\"A senior cabinet minister said decision-making has slowed done in the administrative quarters since the government machinery is forced to take a 'microscopic' view of every project. \"Recently, we invited a tender for an online project expecting reputed firms to turn up, including the Tata Consultancy Services (TCS). Reputed firms did turn up but were expensive. TCS did turn up but demanded with a heavy cost.There lies the catch: in the current scenario, we can either get quality at high cost or depend on fringe players,\" said the minister, adding that both latter and former invite criticism from all quarters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17123803", "title": "Expecting moms to get pick-up, drop", "text": "COIMBATORE: In a first of its kind initiative in the state, Tamil Nadu State Health Society is planning to introduce free vehicle services in all the 12 blocks in Coimbatore district, hoping to reduce infant and maternal mortality rates by providing better transport facilities to pregnant women in rural areas. The vehicle would have a pick-up and drop service. It would reach the pregnant women's home a day before the delivery date and transport them to the Public Health Centres (PHC) without any delay.\"This service would benefit poor women as getting to a PHC is very difficult for them,\" said R Damodharan, deputy director, public health services, Coimbatore. He said that most women in rural areas do not have proper transport facilities. Even if they happen to find any, it is not affordable.According to Damodharan, all information about pregnant women including their contact number, would be registered during their anti-natal period. The vehicle would be sent to their residence a day or two before the delivery date, depending on the woman's condition. They would also be dropped back home after the delivery, he added. \"We have also decided to sms a reminder to the respective families before the day of pick-up. This would help them be prepared for their hospital stay,\" he added.According to Damodharan, infant mortality rate in the district stands at 16.5 per 1000 babies while maternity mortality rate is at 0.5 per one lakh. There are 47 PHCs in the district, where 23 deliveries take place per day, on an average. At the nine government hospitals, a total of nine deliveries take place a day.Based on the number of child deliveries registered at the PHCs and the terrain, blocks have been allotted a certain number of vehicles. For instance: Annamalai block has been allotted three vehicles, Madukkarai block two vehicles, Karamadai block two vehicles, while Annur, Kinnathakadavu, Periyanaickenpalayam, Pollachi North, Pollachi South, Sarkarsamakulam block, Sultanpettai block, Sulur block and Thindamuthur block has been allotted one vehicle each.Damodharan said, all the expenses including fuel, salary for drivers and other expenses would be taken care of by the government and the whole project would be implemented by the district public health society headed by the executive secretary, who is the deputy director of health services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17123139", "title": "6-year-old sand artist wins accolades", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: At the tender age of six Swayam Sakhyam, like others of his ilk, too loves to make sand castles on the beach. But he stands out from others because he has perfected his passion. Puri-based Swayam recently won a sand animation show on a popular entertainment channel.The artist, who learnt the art from famous sand sculptor Sudarsan Pattnaik, was felicitated at a function on the Puri beach on Tuesday. \"The television programme was a good platform. My performance was appreciated by the jury members, including Terence Lewis and Sonali Bendre. I also got a medal,\" Swayam said.The Class I student of Blessed Sacrament School has been learning sand art since the past three years. \"He is perhaps the youngest sand artist. He has great talent,\" Sudarsan said. Recently, Swayam was felicitated by chief minister Naveen Patnaik for his sand art work at Anjali International children's festival in Bhubaneswar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17123728", "title": "Sex workers to promote condom use, HIV test", "text": "HUBLI: Hubli-Dharwad has the dubious distinction of having high incidence of HIV/AIDS in the state. Keeping this in view, sex workers in the twin cities have formed a peer group to educate fellow workers to take precautions while having sex to avoid HIV and other sexual transmitted diseases. A team of 25 sex workers, mainly women who are trained by Society for People Actions for Development (SPAD) an NGO, will visit areas where sex workers assemble and convince them to use condoms and undergo an HIV test every six months.Apart from educating, a team works on the treatment of HIV and other STDs for fellow sex workers. Some times, they also counsel couple suffering from HIV. According to the sources, twin cities have nearly 1400 sex workers, of them, 40% women sex workers are operating from homes while 60% are doing their profession on the streets of twin cities.Members of peer educators will visit all busy spots like slums, theatres, bus-terminus both old and new, market area, parks, gardens, and railway station where sex workers will wait in search of their customers. Speaking to TOI Shaila, Peer educator of SPAD, said sex workers from rural areas of Hubli, Dharwad, and Davangere, Haveri, Shiggaon,Bijapur will come to the city in search of customers.\"We meet each sex worker personally and convince them to use condom to avoid STDs by giving condoms for free. Besides, every three months we take them for clinical check up and HIV test for every six months,\" she added.\"Our efforts have yielded good results as many sex workers are now aware of HIV and even ask their partners to use condoms. Initially, they refused to use condoms, but have gradually realized the importance of safe sex. There were instances when sex workers refused to have sex with their partners if they didn't agree to use condoms,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17123307", "title": "Ferrer outruns Del Porto at ATP World Tour Finals", "text": "LONDON: Fourth-seeded David Ferrer , the 5 ft 9' Spaniard, combined craft with consistency to outsmart the 6 ft 6' Argentine Juan Martin Del Porto 6-3, 3-6, 6-4 in a Group B round robin clash of the Barclays ATP World Tour Finals at The O2 Arena on Tuesday.Ferrer, who has enjoyed the best season of his career with an ATP Tour-leading seven titles and 72 match wins, is on a ten-match winning streak, coming into the tournament with victories in his last two competitions in Valencia and the Masters 1000 event in Paris last week.He extended the streak with another typically grit effort, closing out the match in 2-hours and 16-minutes.The seasoned Spaniard, who leads the head-to-head 5-2, with Ferrer having won the two matches they played this year, both clashes were round of 16 affairs which were closed out in straight sets, the first on hard court in Miami and the second on grass at Wimbledon.The Argentine looked set to pull one back on Tuesday, but in the end was unable to pull it off. Defending champion Roger Federer and Serb Janko Tipsarevic complete Group B.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17123780", "title": "England team takes pains to showcase 'good vibe' with Kevin Pietersen", "text": "AHMEDABAD: If the selection of the six England players for the open media session was any indication, Kevin Pietersen still has some hearts to win in the dressing room.All the 'chosen' ones - Matt Prior , Jonathan Trott , Ian Bell , Eoin Morgan, Graham Onions and Samit Patel - have no prior history of any conflict with KP.So all that was ringing in the air during the session was how \"KP has been fantastic\" and that \"he is a great player\" and that \"he has lot of experience of Indian conditions\" and so on.A Graeme Swann could have put things in better perspective, perhaps. Or maybe even a James Anderson or a Stuart Broad .When all is said and done, though, the team will require KP's experience on this tour to bail them out.\"There has been harmony in the dressing room and things are fine right now,\" said Trott, who had a one-to-one interaction with KP following the latter's return to the squad.\"In fact all of us had one. It is great to have him back and he always got along fine with the guys. The integrity of the team is important and we can't afford to have this kind of a mishap in the future,\" added Trott.Both Trott and Bell had always been in favour of KP's return.Prior, who played a major role in KP's return said: \"His return is really exciting news for England. He is in good touch. The way he played for Delhi Daredevils , it's good news for England.\"With Bell most likely to miss a Test, the importance of KP's presence cannot be overstated.\"He is one match-winner we have in the team,\" said Samit Patel.Onions said: \"Now that he is back in the squad, I am sure he will do everything he can to help us win this series.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17123351", "title": "45 MLAs, nine MPs with me, claims BS Yeddyurappa", "text": "BANGALORE: The BJP got a sense of things to come when it witnessed a show of strength by the BS Yeddyurappa camp here on Tuesday.The group claimed 45 MLAs (including 10 ministers), 11 MLCs and 9 MPs were present at the meeting at Yeddyurappa's residence. The agenda was to work out the modalities of the new party and, ironically, to ensure no harm to the Jagadish Shettar government.Tuesday's development signalled that ministers loyal to Yeddyurappa may continue in the Shettar cabinet while being part of the new party.Yeddyurappa held a three-hour meeting of his supporters at his Dollar's Colony residence. The turnout seems to have buoyed the former CM as the number of legislators supporting him has not dwindled much.Briefing reporters after the meeting , ministers Basavaraj Bommai and CM Udasi said it was decided at no cost would Shettar's government be weakened . \"We made him the CM and it makes no sense to dislodge the government we set up,'' they said. One minister said, \"The day the Election Commission announces the code of conduct for the assembly elections, we will exit the cabinet. Even now the decision on whether we should continue or not is left to Yeddyurappa.\"An MP, who attended the meeting, said: \"It was a confidence-building exercise. There was also an opinion that Yeddyurappa should patch up as differences happen between husband and wife. Divorce is not the recourse.''But the show of strength appears to have sent the message that efforts by the state unit leadership to placate Yeddyurappa and ensure his continuance in the party have come to a nought. State party chief KS Eshwarappa hosted a lunch for ministers and bureaucrats after the cabinet meeting on Tuesday to deflect attention from the rival meeting . Eshwarappa had in fact adopted a mellow stance towards his bete noire Yeddyurappa by issuing a diktat to all not to speak ill of the former chief minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17124435", "title": "State consults IIT for tamper-proof e-meters", "text": "MUMBAI: Fearing that auto and taxi drivers may tamper with recalibrated electronic meters, thus further burdening commuters, consumer activists say the transport department should take adequate measures to prevent this. A senior transport official said the department had approached IIT-Bombay for a \"foolproof e-meter design\". \"Also, we have decided to cancel the permit of any auto owner/driver proved guilty of tampering a new e-meter .\" While the state government has made it mandatory for autos to switch to e-meters by March 31 and taxis by April 30 of next year, sources said that by the end of the current year, most of these vehicles would anyway have e-meters. \"We are ensuring that the new e-meters have proper seals and the distance travelled is not manipulated by the device,\" a transport official said.Consumer rights activist Shirish Deshpande said, \"Emeters are tamper-evident . I advise commuters to keep a close watch on the e-meter during a journey. If the distance flag drops quickly, it is clear that there is something wrong with the device . Also, after completing the journey, the distance travelled should be checked.\"Also, there are no waiting charges now. So, commuters should not pay for waiting time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17121246", "title": "Nitin Gadkari hangs on, gets clean chit from BJP", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nitin Gadkari is hanging in as the BJP chief because of the testimonial of innocence from RSS ideologue and chartered accountant S Gurumurthy, the Sangh's refusal to be hustled into a decision on the career of its protege and the tussle among various party factions which would prefer the status quo because they dislike and fear alternatives more.Gadkari, who faced an open challenge from prominent party MP Ram Jethmalani , got a reprieve on the basis of Gurumurthy's investigation into his business practices. Sushma Swaraj and Arun Jaitley , leaders of opposition in the two Houses of Parliament, cited Gurumurthy's findings to reject all charges against Gadkari and to pledge the party's support for his leadership.According to sources, Gurumurthy, a chartered accountant who is well regarded in Sangh circles as an ideologue, told BJP leaders individually and collectively that the investments by 18 shell companies because of which Gadkari came under a cloud were actually the handiwork of a Maharashtra businessman Manish Mehta who had put Rs 47-odd crore in the Purti group. He put the money into shell companies when he exited, Gurumurthy explained to senior party leader L K Advani , and later, to others collectively.\"The meeting accepted the presentation of Shri Gurumurthy that there was no legal or moral wrongdoing by Shri Nitin Gadkari. The party endorsed the stand of Shri Gadkari that he is ready and willing to face any fair inquiry. Shri Gadkari has no direct or indirect interest in the 18 investment companies which have invested in the Purti group,\" Swaraj and Jaitley said after the chartered accountant shared his findings with them and other BJP functionaries.The two leaders further said, \"The party has full faith in the leadership of Shri Gadkari.\"The statement read out by Ravishankar Prasad also seemed to frown upon the public display of unease within the ranks over Gadkari. \"The party appeals to all its leaders and workers not to air such views in public which hurt the image of the party,\" Swaraj and Jaitley said in what was seen as a clear allusion to Ram Jethmalani's demand that Gadkari step down in the party's interest.Gadkari stayed away from the meeting to facilitate \"a frank question-answer session\" with Gurumurthy. Advani did not attend the meeting.However, despite the public show of solidarity with the leader, doubts persisted about Gadkari getting a second term. There were also unanswered questions about the presence of persons close to him as directors in the shell companies floated by Mehta. Also, Mehta's exist from Purti group did not end his business ties with Gadkari. The BJP chief served as an independent director in Chintamani group, a venture promoted by the Mehtas.Sources in the party admitted that the picture remained hazy and Gadkari, even if he is reprieved on technicality, was not out of the political woods yet. They said the matter will eventually be decided by long-term political calculations, insisting that the party could not allow itself to be stampeded into taking a decision about its president.As he visited a parade of BJP leaders at their residences and Jethmalani followed up his son Mahesh's protest against him, Gadkari was already looking diminished with serious doubts about his effectiveness in a party which is a collective of factions.Ironically, besides the clean bill of health from Gurumurthy, Gadkari was also helped by Jethmalani's public assault. The noted lawyer, who is openly supportive of Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi as the party's choice for prime minister, told media that Gadkari's continuation as the BJP chief would be disastrous for the nation and the party. He also discussed with media the contents of the letter he sent to Advani on November 2 where he had taken the same position.In his letter to Advani, Jethmalani quoted other senior party leaders -- former Union ministers Yashwant Sinha , Jaswant Singh and Shatrughan Sinha -- to say, \"We are of the opinion that the continued presidentship of the party is a disaster for the nation and the BJP. The damage already caused is immense but may be mitigated with great effort. He may be asked to resign forthwith. If we wait till Parliament is summoned, we will have betrayed the nation.\"Jethmalani's move annoyed those who consider Gadkari to be a political liability as well as his sympathizers alike. RSS was irritated because the three leaders mentioned by Jethmalani are not Sangh's favourites. In fact, it was instrumental in Jaswant Singh's expulsion from the party for his appreciation of Jinnah and kept itself aloof from his homecoming under Advani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "17124580", "title": "Superman just got to know home truth", "text": "NEW YORK: Now, Superman knows where exactly he came from.A noted astrophysicist claimed to have determined the actual location of Superman's fictional home planet \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Krypton.Krypton is found 27.1 lightyears from Earth, in the southern constellation Corvus, said Neil de-Grasse Tyson, director of the American Museum of Natural History's Hayden Planetarium in New York . Krypton, which is cooler and smaller than our sun, orbits the red dwarf star LHS 2520, Tyson said.According to the Superman mythos, the superhero was born on Krytpon but was launched toward Earth as an infant by his father, Jor-El , just before the planet's destruction . After touching down in Kansas , Superman was raised as Clark Kent by a farmer and his wife.\"This is a major milestone in the Superman mythos that gives our super hero a place in the universe ,\" said DC Comics , the publisher of the Superman series.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17124293", "title": "Tata may pull plug on BEST over dues", "text": "MUMBAI: In a worrying development for island city residents , Tata Power recently issued a notice to the BEST Undertaking asking it to clear its arrears amounting to Rs 894 crore within 60 days. If it fails to do so, Tata Power has threatened to pull out of the existing arrangement with BEST and sell electricity in the open market. If this happens , say BEST officials, the island city will face a complete blackout. The loss-making BEST has not paid Tata Power a single paisa for the electricity it has bought for the island city since July. BEST to use BMC loan to settle duesThe BEST Undertaking's dues to Tata Power have now touched Rs 894 crore with interest. BEST supplies 950MW daily to nearly 10 lakh households and commercial establishments and 95% of its requirements come from Tata Power. It buys at least 400 million units of electricity from Tata Power every month, say sources.An official said this power is purchased at an \"affordable rate\" of approximately Rs 4.50 per unit. \"The non-payment of dues has happened for the first time in nine decades,\" said another official. \"It is only because of our long-term relationship (since 1926) that Tata Power had given us an extension for making the payments. However, after some months of delay, it has issued a notice and given us a deadline of 60 days,\" he said.The issue was also raised at the BEST committee meeting on Tuesday. BEST general manager Om Prakash Gupta, while holding back the salaries of 47,000 BEST staffers for the past three days, told the committee, \"I am arranging for money to first pay the salaries. It will not be possible to give a Diwali bonus this time as Tata Power has issued a notice to clear pending dues. Else, they will pull out and sell power in the open market. This would mean a blackout in the island city,\" he said. Gupta said BEST was making arrangements to pay Tata Power. \"A loan of Rs 1,600 crore was sanctioned by the BMC on Monday . Part of the money would be used to clear the dues since July ,\" he added. BEST assistant GM Mahendra B Urunkar said, \"We have informed Tata Power about the BMC loan. Hopefully they will not pull out.\"There is also a special discount to BEST for prompt payment and the benefit is passed on to the consumer. But the BEST has lost out on this.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17123370", "title": "Don't use temple trust money on ads: HC", "text": "SHIMLA: The Himachal Pradesh high court has hauled up the state government and a temple trust for spending pilgrims' donations on a souvenir advertisement.A division bench of Chief Justice Kurian Joseph and Justice Dharam Chand Chaudhary directed the chief secretary and chief commissioner, temples, to issue appropriate directions to all commissioners that the God's money would not be spent for advertisements in souvenirs.\"It is made clear that the temple trust shall not spend any money by way of any advertisement in any souvenir,\" the judges ruled.Taking cognizance of a letter by Rajnish Khosla about Rs 1 lakh being spent by Baba Balak Nath Temple Trust Fund for an advertisement in a souvenir published by Himachal Tourism in connection with Hamir Utsav, an entertainment festival in 2009, the court by considering it as an writ petition had sought an explanation both from the temple trust as well as the state government.The temple trust had defended its action by telling the court that the amount was sent along with the souvenir material at the request of the deputy commissioner. The judges observed, \"The text of the advertisement that appeared in the souvenir has also been produced. Having gone through the material and as has been rightly perceived by all concerned in the court, God's money is not to be spent for advertisement about the temple or its activities.\"Temple trusts are among the richest religious institutions in Himachal, with at least 13, including Baba Balaknath Temple, counted as millionaire temples in the state. In 2009, nine shrines had stocks of over 400 kgs of gold with Mata Chintpurni temple in Una alone possessing 150 kgs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "17122190", "title": "Police begin probe into Ramdev's guru disappearance", "text": "DEHRADUN: The Uttarakhand police on Tuesday begun probe into the mysterious disappearance of Yoga guru Ramdev's 78-year-old guru three days after the case was converted into that of kidnapping.Shanker Dev had gone missing from his Kripalu Bagh ashram in Haridwar on July 14, 2007. The ashram is now known as Divya Yog Mandir.Dev, a recluse, had given shelter to Ramdev and his aide Balkrishan years ago when they had come to his ashram seeking renunciation. The four-bigha land on which the ashram is built was in Dev's name. But Ramdev and Balkrishan got it converted into a trust in 1995.Haridwar SSP Arun Kumar Joshi said the police were surprised as Ramdev lodged Dev's missing report two days after he disappeared. \"If Ramdev and Balkrishan were worried about the disappearance of their guru, they should have lodged FIR on July 14, 2007,\" he said.Joshi said Dev's missing case was converted into that of kidnapping on the basis of police investigation.A senior police officer said surprisingly the case was closed without proper investigations on April 20, 2008.Ramdev said the FIR was lodged late as he thought Dev would return to his ashramThe state government had recommended a CBI probe into the case on October 13.Chief minister Vijay Bahuguna said his government had done so on the pleas of sages in Haridwar, who suspect people close to Ramdev of having kidnapped and killed Dev.Ramdev dismissed the allegations as \"absolutely baseless, concocted and unfounded\" and said he was not scared of any probe.A senior IPS officer said Dev could have been killed to grab the land he owned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17124382", "title": "Boycott Raj: Now, officials walk out of MCG House meeting", "text": "GURGAON: A role reversal was witnessed at the MCG's 'monthly' House meeting on Tuesday. While all these months it was the councillors who staged a walkout in protest against the apathetic attitude of the corporation officials, on Tuesday it was the turn of these officials to do so.After a scathing attack was launched on the medical officer by some councillors regarding the deteriorating level of sanitation in the city, almost all her colleagues abruptly walked out of the meeting even as the municipal commissioner shook his head in disbelief. It was only after many frantic phone calls by him and the joint commissioner did the officials come back after about 15 minutes. This was not the end of the drama.As soon as the officials, including the chief engineer and superintending engineer, walked back into the meeting hall, the councillor said that now it was their turn to stage a walkout. They claimed that these officials did not have the right to leave the meeting and said that they have \"insulted\" the House in doing so. The mayor and his team, however, were able to persuade them against doing any such thing.The trouble began when Ward 14 councillor Sunita Kataria of INLD accused the medical officer, Aruna Sangwan, of colluding with the sanitation contractor - Balaji security service. \"The medical officer should be immediately removed from her post as she is not able to keep the city clean. She is working in collusion with the owner of Balaji security agency. Despite so many complaints against this contractor, she is not willing to take any action against him. Moreover, the contract of this agency keeps getting extended. Her deputation term in the MCG has already expired and she should not be given any further extension,\" she said, peppering her remarks with some unparliamentary language.Refuting the allegations, the medical officer claimed that the sanitation in other MCG areas is better than in Ward 14. This further led to a flurry of allegations and at one point it almost seemed that the two sides would come to blows. Some MCG officials had to intervene and almost immediately all of them walked out of the meeting. The commissioner and the mayor appealed to all councillors to refrain from making any personal attacks on the officials. The commissioner also said that he would look into the complaints made by the councillors against the medical officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17124311", "title": "JEE registrations to begin from Thursday", "text": "NAGPUR: Registrations for the new Joint Entrance Exam (JEE) will begin from November 8 onwards, and the entire process will be completed online. JEE officials have announced that the registration forms will be available on the official site till December 15.This exam is being conducted by the JEE Apex Board for admission to undergraduate engineering programmes in NITs, IIITs and other centrally-funded technical institutions. Admission to these institutions will be done on the basis of a merit list based on 40% weightage to Std XII board marks and 60% weightage to JEE (main). The weightage to school board marks shall be considered only after normalization.The JEE (main) will also be an eligibility test for the JEE (advanced), which the candidate has to take if aspiring for admission to the undergraduate programmes offered by the IITs.Maharashtra has decided to participate in the JEE from 2014. Hence, for the next year, admission to state colleges will be done through the older format of MHT-CET.JEE (main) will consist of paper-I and paper-II. While the first paper is for all those who want to pursue engineering, the latter is for students who wish to study architecture or planning at non-IIT institutes. Paper-I will test the candidates in physics, chemistry and mathematics in the objective format. This paper can be given either online or offline (pen &amp; paper mode). Paper-II is available only in the offline format.Paper-I (offline) and paper-II will be held next year on April 7. The online exam for paper-I will be held from April 8-25 and candidates will be required to make their slot/date selection through online mode between February 1-15. If an online test candidate does not make this selection then a randomly selected slot will be assigned, based on the availability.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "nagapattinam", "code": "17124347", "title": "VCK leader murdered in Nagore", "text": "NAGAPATTINAM: Nagore has become tense since Monday night as a VCK leader was hacked to death. P Sathyamurthy, 35, the local VCK organizer was killed by assailants who came in motorcycles.VCK supporters broke the window panes of a few buses in the city in protest, but police have arrested one accused while three others have surrendered in court.The police said Sathyamurthy and his friend Vetriselvan were residents of Amirtha Nagar in Tsunami Kudiyiruppu in Nagore. The duo was on their way from Nagapattinam to Nagore by bike on Monday. When they were passing via the government industrial training institute (ITI), a four-member gang which came by motorbikes intercepted the duo and tried to attack them. But Vetriselvan ran away from the spot. However, Sathyamurthy also tried to escape but was caught. The gang unleashed a brutal attack on him and killed him. Vetriselvan later lodged a complaint with the police alleging that Anburajan, Arun from Therku Paalpannaicheri, R Aravindhan and Siva committed the murder.According to sources, the crime might have been committed by one of those people who had earlier killed Sathyamurthy's brother Rengaiyyan at Karaikkal in January this year. Rengaiyyan was the party's city secretary. The accused in Rengaiyyan's murder had recently been released on bail.Meanwhile, Sathyamurthy's supporters staged a road blockade in front of Nagapattinam government hospital. They also ransacked some shops in the area and damaged the window panes of a few buses. But a large posse of police were deployed in the area and the situation was brought under control. Moreover, the police arrested one of the four accused. On Tuesday, one accused in this case surrendered in the Nagapattinam court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17123687", "title": "Biogas units to ease Belgaum\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s garbage load", "text": "BELGAUM: Taking lessons from Bangalore's garbage mess, Belgaum City Corporation (BCC) is planning to set up biogas units across the city. It is also mulling a move on making biogas units mandatory in all apartments, marriage halls, hotels and other such buildings. With Belgaum also facing landfill problems, the corporation wants to pre-empt any future garbage crisis by minimizing the load of solid waste transported to landfills. \"Keeping in mind the garbage issues in Bangalore, we came up with this decision. It is a better option, as we cannot keep transporting huge quantities of garbage.For setting up per kg biogas unit it may cost Rs 8,000 to Rs 10,000. In days to come, the city should be free from landfills,\" said BCC commissioner Priyanka Mary Francis. She also mentioned that by setting up of biogas units on their premises, the dependence on LPG would come down.According to corporation officials, the city currently generates 150 metric tonnes of garbage everyday. Hotels, apartments, marriage halls and other such venues generate half of that waste. Reason why the corporation wants to ensure that these buildings set up biogas units. If the plan comes into force, the corporation can cut down on transportation costs and reduce its dependence on landfills or scout for new dumping grounds. This will also reduce pressure on existing landfills and will also rake in profits for the operators of the biogas units. The corporation has offered to provide technical assistance in setting up of biogas units. It is also planning to conduct workshops on setting up the units and educate the public on its technical aspects. Hotel owners and others have lauded this step. \"It's a very good initiative from the corporation.If they are converting waste into energy then it's a very good move,\" said DB Sadhwani, general manager, Hotel Adarsha Palace. Approximately, nearly 90 kg of waste is collected from the hotel daily, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17121944", "title": "On his first trip abroad, Salman Khurshid puts up good show", "text": "NEW DELHI: In his first visit abroad as the foreign minister \u00e2\u20ac\u201d for the Asia Europe meeting in Laos \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Salman Khurshid combined aggression with caution in handling festering disputes with European countries like Italy and Denmark. With Italian PM Mario Monti seeking a meeting with him to convey his disappointment over the case of Italian marines, Khurshid assured him that Indian judiciary is free and fair.Khurshid did most of the talking with Danish PM Helle Thorning-Schmidt as he took up the Kim Davy issue and also got an assurance from the Danish side about further techno-legal examination of the case.\"Italian Prime Minister requested for a brief interaction with foreign minister on the margins of ASEM Summit. On the issue of two Italian Marines, foreign minister mentioned that a decision is awaited from the Indian Courts and that Indian judiciary is fair, free and reasonable,\" said an official.The Danish PM assured India that it would undertake a techno-legal examination in the case of Purulia arms drop accused Davy, and initiate discussions for his extradition on that basis. \"During the meeting, the Danish PM recognized that the developments regarding extradition of Davy to India needed to be addressed,\" an official source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17121817", "title": "Good tidings for big cats, elephants at zoo", "text": "HYDERABAD: From a peafowl to an elephant, the Hyderabadis have begun to show more love for them all.More number of individuals and institutions are coming forward to adopt birds and animals at the Nehru Zoological Park which has been struggling hard to keep its inmates well-fed and healthy. According to zoo curator A Shankaran, a Gulf-based NRI has adopted an elephant and donated Rs 5 lakh for its upkeep for one year. \"This is the third year that the Hyderabadi NRI has adopted the same male elephant named Vijay. The NRI, who is working in a senior position with an MNC in the Gulf, preferred anonymity. \"I am doing it for the love of the animal, so let us keep it that way,\" he said.There are five elephants in the zoo. Each needs Rs 5 lakh for its sustenance for one year, the highest for any animal. A giraffe also needs similar amount, said a zoo official. The NRI is not alone in seeking anonymity for his philanthropy. There are at least two institutions\u00e2\u20ac\u201done that imparts education and the other that deals in healthcare\u00e2\u20ac\u201dwhich have adopted animals at the zoo but at the same time wanted to remain anonymous. The technical education institution adopted a lion, jaguar, leopard, giraffe and chimpanzee. The health care firm, on the other hand, went for the big cat Cheetah. It has adopted all the three Cheetahs which have been brought from Czechoslovakia.While Nasr School students have decided to adopt a Bengal tiger for a whole year, Glendale Academy has paid for the upkeep of a white tiger for six months. \"The students in the two institutions have organised events, conducted competitions and made donations before asking their managements to adopt the animals. We took it as a special gesture because the students have demonstrated how much they love the animals that are declared as endangered species,\" Shankaran said. Earlier, the State Bank of Hyderabad had adopted 15 tigers for an expenditure of Rs 15 lakh for a year. The animal adoption scheme was introduced in 2008 but it this year that there has been 19 adoptions costing about Rs 50 lakh, the highest in a year so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17124116", "title": "Churchill resurfaces, so does Mopa airport issue", "text": "MARGAO: Moving away from the controversial mining issue, former PWD minister Churchill Alemao resurfaced on Tuesday in Margao to address mediapersons over the proposed Mopa airport issue.He explained how the airport seeing the light of day would lead to a \"great loss to the tourism industry\" but denied raking up the issue in the backdrop of speculations that he has plans to contest the Lok Sabha (LS) election.When it was pointed out that he had raised the airport issue when he was contesting on a Save Goa Front (SGF) party ticket and again in the run up to the Cortalim by-election, Alemao dismissed the connection between the two.\"Why am I bringing up this issue now? I have always brought up this issue and have been fighting it for so long. I felt that the issue had been forgotten lately and it was important to raise it again before it's too late,\" Alemao said, reacting angrily to charges that he could be viewed as being an opportunist.Stating that he was raising the issue in \"public interest\", Alemao said, \"After mining, tourism is the biggest industry in Goa. Dabolim airport occupies a central location and stakeholders like taxi operators and hotels benefit from this. If it is allowed to shut down, it will cause a massive loss to the tourism industry.\"When asked to explain his silence on these matters when he was in power, Alemao said he had voiced his opposition to the erstwhile Congress government's plans to go ahead with the Mopa airport and the illegal mining issue.Here he took the opportunity to repeat his rhetoric against former chief minister Digambar Kamat for \"colluding with the new Navelim MLA\" and said that the \"people had elected him to power, but he lost due to manipulations in the EVM machines\".While not directly admitting to his plans to contest the LS election from South Goa, Alemao simply reiterated his stance that if the people wanted him to contest he would, and that there was still a lot of time for deliberation.Going back to the Mopa airport issue, Alemao demanded that the government clarifies its stance and gets a clarification from the central aviation ministry regarding the future of Dabolim airport.Alemao also questioned the chief minister's decision to stop work on the Benaulim-Sinquetim bridge, which he said was perhaps due to the CM succumbing to political pressure. He added that the construction of the bridge had been cleared by all the departments, even the legal department, and if the matter was to be take up in court, he would stand vindicated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17122171", "title": "Residential bldgs to get more parking space", "text": "CHENNAI: Seeking to put an end to parking woes in high-rise buildings, the state government has permitted construction of three floors of car parking above the ground level in residential and commercial buildings. Only buildings housing information technology (IT) companies were given such leeway till now. Residential and commercial buildings that needed additional covered car parking space had to construct stand-alone multi-level parking facilities.TOI had earlier reported that the Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority (CMDA), after obtaining the consent of the monitoring committee, sent a proposal to the government in May to relax car parking norms for low-rise (ground plus three floors or stilt plus four floors) and high-rise buildings. On October 26, the government passed an order accepting the CMDA's recommendations.Now, builders can create car parking slots in stilt and three floors above it. More importantly, this space will not eat into the permissible floor space index. Apart from an added cost for car parking, which most builders were charging even for open car parking slots, the changed norms will not drive up apartment prices, analysts feel.Builders, however, will have to properly mark parking slots and provide adequate access, aisles, driveways and ramps for easy maneuvering. Parking floors should not be enclosed by walls and should have natural ventilation and lighting. The parapets or protector frame should not exceed 1.2 metres in height. Even if lifts are provided for vehicles, there should be at least one vehicular ramp.To prevent unauthorised conversion of car parking space for other purposes, the promoter or the land owner should register an agreement on 100 stamp paper to permit the CMDA to take control of the space in case of deviation. This charge will be reflected in all sale deeds registered in favour of customers who buy apartments or commercial space from a promoter.Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Association of India Chennai chapter president Sandeep Mehta told media on Tuesday the order had come as a relief at a time when more vehicles were coming on to the roads.Till now, builders were forced to create car parking in the basement and stilt. \"Basement car parking is not economically viable,\" said Mehta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "ulhasnagar", "code": "17122165", "title": "Family gets Rs 3L power shocker", "text": "ULHASNAGAR: An Ulhasnagar family, living in a 100 sq ft house, got a shock after it received an electricity bill of over Rs 3 lakh from the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited (MSEDCL) for power usage of three months.In his house, Naresh Tak, a labourer who resides at Forward Line in Ulhasnagar 3, has a tube light, two ceiling fans, and one television. Tak claims he got a bill of Rs 3,06,360 in November after a gap of two months. The bill showed arrears of Rs 3,05,424 for September and October.According to Tak, till 18 months ago, he used to receive bills in the range of Rs 300-Rs 500. \"Now, the bills range from Rs 900 to 1,600 per month,\" said Tak, adding that he had approached the local MSEDCL office with a request to check his \"faulty\" meter. \"However, so far, no one has come to address my complaint,\" he said.In August, Tak made his last electricity bill payment of Rs 1,800 for July. Thereafter, he couldn't pay bills for three months as he incurred added expenses due to his brother's illness. Then, on November 3, came the inflated bill. \"MSEDCL charged Rs 900 for October and Rs 3,05,424 for August and September,\" he said.When he approached MSEDCL in Ulhasnagar, they checked the electric meter and deducted Rs 1,58,466 from the bill and asked him to pay Rs 1,47,890.\"I live in a small house and my usage is very low,\" said Tak, adding that he has decided to not pay the extra money as it hasn't been able to give him a proper bill as per consumption.MSEDCL public relations officer Bharat Pawar said, \"Our department will check the electricity meter. Sometimes, due to a technical fault, consumers may get such bills. Once we verify and establish that the consumer has been overcharged, we will issue the fresh corrected bill.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17124267", "title": "Garbage clog nullahs, haven for vectors", "text": "NAGPUR: The nullahs in many residential localities are getting clogged as garbage is being dumped in them. Many of these nullahs are becoming shallow because of the accumulating filth, such that sewage water tends to overflow. The decaying garbage also emanates foul smell. These nullahs have become a haven for the mosquitoes.An example that aptly highlights the situation is the nullah that starts from Telangkhedi lake and passes through Ravi Nagar, Civil Lines, Giripeth etc. The depth of the nullah has got reduced at many places. This has led to obstruction in the flow of sewage water. As a result of this, people residing in the surrounding areas are living in fear of contracting vector-borne diseases like dengue.Sources said that every year NMC spends lakhs of rupees in the name of dredging and cleaning of the nullahs, but the authorities are not taking action against those who dump garbage in the same. Team TOI too spotted large amount of garbage in the nullah near Dada Dham temple in Ravi Nagar.Residents said that this situation has arisen due to the irregularity of the private firm, Kanak Resources Management Limited, who has been entrusted with garbage removal. \"We have to wait for at least two to three days for their workers to come and collect garbage,\" miffed residents. Left with no option, many of the residents, especially shops on Amravati road dump garbage into the nullah.The pungent smell emanating from the nullah has made life a living hell for the residents residing on the bank of the nullah. NMC should clean the nullah, as it is full of silt and garbage, demanded the residents. They said that the situation has become so severe due to the negligence of the concerned authorities.Other nullahs in the city too share a similar fate. The city has 230 nullahs including three majors ones like the Nag, Pilli and Chambar, measuring about hundreds of kilometre. These are maintained by NMC's sanitary department.\"Though the civic body de-silts all major and minor nullahs before every monsoon, these get clogged soon after as residents dump garbage in them,\" explained deputy director (health), NMC Dr Milind Gavir.\"Citizens should not throw garbage, especially plastic bags, into the nullahs. These plastic bags clog the nullahs. Despite repeated appeals, people keep dumping garbage into nullahs and that too soon after the desilting work is done,\" he said. \"We also penalized citizens between Rs100 and Rs5,000 for throwing garbage,\" Dr Ganvir said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "17123332", "title": "Drive to curb crime against women to be launched from Jhajjar", "text": "ROHTAK: In its campaign to fight crime against women, Gramin Mahila Vikas Samiti, an NGO, will rope in the notorious khap panchayats of Haryana to help out various organizations involved in it.A decision to this effect was take by Gramin Mahila Vikas Samiti, an NGO, in a meeting with National Commission for Women chairperson Mamta Sharma in New Delhi on Tuesday. The campaign will be launched from Jhajjar district within a fortnight.Female foeticide, rapes, domestic violence, dowry and participation of women in decision-making process would be discussed in villages of the state during the campaign, said Sunita Dahiya, the NGO head. Prominent khap panchayats leaders will also remain present during these camps and exhort people to get rid of the dowry system, which is mainly responsible for female feoticide in Haryana, she added.Khap leader and Dhankar Sabha president Om Prakash Dhankar said khap leaders will attend camps in their areas and speak up against rapes and female feoticide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17122993", "title": "2 arrested for assault", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two people have been arrested for attacking a woman when she resisted a robbery attempt at the New Delhi railway station. The accused, Harvinder (27) and Parvinder (28) had slashed the face of the 19-year-old woman when she resisted their attempt to snatch her bag.The duo had come to the station to meet one of their friends , said S B S Tyagi, DCP (crime and railways). \"Both were in an inebriated state. When they saw the girl standing alone on the platform, they surrounded her and tried to snatch her bag. When she resisted, the accused attacked her with a blade. The girl screamed, attracting the attention of other passengers. They called up the GRP and we nabbed the accused with the help of other passengers,\" added Tyagi.According to additional DCP (railways) Sanjay Bhatia, Harvinder is a known criminal of Paharganj area. \"He is wanted in at least three other cases including an attempt to murder case,\" said Bhatia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "17121180", "title": "Hemant Soren urges BJP to keep word", "text": "DHANBAD: The BJP-led government in Jharkhand seems to be in trouble with the JMM, a partner in the ruling alliance, demanding replacement of chief minister Arjun Munda to implement the agreement reached between party supremo Shibu Soren and the BJP central leadership.Deputy CM Hemant Soren, who was in the town, said Guruji (Shibu) must be right as the agreement was, indeed, reached between his father and the BJP central leaders. Under the circumstances, other JMM leaders cannot question Guruji's decision, he said.Guruji had claimed that a power-sharing agreement was reached between him and BJP national president Nitin Gadkari wherein the latter had agreed to allow the JMM to lead the government after Arjun Munda completed 28 months in office as CM.Revenue minister Mathura Prasad Mahto and Hemant Soren on Tuesday to address a party workers' meet at the Town Hall.Sudesh Mahto, the other deputy CM and leader of All Jharkhand Students' Union (AJSU), is also touring different parts of the state to address AJSU workers, while the chief minister is touring South Chhotanagpur districts to strengthen his party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17122373", "title": "5L set-top boxes sold in city in last 8 days", "text": "MUMBAI: TV digitalization has led to the sale of around 5 lakh set-top boxes (STBs) within the last 8-10 days. And now, multimedia system operators (MSOs) are going slow on charging consumers according to the bouquet of channels.The MSOs will package different TV channels in the form of bouquets only after Diwali. This means that this month over 16 lakh viewers in the city will have a large number of channels available on their small screens at nominal rates.Amid heavy competition among STB and direct-to-home (DTH) operators and huge stock of STBs flowing in, consumers appear to be the king in areas where the competition is fierce. But in areas where a single operator dominates, consumers wanting to buy STBs are being allegedly overcharged besides facing delays in installing STBs, reveal consumers. Also, some areas are allegedly getting pirated analog signals where STBs are yet to be fitted.\"Mumbai has got 4 to 5 lakh STBs fitted in different homes within just eight days ahead of the October 31 deadline,\" said Ashok Mansukhani, president of the MSOs' alliance.However, Anil Parab, president of cable operators and distributors association, said the huge purchase of STBs in the last eight days showed that the total number of digitalized TV connections given by the government and MSOs was wrong. \"Their claim of over 94% digitalization was hollow,\" he said.\"Since these are early days of digitalization, the MSOs have decided to go slow and most are showing 330 to 400 channels. This is because the subscriber should not miss what he was getting before and should in fact get more. However, the viewer will get channels as per his choice once the packages are finalized by Diwali-end,\" said Mansukhani.MSOs and sources in the information and broadcasting ministry in New Delhi said the demand for STBs in Mumbai had been compiled with the new stock flowing in. This, they said, has ultimately brought down the intensity of resentment brewing among consumers and local cable operators after analog signals were switched off from November 1.MSOs say consumers can contact them on their numbers for any complaint about STBs or signals. Meanwhile, Parab maintained that in case consumers missed channels during Diwali, as analog signals had been switched off, and got angry with the cable operators, then the government should protect them as there is still a huge STB demand in Mumbai.\"There is also no transparent sharing of revenue among LCOs, MSOs and government, besides lack of transparency in monthly subscription fees for consumers,\" he added, refuting allegations of consumers that LCOs were overcharging them against STB fittings.When asked about pirated analog signals in city, government sources in Delhi said there could be very few operators showing pirated analog signal in certain areas which will be detected and the culprits will be penalized as per the law. , however refusing to give any extension to the digitalisation deadline.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17124309", "title": "Minor reshuffle in forest dept", "text": "NAGPUR: In a minor reshuffle, five senior IFS officials, including chief general manager (CGM) of Forest Development Corporation of Maharashtra (FDCM) who exposed several irregularities, were shifted on Monday evening.Among those who have been shifted include FDCM's CGM Ashok Sharma. Sharma took FDCM administration with a storm by exposing several irregularities in his year-long tenure. Now Sharma has been posted as additional principal chief conservator of forests (APCCF) for resource utilization with the forest department. He will replace Devendra Kumar who will be new APCCF for conservation in place of Krishna Mohan who retired in September.Similarly, ASK Sinha, who was APCCF for working plan, will replace Sharma at FDCM. Chief conservator of forests (CCF) M Karunakaran has been promoted and posted in place of Sinha as APCCF working plan.Sources said Suresh Gehrola will be the new APCCF and nodal officer at Van Bhavan. The post was lying vacant after Sarvesh Kumar took over as managing director of FDCM on November 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17124642", "title": "NMC draws ire over false info on job vacancies", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has invited the ire of the National Commission on Safai Karmachari (NCSK) and a former corporator for allegedly providing incorrect information about vacancies in the sanitation department.A member of the NCSK, Swaraj Jeevan, warned against incorrect information being fed to him over vacancies and contract jobs undertaken by civic bodies, especially referring to the NMC deputy commissioner, who had said that there were no vacancies and no contractors in the sanitation department.\"The officials said one thing and the information gathered by us indicates something else. We will probe the issue deeper,\" Jeevan said. Echoing his sentiments, former NCP corporator Pratap Mehroliya said that the NMC on the one hand had failed to recruit people to vacant posts in the sanitation department , and on the other hand handed over jobs on a contract basis through the ghantagadi system. He added that the government resolution (GR) in the year 2000 to recruit 2,366 employees had still not been honoured by corporation. despite the general body approving the same.\"The heirs of retired or medically unfit employees, who have been awarded jobs were done so on a fixed pay basis and not on permanent basis, even after the general body recommending it,\" Mehroliya said.The former corporator also took a dig at the NMC deputy commissioner, Deepak Kasar, for not maintaining transparency on the issue of the no contractual employment in the sanitation department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17122168", "title": "L&T; cuts down on assets, sells Mount Road property for Rs 88 crore", "text": "CHENNAI: Engineering and construction giant, Larsen &amp; Toubro, has agreed to sell its Club House Road property, off Mount Road, to Tablets India for nearly 88 crore. The transaction values land at nearly 4.6 crore a ground (1 ground is 2,400 sqft).Interestingly, the price is about 2 crore per ground less than a recent real estate transaction on upmarket Kothari Road in Nungambakkam, where tractor major APC Tractor, a part of TAFE, bought about six grounds from Institute for Financial Management and Research for 40.31 crore.L&T;'s decision to sell its erstwhile regional headquarters is part of its move to rationalise its real estate holdings. The property spanned across nearly 19 grounds and also had a building of nearly 70,000 square feet.\"L&T; operations are now centered around Manapakkam (where ECC's headquarters is located) and beyond on that highway. They decided to sell this land and Tablets India is purchasing it to set up its corporate office in the city,\" a source said.L&T; sources said the group was exploring various aspects of commercial development of the property, which includes a potential sale.Tablets India is part of the Jhaver group and is a manufacturer of various types of pharmaceutical formulations. The therapeutic range which Tablets India deals with includes nutritional supplements, haematinics, hepatoprotectives and novel antipyretic, among others.The Club House Road property is located in the city's central business district and opposite luxury hotel Taj Club House. \"Location of the property is fantastic as it is also aligned to the upcoming metro, making it ideal for office space,\" a person involved in the deal said.A realtor commented, \"It is a cheap buy. At that price, you cannot dream of getting space on or off Mount Road.\"Location of the property is fantastic as it is also aligned to the upcoming metro, making it ideal for office space person involved in the deal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17123141", "title": "A touch of Japanese in Kathakali", "text": "KOCHI: Next time you watch kathakali depiction of the Pandavas' plight after losing Draupadi in a game of dice, you will get to hear Duryodhana cry out loud, \"Fecchi (fetch) Draupadi.\" Kathakali is set to get a Japanese voice, with a touch of Kabuki, a traditional Japanese popular drama. And if one wonders why should the traditionally-rich kathakali get a Japanese tad, the reason lies in the similarities between the two.Stylised gestures, symbolic and exaggerated movements of body parts, colourful and dazzling costumes, elegantly designed wigs and make-ups and refined body movements are some of the common heritage of these classical art forms of Kerala and Japan. Just like kathakali, the presence of the male actors brilliantly presenting women characters is a specialty of kabuki.\"Dance and art forms don't have any barriers. I am working on a fusion of kabuki and kathakali, as both have a surrealistic feel. I will not change the structure of either but will introduce kabuki to bring in dialogues so that audience can connect with characters and it will have more impact,\" said director of Cochin Cultural Centre Sarath Kumar Nedungadi. He had recently been to Japan to study kabuki and is coordinating with kabuki artists to recreate the story of Mahabharata on stage. by combining kathakali and kabuki.\"Mahabharata is a global subject and it has significance in everyday life. I am trying to create a fusion not for any commercial reasons but due to an artistic desire to evolve the dance form further,and evolution is an on-going process\" said Nedungadi.A fusion of rich emotive expression of Indian classical dance with intricate movements of western classical dance is something that has been adopted by Westerners. It is no wonder that the number of artists coming from Europe, America, Brazil, Portugal, Switzerland, Austria, Italy, England, Australia, Mexico, Japan, Canada and Korea to learn kathakali have increased over the years. \"Foreign theatre artists mainly come to Kerala to learn various nuances of Kathakali. such as its costume, expression, body and eye movement and make-up.They then use them in their art forms that give dance and theatre a global appeal. We should also combine kathakali with other art forms to take it to a global platform by ensuring that we never leave its structure,\" said Kalamandalam John.His exposure to several western dance forms inspired him to start exploring the common traits between them and kathakali and create a new fusion variety. Recently, he created a fusion of kathakali and Italian art form. Comedia dell'arte, to present an innocent boys story through expressions and traditional instruments.However, Kerala Kalamandalam vice-chancellor Dr PN Suresh believes that such a fusion is not good as kathakali will lose its gravity and essence .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17121698", "title": "BJP's Gadkari woes offer respite to Congress", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress is relishing BJP's implosion over its president, thrilled to bits that the opposition's internal fire had pushed its misery on corruption out of the headlines while acknowledging that victory in Himachal Pradesh was a must to regain realistic momentum.The fratricidal debate in the saffron camp whether Nitin Gadkari should remain party chief was another day in the last fortnight when Congress managed to stay in the clear. If India Against Corruption's charges over Reliance could have undermined the party, it found relief in BJP standing as co-accused in benefitting the corporate.Gadkari's continuation as BJP chief following the expose on his questionable business practices and consequent revolt in the saffron camp has raised hopes in the beleaguered Congress.Congressmen feel the ground over graft was leveling out with even IAC bracketing the mainstream parties in the dock by its Gadkari expose and accusing NDA and UPA alike in benefitting Reliance Industries Ltd. So much so that BJP has begun to shun the Kejriwal group after courting it for months.The expose on Gadkari's business became a media circus because of the depth of alleged rot in shareholding pattern, serious enough for charges of Haryana's sweetheart land deals to Robert Vadra and corporate hand in Congress ejecting Jaipal Reddy as petroleum minister fading into the background.A party leader said, \"It will be difficult for BJP to regain the high ground on graft unless another big scam tumbles out of the UPA closet.\"Sunday's rally at Ramlila Maidan showed the newfound optimism in Congress with party chief Sonia Gandhi telling the party cadre that \"there was no need to evade eye contact with rivals\".AICC managers, however, think the change in atmospherics would turn into real momentum only if it wins Himachal.The party expects to benefit from lowered expectations in Gujarat that would help it to inflate the gain in the hill state. But a defeat would puncture the new-found positivity. \"What we need is election victories that have almost dried up,\" a leader said.The issue of corruption seems to have come full circle after one year when Congress was pushed on the back foot by BJP and civil society. Anna Hazare's protest over Lokpal and a string of scams sent the ruling party into a spiral which even reflected in its poor poll performances - it failed to dislodge ruling BJP in Punjab, barely scraped through in BJP-ruled Uttarakhand while losing in Goa and UP.After a comatose three years, Congress has set its focus on setting the house right for the next polls. The Cabinet reshuffle and prolonged debate on Rahul Gandhi's ascension is aimed at giving it an advantage among the youth, a strategy to be capped by the Amethi MP's elevation in the party hierarchy.The Congress has planned a blitzkrieg to rev up the demoralized party machinery. While Sunday's rally was aimed in that direction, it will hold a policy-strategy brainstorming with \"sanvad baithak\" on Friday while a \"chintan shivir\" is scheduled for January. Rahul is expected to take up intense touring after the AICC reshuffle expected anytime now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "haldia", "code": "17122832", "title": "Haldia blame on Centre", "text": "HALDIA: Industries minister Partha Chatterjee, who is on a desperate damage-control mission after the exit of Haldia Bulk Terminals, on Tuesday fell back upon the oft-tried tactic of blaming the Centre in a crisis.He accused the UPA government of blocking the flow of investment into Haldia by declaring it a prohibited zone on environmental grounds. \"The state will take the Centre to court unless Haldia is taken off the list of prohibited zones for industrial development,\" he said.The warning came at a press conference the minister addressed in Haldia after meeting with representatives of chambers of commerce, top executives of key industries in Haldia and senior officials of the port to discuss the Haldia industrial fair scheduled for January.Chatterjee tried hard to explain that it was not a damage control exercise. \"It is absolutely unnecessary to drag on about HBT's exit as it is hardly significant. It is far more important to focus on investment worth several thousand crores of rupees in the pipeline for Haldia,\" the minister said.Among the projects held up because of environmental laws are extension projects of HPL, Mitsubishi and Indian Oil Corporation , Syna Steel, Haldia Energy and IPCL - a combined investment of Rs 4,000 crore. The Prasoon Mukherjee Group plans an eco-friendly power plant at Nayachar.The environment ministry had declared the town an industrially prohibited zone in December 2009, effectively banning any new industries in Haldia. \"Experts from IIT Kharagpur have said that pollution in Haldia has significantly declined over the past three years,\" he said.Chief minister Mamata Banerjee will inaugurate the Haldia industrial fair in early January and also lay the foundation for an IT hub and a hardware park in Haldia, said Chatterjee.. When the Trinamool was in the UPA, I and our environment minister made several pleas to the centre to take Haldia off the zone. I have also requested all industries already in Haldia to also send similar appeals to the centre,\" he said.Local M.P. Haldia Development Authority chairman Subhendu Adhikary said industrial infrastructure is being development in Haldia at a fast pace to make way for investment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "tel aviv", "code": "17120781", "title": "India and Israel release stamps to mark 20 years of ties", "text": "TEL AVIV: India and Israel have released a set of postal stamps depicting their respective festival of lights, Diwali and Hannukah, to commemorate 20 years of diplomatic relations between the two countries.The stamps were unveiled by secretary and director general of India Post, Manjula Prasher, India's new envoy to Israel, Jaideep Sarkar, and chairman of Israel Postal Company, Sasi Shilo in presence of other officials from both sides.Sarkar called upon to promote close people to people contact among the two countries to foster experience of mutual goodwill and friendship among them.\"In India we have a great respect for the Jewish faith, as we have for all other faiths. Today the release of the joint postal stamp not only celebrates a milestone in our diplomatic relations but also a common structural tradition, the festival of lights....both festivals celebrating the victory of good over evil\", Sarkar said addressing India enthusiasts gathered to attend the ceremony.The Indian stamp shows a row of traditional earthen lamps, diyas, representing Diwali and the Israeli stamp features a menorah with the word \"Zion\" inscribed inside a Magen David star.Hanukkah, is an eight-day Jewish holiday commemorating the rededication of the Holy Temple in Jerusalem in the 2nd century BC. The Babylon Talmud describes how the Maccabees found only a little pure oil, enough to light the Temple menorah for a single day.A miracle occurred and this oil lasted for eight days, by which time more oil was prepared, it goes on to say.\"Over a period of time, stamps, a piece of paper, have gained a lot of significance. It not only denotes a country's sovereignty but also becomes a means to commemorate important events like this one\", Prasher said, stressing on the significance of joint stamp release.Hanukkah, like Deepavali, celebrates the triumph of good over evil and the victory of justice over injustice.Emphasising on the deepening Indo-Israel ties, Shilo called upon the postal services of both the countries to also cooperate in order to meet the new challenges posed by technological advancements.\"Issuing joint stamps symbolises the culture, cooperation and friendship shared between people and nation\", he said, touching upon the special bonding between Indians and Israelis.These limited edition stamps have been designed by Indian artist, Alka Sharma, and Israeli artist, Ronen Goldberg.They will be available in Israel from today and released in India in about two weeks.The menorah featured on the stamp was inspired by the wooden menorah used by the Jewish community in Bombay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17123072", "title": "College principal in casteist slur net", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The principal of Rajendra College in Balangir has landed in a controversy after allegedly making casteist remarks against a sweeper of the college. Based on the latter's complaint, police have registered a case of SC/ST atrocity against Rajlakshmi Mishra, the principal.The sweeper, Debraj Barik, alleged that when he had touched an idol of Ganesh during a puja at the college last month, the principal asked teachers to sanctify the idol before installing it for puja. \"I am extremely disturbed with the whole incident. I have never been insulted for my caste in my long tenure at the college. When I raised objection to the principal's action, I was put under suspension,\" Barik alleged. He said after he lodged a case against the principal on the advice of his colleagues, Mishra tried to force him to withdraw the complaint.IIC-Town police station Srimanta Barik said, \"We have registered a case after receiving a complaint from Barik. He complained that he was looked down upon by the head of the institution and was not allowed to work.\"Mishra, on the other hand, rubbished the charges saying some college staff had been conspiring against her and had instigated the sweeper to file the case. \"The allegation is absolutely baseless. I never insulted him raising any caste issue. He was not doing his duty properly, for which he was suspended,\" the principal clarified. The sweeper also misbehaved with a senior professor of the college, she alleged.Meanwhile, protesting against the principal's action, the All India Mulnivasi Bahujan Samaj (AIMBS), an outfit fighting against atrocities against scheduled caste people, staged a demonstration in front of the college on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17121518", "title": "Denizens prefer electronics over gold this festive season", "text": "HYDERABAD: Not just gold but latest gadgets and gizmos are topping the wish lists of Hyderabadis this festive season with shoppers thronging electronics stores across the city and officials predicting a considerable jump in sales before Diwali. Sales during the Diwali period rise every year, and this season LED TVs are ruling the market, contributing around 80% of the total business, store officials say.\"We are expecting a business of Rs 2 crore on Dhanteras itself. This is the busiest time of the year for us as footfall doubles on the days leading to the main festival,\" says K M Krishna Rao, deputy manager at Tirumala Music Centre at Begumpet, adding that they will be extending the store timings and remain open till about midnight on Dhanteras.With prices of gold increasing lately, Hyderabadis say electronic goods were a better bet for them. \"My family is not buying jewellery this year due to high prices, but we are opting for electronic goods. This year we are going to buy a 42-inch LED TV on Dhanteras,\" said Harpreet Kaur, a resident of Masab Tank. Last week, the prices of gold soared to a high of Rs 3,150 per gram, fuelling fears that businesses could slip by a good 50-60%, days before Diwali.So across Hyderabad, electronics stores are trying to woo former gold loyalists with attractive decorations and bumper discounts on items. Some are even giving away cars and apartments as grand prizes for bumper lucky draws. Officials from various stores revealed that around Rs 2 to 3 lakhs were spent on the decorations and lighting this year. One particular store has even planned to have drummers playing the traditional dhol live at the store to add to the Diwali spirit.For companies manufacturing electronics too, this is an extremely crucial period as it gives them a chance to catch up with their competitors and surpass previous year's sales figures. \"Sales had risen to thrice the normal figures last year and we are expecting even better business this weekend onwards to November 20. The market has been sluggish for the past couple of months, so every company is actually banking heavily on Diwali to make up for the business lost,\" said Nabendu Bhattacharjee, regional manager at LG Electronics said.Last year, the company had managed to rake in around Rs 230 crore in Andhra Pradesh during the festive period. This year the projected figure is around Rs 250 crore. Bhattacharjee added, \"The sales of 3D panel TVs have seen a nearly 300% jump over the past year. The dual-door refrigerators, front-load washing machines and microwave ovens too are enjoying great demand.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17123188", "title": "Students felicitated", "text": "LUDHIANA: Students of Doraha Institute of Management and Technology (DIMT) were felicitated for their performances in various inter-college events on Tuesday. Those who had won prizes in cultural, literary, sports and technical contests organized at different places were given certificates. They included participants of university youth festival and members of college cricket team. Besides, students who have been participating in various inter-class activities, including corporate project presentations, word building, communication skills, quiz contests, social service activities, fine arts and cultural functions, were also recognized.Participation in various activities is as important as academic excellence, said professor Harpreet Singh , DIMT principal, while congratulating the winners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17123691", "title": "Dengue-hunting BBMP marks homes dengue positive", "text": "BANGALORE: Dengue looms large over the city. And its impact is visible on hundreds of households which bear a D+ ( dengue positive) stamp. It's part of the BBMP health authorities ' drive to check the spread of the dreaded disease.A BBMP survey under way identified 12,756 of 3,67,797 homes as mosquitobreeding centres. There are about 16 lakh properties in BBMP limits.Ayesha Begum, a Class IX student, whose house in Bamboo Bazaar was branded D+ four days ago, told TOI: \"BBMP officials inspected the surroundings of my house and put the stamp. They told me not to store water in open buckets and tanks. But no one in my house has had denguelike fever.\"Dr Devaki Umesh, chief health officer, BBMP, said the survey was undertaken to identify houses/buildings where unhygienic conditions prevailed, facilitating breeding of dengue causing mosquitoes . She said the houses are being stamped to make follow-up action easy.When TOI visited East Bangalore where the BBMP has finished its dengue survey , we noticed that the marking has had hardly any impact on the hygiene in the residential localities. In Bharathinagar, five houses out of 5,300 houses were deemed to be breeding centres but they bore no D+ mark. \"The households may have erased the marking,\" said the health inspector.\"During the survey, we ask the household if any resident has had fever. We inspect the house to see if there are any fresh water tanks kept open. The terrace, backyard, frontyard , etc will be inspected. We even look for coconut shells kept open as these are perfect breeding sites,\" explained a BBMP nurse who is part of the survey.However, the D+ marks are visible only in East Zone. \"The instruction is to find mosquito-breeding centres and increase awareness among public. In South Bangalore , less than 5% areas have been found vulnerable. It's sporadic and restricted only to certain areas,\" said another BBMP medical officer.The survey began in early October and is slated to end later this month.EMPOWERED TO INSPECTCivic officials said the Karnataka Municipal Corporation Act gives them the right to inspect any premises in case of any notifiable disease.\"While surveying some apartments and residences, BBMP officials were questioned by people but on explaining the rationale of the survey, we didn't face any problem,\" said a health inspector.Dr Devaki Umesh, chief health officer, BBMP,said: \"BBMP officials can enter private properties in the larger interest of public health. Officials must show their identity cards during surveys. If anyone objects to official work, they can be prosecuted . Such surveys are being done in other metropolises too.\"She added: \"The only way to control the dengue menace is to reduce mosquito-breeding sources. The weather now is not favourable to conduct fogging. In this moist atmosphere , fogging affects not only human beings but grass and animals also.\"In one instance, the BBMP slapped a fine of Rs 50,000 on a builder near Chalukya Circle for keeping water tanks open.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17122920", "title": "Woman dies in Lal Kuan", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 40-year-old woman died in the Pul Prahladpur area of southeast Delhi after she got stuck between the boundary wall of her neighbour's house and a truck that was being driven by her husband. Whether she was hit by the truck or died of a heart attack resulting from shock is yet to be established. The woman suffered no external injuries, said cops.The woman, Zarina, and her husband, Afsar Ali, were returning to Pul Prahladpur from Badarpur in a truck filled with construction material. \"The duo had almost reached their house in Lal Kuan when Ali asked Zarina to climb down and help him negotiate a sharp turn. \"The woman was standing behind the truck when it moved onto a part of the road that was dug up. The road collapsed on the impact, causing the truck to swerve and tilt. Frightened, the woman began to shout and lost consciousness,\" said a senior police officer. Her postmortem report is awaited.In another accident, a scooterist, Gyan Singh, was smashed to death by a truck near the Pul Prahladpur depot on Monday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17122669", "title": "Father-son duo held for duping Rs 2.5 crore from Mumbai-based jeweller", "text": "JAIPUR: A team of Mumbai police has arrested a father-son duo from the Jawahar Nagar locality here for allegedly cheating a Mumbai-based jeweller of diamonds worth Rs 2.50 crore. The jeweller had asked duo to find a customer for the 23 pieces of diamonds he had sent in return for a hefty commission. The father and the son sold the diamonds but never send the money to the jeweller.Majority of the officers of the Jaipur police were clueless on the case until an eight-member team led by circle inspector Awinash Mandle reached Jawahar Nagar police station on Monday evening. The team showed the arrest warrant for the two persons identified as Shanti Lal Kabra (54) and his son Nikhil Kabra (32) and later arrested them.Divulging the details of the case, a senior officer of Mumbai police on Tuesday said, \"Shailesh Bhai Patel, a Mumbai-based jeweller had given a written application on September 17, 2012 stating that Shanti and Nikhil had cheated him of Rs 2.5 crore by selling off 23 pieces of diamond. Later, after an investigation on October 30, a case of cheating under appropriate sections of the IPC was lodged at DB Road police station in Mumbai.\"The officer added that the father-son duo was actually asked by the complainant to find out if these diamonds have a suitable buyer in Jaipur. \"But without informing him, they sell the diamonds,\" he added.The arrested duo was produced before a local court on Tuesday from where they were taken into police remand till November 10.Surendra Kumar, circle inspector, Jawahar Nagar, confirming the arrests, said, \"Yes, a team comprising eight members of Mumbai police came with a court warrant against the two persons. Both the accused were handed over to them on Monday evening.\"Mumbai police has recovered 10 pieces of the diamonds and were working on the recovery of the rest. They also lodged a case under sections 420 (cheating), 406 (punishment for criminal breach of trust), 504 (intentional insult with intent to provoke breach of peace), 34 (acts done by several persons in furtherance of common intention).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17122397", "title": "Spiderman modus operandi gave away robber-rapist", "text": "It's a Spiderman burglar - this realization by the teams set up to investigate the series of robberies and rape of a Spanish woman on upmarket Perry Cross Road in Bandra early on Monday proved crucial in the arrest of suspect Anwar Mohammed Ansari within 48 hours.Very early into the investigation, the police officers spotted the pattern: the robber-rapist had shinned up drain pipes of at least two buildings - the 4th floor flat of Neela D'Souza and the 3rd floor flat of the Spanish musician - in the course of one night. Immediately, the sleuths dusted the list of history-sheeters and focused on about a dozen thieves known for targeting home by climbing pipes.On Monday, the thief had first climbed to the first floor of a bungalow around 2am. A worker inside spotted him and shouted. The thief jumped from a height of around 15 ft and ran into the adjoining building. He shinned up a drain pipe to the 4th floor flat of D'Souza and stole Rs 5,000. Next, he climbed to the Spaniard's 3rd floor flat in another building nearby and raped her twice before fleeing with money and her camera.Ansari must have been pretty high on the sleuths' list, having been arrested only last week for robbing actor Dino Morea's first-floor residence, also in Bandra. It's a shame he had walked out on bail, thanks to the shoddy investigation by the police.On Monday afternoon, a police team picked up Ansari from his shanty on Reay Road. He was listening to music and acted nonchalantly as the police said they wanted to talk to him about some earlier cases. They began questioning him; the others of the Dirty Dozen were also being grilled, but there were no confessions.\"We found Ansari's replies suspicious. After a while he agreed to reveal the truth, but then changed his mind,\" said an investigating officer.Another team headed out to his house again and asked his family where he was on Sunday night. They told them he was not home. At this, they searched the house and found a purple shirt with a tear in it as described by the Spanish woman and the worker in the bungalow - the people who had seen the robber-rapist - and blue jeans.Till early Tuesday, Ansari had not given away much. So the police had to let him go, but kept him under surveillance. Meanwhile, the concerned persons identified the clothes and the cops, almost sure they had their man, arrested Ansari. They are grilling him to find out about the soiled night gown of the rape victim that he had taken away as it could prove crucial to nail him.Mumbai: The police focused their investigation on the spiderman thieves who climbs buildings to commit burglaries as the Bandra rapist adopted similar modus-operandi and it led them to the rape accused Anwar Ali Ansari alias Badshah.The police learnt that the rapist first climb on a first floor of a bungalow at posh area in Bandra (west) around 2 am on Monday. A servant noticed him and screamed at him after which Ansari jumped from the height of around 15 ft and entered into the building on left side of the bungalow. He climbed to 4th floor flat with the help of drainage pipe and stolen 79-year-old Neela D'souza valuable. He then jumped into bungalow's boundary and after crossing it he jumped in the building to its right. He climbed on the 3rd floor for the building and entered in from open window and raped the Spanish woman.The police started to collect the information of such thieves and soon they collected the information of around dozen of such thieves. Ansari's was already available with the police as they arrested him last week in a case where he jumped on first floor room of Dino Morea's bungalow at Bandra (west) and stolen his valuable. The police had arrested him in the case and he was released on bail within couple of days. The police started to pick all the spiderman thieves for the questioning.On Monday afternoon, a police team picked Ansari from his roadside slum residence at Reay Road. When police team visited his house he was listening music and the police team told him that they wanted to enquire him about his previous case. The police team took him and continued questioned him about the rape and same time they different teams were questioning other spiderman thieves about it separately. But no was confessing the crime. A police officer said, \"In between we found Ansari's reply suspicious and after a while he agreed to revel the truth but changed his mind.\"A police team was sent at Ansari house when they searched his house and found a full sleeve torn purple color shirt as describe by the victim from his house. After questioning his family members and friends the police learnt that Ansari was not at home on Sunday night. The police kept Ansari questioning till early Tuesday but he was not ready to confess his crime. The police allowed him to go and kept him under observation. The police showed the recovered clothes to the victim and witness who immediately identified it was accused clothes. The police again picked Ansari in for the questioning as they almost ensure that he was the rapist. The police interrogated him for the stolen valuable and victim's gown about which he told the police at Tuesday night after which the police arrested him in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17123096", "title": "Distance makes fees dearer at Utkal University", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: At Rs 12 to Rs 14 tuition fee a month, state universities offer education at a very nominal cost in the regular mode. However, when it comes to distance learning, Utkal University has been levying fees that is 10 times higher than the regular courses.Anyone doing MA degree in any state university in subjects such as history, Odia, political science, among others, spends around Rs 2,000 on course fee, tuition fee, admission and other related fees in two years. However, to get the same course in distance mode (not self-financing), one has to spend over Rs 18,000 in Utkal University. This is keeping economically-weaker sections from pursuing distance courses.Besides annual course fee of Rs 7,000 and examination fee of around Rs 1000, Utkal charges a corpus fee of around Rs 3,000 and soft skill development charge (SSDC) of Rs 1,500 to Rs 3,000 from distance learners. The corpus fee is not used for the students in any way while students said there are hardly any skill development initiatives such as communication or computer expertise programmes.Sambalpur University and Berhampur University don't charge these two fees; their course fees are marginally lesser. Utkal takes a course fee of Rs 50,000 for MBA compared to Rs 45,000 in Sambalpur. Taking into consideration Utkal's SSDC and corpus, a student in Utkal ends up paying Rs 61,000 compared to Rs 45,000 in Sambalpur for MBA in distance mode.For undergraduate courses, Utkal charges a course fee of Rs 12,000 to 15,000 for three years in distance mode compared to around Rs 800 to 1,000 fee levied by the government in the regular mode in state colleges. Though the government doesn't charge tuition fee from girls at the UG or PG level in regular mode, the varsities have no such relaxation for the fairer sex opting for distance learning.\"I joined BA in Utkal since I can't attend regular classes because of my work. But the fee is very high,\" said a DDCE student who works as siksha sahayak (teacher). A large chunk of UG students in Utkal DDCE are police constables, siksha sahayaks and hotel employees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17124404", "title": "Four killed in two road mishaps", "text": "NAGPUR: Two ghastly collisions claimed lives of four people, including a GRP constable, in the last 24 hours. On Monday night, three men died in a horrifying collision between two bikes on Vaishali Nagar cement road. Later, on Tuesday afternoon, a tractor ran over a woman after hitting a bike near Mahdibagh square. Both accidents took place in Pachpaoli police station jurisdiction.The first mishap occurred around 10.45 pm when two speeding bikes collided. One was driven by Ritesh Pillay (33), posted in summons duty at GRP, Itwari railway station, while 25-year-old Nitesh Yadav drove the other with his uncle Prashant Meshram riding pillion. All three were without helmet and died on suffering head injuries.Pillay was going home to Motibagh railway quarters and Yadav, a resident of Baba Buddha Nagar, was driving Meshram to latter's Kushi Nagar residence. Police have booked both riders as responsible for the mishap. According to eyewitnesses, the bikes collided at NIT square turning point. Both were driving at high speed and failed to see each other. Pillay and Yadav's head banged on their bikes while Meshram fell down and one of the bikes fell on him.The sound of the crash alerted others who informed the police. Two auto drivers Syed Khan and Ashfaq Abdul took the injured to Mayo hospital even before cops could reach. Khan said victims were breathing when brought to the hospital. However, they died late at night during treatment due to excessive bleeding. \"Pillay was declared dead around 1.15 am. Within an hour, Yadav and Meshram breathed their last,\" said police.Pillay leaves behind wife, Sapna and sons Rishi (3) and Binni (5). Yadav, who worked with a private company, got married just a year ago. Relatives said minutes before the accident took place, Yadav's wife, Vandana had called him to ask when was he reaching home.\"Yadav told her that he would be back in five minutes. After ten minutes, she received a call from police informing her of the accident,\" said a relative. Meshram is survived by wife Ranu and 5-year-old son Aryan.Another incident took place around 1 pm when a speeding tractor coming on wrong side of the road hit a motorbike carrying three people. In a bid to flee, the tractor driver crushed pillion rider Anu Rajat who had fallen down. Rajat, a mother of three, died on the spot while her relatives Kalaram Verma and his wife Basanti are battling for life at Mayo hospital.Police said Kalaram was driving the bike. The trio had gone to Daga hospital to meet their relative who had recently delivered a baby. The mishap took place a few minutes after they left the hospital and were heading home at Panchvati Nagar. The passers-by rushed them to Mayo hospital where Anu was declared brought dead.The tractor driver managed to flee, eyewitnesses noted down the tractor's number as MH 31 CV 6433. Cops are still hunting for the driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17121761", "title": "APSRTC to run 40 more Pushpak buses to airport", "text": "HYDERABAD: Andhra Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation (APSRTC) will operate 40 low-floor air-conditioned 'Pushpak' buses to Rajiv Gandhi International Airport (RGIA) from various destinations in the city from December 15.APSRTC vice-chairman and managing director AK Khan on Tuesday announced the decision to launch 40 Pushpak buses during his surprise visit to Jubilee Bus Station (JBS) in Secunderabad.Already, a few air-conditioned buses were being operated and these 40 buses would be in addition to the existing fleet to RGIA.In the next one year, the RTC would add another 500 buses to its fleet in the city. \"In districts too, the fleet capacity will be increased to 1, 500 buses,'' Khan said. With increasing number of complaints from woman passengers, APSRTC officials decided to take stern action by imposing a fine of Rs 500 on men who occupy seats reserved for ladies.During the recent Dasara festival, APSRTC had a windfall of Rs 180 crore, higher than previous year. There was no impact because of the recent hike in APSRTC fares since there was no fall in the occupancy ratio, he said. \"From this year, the budget for passenger amenities at bus stations will be increased from the existing Rs 12 crore to Rs 25 crores,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17124005", "title": "Remove encroachment from parking of building: HC", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court has asked the Ahmedabad municipal commissioner to expedite the process on a complaint against the alleged illegal sale of parking space in Sears Towers.Justice R M Chhaya directed the civic body to take a quick decision on the complaint filed by Parking Sufferer Group of the building.After witnessing a large scale sealing drive a couple of years ago in the city, the group had made an application before the municipal commissioner that Sears Towers, situated off the CG Road, had illegally allotted the slotted parking space to a couple of builders where they constructed their offices.This caused trouble for other members who could not find space to park their vehicles. The petitioners claimed that the building was constructed as a housing society, but it was converted into a commercial one.The petitioners also contended that the ground floor, which was earmarked as a parking space earlier, is being used as office premise by a couple of builders.This is against the bylaws and as per the Supreme Court's directions, the builder cannot sell parking space. They also alleged inaction on part of the municipal authorities.The petitioners sought HC direction to demolish the illegal construction put up by the builders. The court has asked AMC to act as per the law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "phagwara", "code": "17123593", "title": "Armed with elegance, baptized Kaurs sashay", "text": "PHAGWARA: It was unlike any other catwalk as eight Amritdhari (baptized) turbaned girls clad in their traditional best sashayed before a crowd of over 1000 at the Shan-e-Sikh Virasat show organized by Akal Students Federation on Sunday night.As they walked the ramp, their turbaned heads held high, carrying their kirpan (small sword) - one of the five Ks mandatory for a baptized Sikh - oozing confidence and pride, a roar of ''Sat Sri Akal'' (Sikh salutation and battle-cry) rent the night air.\"We wanted to convey how beautiful and elegant the Gursikh women are in their natural look. We also wanted to bring out that the Amritdhari girls can accept any challenge while sticking to their traditional attire,\" said Harsharan Kaur. She has recently completed MSc in computer science and has participated in three 'fashion shows' organized this year in Delhi, Haryana and Punjab and choreographed and anchored the one at Phagwara.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17121716", "title": "Bhunia seeks CBI inquiry into Haldia row", "text": "NEW DELHI: West Bengal Congress leader Manas Ranjan Bhunia met shipping minister G K Vasan on Tuesday and demanded that a CBI inquiry be set up into the Haldia port affair, where there was a \"law and order issue\" and hundreds of people were losing their jobs while the state government \"refused to take any positive action\".\"We want a CBI inquiry to find out what exactly has been happening in the docks,\" Bhunia said, adding, \"There are lots of unanswered questions and nobody knows what is going on.\"With Congress breaking away from Trinamool Congress and the two parties on the warpath against each other, Bhunia alleged that the Mamata Banerjee government had done little to help the situation and wondered why it continued with \"mysterious silence\" on the issue.\"Since the Haldia port, like other ports, is under the Centre's jurisdiction, we are here to ask the ministry to intervene in the matter as soon as possible,\" Bhunia said, adding that Vasan has assured that he will look into the matter.Describing the situation in the Haldia dock complex as \"abnormal and getting dangerous by the day\", Bhunia said, \"The Centre has been communicating with the state government for the past one-and-a-half months and warning against the situation worsening and even getting out of hands. But the state government simply did nothing and observed a mysterious silence on it.\"Bhunia cited letters written by the Union ministry to the state chief secretary as early as on September 24 and 26.The unrest in Haldia port is threatening to turn into a major political battle with the Left well entrenched in the area and the state Congress joining issue against the ruling TMC. Bengal Congress chief Pradip Bhattacharya has called a 'Haldia Chalo' move on November 20 to protest against the state government's apathy towards the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17124008", "title": "11 hurt in fire at Prahladnagar tower", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A major fire broke out at a commercial complex, Safal Pegasus on the Prahladnagar Road on Tuesday afternoon. Panic-struck occupants of the building jumped off the second and third floors to escape. A total of 11 people were injured in the incident out of which six were hospitalized by EMRI 108 and fire brigade ambulances.According to Ahmedabad Fire and Emergency Services (AFES) officials, they got a call about a fire in the basement of the building at 2:40pm.Considering it a major fire due to its central location in the business district, a team of 15 vehicles including fire fighters and tankers started the rescue operation.Rajesh Bhatt, additional chief fire officer, AFES, told TOI that the primary reason for the fire was a short-circuit in the electric ducts at the basement.\"The building has a row of ducts in every floor. After the first one tripped, the entire row fused and fire erupted in the electric supply cables. The fire caused a lot of smoke, reducing visibility in the entrance and passage of the first floor,\" Bhatt said.\"More than the fire, the thick smoke swirling inside the building created a lot of confusion and anxiety among those who got trapped in the upper floors,\" said Bhatt.As it was during the peak business hour, the number of employees and visitors was high in the premises, said officials.Around 150 people managed to get out though an equal number of people were trapped on the second and third floor. \"We evacuated them after fanning out the smoke. However, the rumours of the fire caused panic and many jumped out of the windowsOne of the women was sent to the VS Hospital by a fire brigade ambulance,\" said an AFES official. The Anandnagar police and teams of civil defense controlled the crowd and eased the traffic flow. Paramedics from three ambulances of EMRI 108 provided primary treatment to the victims. The firefighting ended at 5:30pm, said a senior AFES official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "jamnagar/vadodara", "code": "17123837", "title": "Plaints against BJP chief for controversial Vivekanand remarks", "text": "JAMNAGAR/VADODARA: BJP president Nitin Gadkari got no respite from the controversy over his remarks on Swami Vivekananda and underworld don Dawood Ibrahim with complaints being filed in Jamnagar and Anand courts seeking penal action against him.The complaint in Jamnagar was filed by advocate Harshad Bhatt, who is also the spokesperson of Jamnagar district Congress, while Manoharsinh Raisinh Parmar,convener of the legal cell of Congress filed in Anand court.Chief judicial magistrate L G Chudasama in Jamnagar reserved the order till November 9. Anand court will hear the complaint on November 8.Bhatt and Parmar have also sought appropriate criminal action against BJP national spokesperson Nirmala Sitharaman, who, as alleged in the complaint, had endorsed the comments made by Gadkari.They have accused the BJP leaders of \"hurting the religious feelings of millions of Vivekanand's followers worldwide.Bhatt demanded penal action under sections 295 (deliberate and malicious acts, intended to outrage religious feelings) and 298 (uttering, words etc, with deliberate intent to wound the religious feelings of any person) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17121568", "title": "Court orders seizure of bus over accident compensation", "text": "CHENNAI: A small causes court here on Tuesday gave an executive direction to confiscate a state-owned bus for non-payment of compensation to the family of an Army major who was killed in an accident in Tirupur.Giving the order, judge N Gunavathi directed the court officials to take the help of police to confiscate any state-owned bus from the Chennai moffusil bus terminus at Koyembedu until the Tamil Nadu State Transport Corporation paid the compensation of 24, 28,351 to the familyShwetha Ponna, wife of accident victim Mohan Ponna, 35, had approached the third small causes court after the transport corporation failed to comply by a Secunderabad tribunal's order to pay compensation in 2004. The respondents include bus driver N Govindan, 54, and the managing directors of TNSTC (Coimbatore division - 1) and the Tamil Nadu Road Transport Corporation.A native of Andhra Pradesh , Mohan Ponna was returning from Tirupati to Ooty, where he had completed a 10-day training at the Defence Service Staff College, on April 3, 2004. A state-run bus (TN 38 N 0988) dashed against their car near Perumanallur in Tirupur. Mohan suffered grievous injuries and died in a private hospital in Tirupur. The Permanallur police filed a case against the bus driver under Sections 279 and 304A of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).Shwetha Poona filed a case for compensation before the Secunderabad-based first additional chief judge in 2004. Four years later, in May 2008, additional chief judge P Mutyala Naidu directed the respondents to pay a compensation of 16,33,690 to the victim's family. As the respondents did not pay the compensation, the amount got accumulated with an interest rate of 7.5% per annum and now the third small causes court in Chennai directed the respondents to pay 24.5 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "17122252", "title": "'Documents of 235 beneficiaries under cloud'", "text": "THANE: In a twist to the controversy surrounding the Rs 654-crore Basic Services for Urban Poor (BSUP) programme in Thane district, a civic official admitted that 235 tenements were \"gifted away\" to beneficiaries last month without verifying the authenticity of their documents.The scheme funded by the Centre to rehabilitate slumdwellers by providing them with 307-sq-ft tenements in high-rises has been plagued by allegations of corruption, misappropriation of funds and fudging of the beneficiary list. \"The allotments made last month were on the basis of a provisional list of beneficiaries. It is a temporary list,\" said Prakash Dhole, deputy municipal commissioner (estates) of the Kalyan-Dombivli Municipal Corporation. \"The final list will be drawn soon after we conduct a thorough scrutiny of papers related to their proof of residence,\" he added.Activists claim that the civic official's admission means the beneficiary list was determined on the basis of questionable documents and that the allotment of BSUP tenements at Ambedkar Nagar in Dombivli were made without evaluating the veracity of claims.Dhole's statement validates TOI news reports about the beneficiary list, prepared since 2008, is inflated with inclusion of fictitious names and in some cases members of the same family allotted two or more homes, ignoring the eligibility criteria.The BSUP is one of its kind welfare initiative of the Central government aimed to eradicate urban cities of slums colonies. Eligible slum dwellers are provided with a 300-sq ft tenement at a hugely subsidised rate, as 50 per cent of the costs are borne by the Centre, 30 per cent by the state government and the remainder 10 per cent costs paid for by the local civic body and the beneficiary.However, the welfare programme is vulnerable to fraud, waste and abuse of public funds worth crores of rupees as is evident in the case of Kalyan-Dombivli which has been plagued with charges of corruption and fudging of the beneficiary list to benefit the contractors, bureaucrats and local politicians.\"The bigger question is How will the authorities evict a person from the tenement that they had themselves allotted after a so-called scrutiny of his papers. It will only create a public ruckus followed by litigation as no person will surrender the house no matter what,\" said RTI activist Kaustubh Gokhale, who has spearheaded the campaign against the wrongful implementation of the BSUP in Dombvili.\"It is not a problem. We have secured an affidavit from each of the allottees which states that if there is any illegality, then with their papers they will be evicted from the house. We are scrutinizing the papers and will come out with the final list,\" Dhole said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17123906", "title": "HC asks poll panel to explain seizures", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17124054", "title": "I-T dept tightens noose on tax evaders in Gujarat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The demand for real estate units might be at its lowest since 2009, but for tax sleuths the sector remains at the top when it comes to unveiling unaccounted income. In the last two months, income tax department has searched and surveyed more than 50 realty firms in the state, highest in Ahmedabad and Surat. The operations against realty firms make more than 70 per cent of I-T raid operations in the state.On Tuesday, a team of 100 I-T officials swooped down on 31 premises of Kalol-based BT Corporation and its associates in Ahmedabad. In the operation, around 15 premises, including that of a Thaltej-based property broker linked with the company, were searched and surveyed. Similar operations were initiated against a Valsad-based realty group.I-T officials believe that they suspect many realty firms, who have done impressive business between 2008 and 2011 in the state, have shied away from paying taxes on income. Sources said that the department has been sitting on around 6,000 suspected land and property transactions this year in the state which they believe will be crucial for cracking down on the realty groups in the coming days. However, unlike last year when the department unearthed stashes of black money from cupboards of realtors, this year, tax sleuths have not been that lucky.\"More than the amount of disclosures, the emphasis is on setting up a deterrent for tax evaders with the operation. But few of the biggest black money disclosures in the country this year have been from real estate companies in Surat,\" said a senior I-T official. But sources suggest that many realty firms, including in Ahmedabad, initially refused to make voluntary disclosures and made the tax sleuths run the extra mile for unearthing unaccounted income. In a couple of cases, tax sleuths had to catch buyers to expose the cash component taken by the realtor while selling off properties. I-T investigation wing of Gujarat has a target of Rs 1,100 crore for the current fiscal. However, due to administrative reasons which checked transfers of officials, the department did only a handful of operations. before September 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17124552", "title": "An alloy to help build fuel-saving jets", "text": "WASHINGTON: ESA scientists have developed an aircraftgrade alloy that is twice as light as conventional nickel superalloys while offering equally good properties.Airlines are always looking for ways to save fuel by cutting down on weight without sacrificing safety. Generally, cutting weight by 1%will save up to 1.5% in fuel.For commercial airlines, this saving quickly adds up, offering cheaper flights and fewer stopovers while reducing the overall impact on the environment. For years, engineers have known that titanium aluminide alloys offer great weight benefits over the nickel superalloys used today in conventional jet engines.Since the newer alloy can withstand extreme temperatures up to 800 \u00c2\u00b0C, it is of particular interest to engine manufacturers.Although it is possible to make the alloy in a laboratory, casting it in the shapes required by industry, such as a turbine blade, is not simple. ESA scientists working in the Impress project looked into the problem. To understand natural processes, scientists often remove as many external variables as possible, concentrating their observations on core interactions. TheImpress project needed to 'switch-off ' a factor that hampers observations: gravity.Aluminium samples were heated in a small furnace carried in a sounding rocket launched from Kiruna, Sweden . During six minutes of free fall, they were heated to over 700\u00c2\u00b0C and then monitored by X-rays as they cooled.Looking at the results, the researchers realized that casting titanium aluminides might require looking in the opposite direction: hypergravity . ESA is the only organization that offers all levels of gravity, so the Impress team turned to the agency's centrifuge in the ESTEC research and technology centre, the Netherlands to test their theory. Casting the metals in a centrifuge creating up to 20 times normal gravity helps the liquid metals to fill every part of a mould, producing a perfectly cast alloy.Analysing metal casting in as many ways as possible produced building blocks of knowledge that allowed the industrial process to be refined and commercialized. ANI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17124409", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation rejects Wockhardt's revised bldg plan, demolition looms", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation's anti-encroachment squad of Dharampeth zone can demolish the illegal construction at Wockhardt Hospital on North Ambazari road at any time. NMC's town planning department has rejected Maharashtra Rashtrabhasha Sabha's plea to revise the multi-storey building's sanctioned plan.In April, the Dharampeth zone had served a notice to Maharashtra Rashtrabhasha Sabha for not adhering to the sanctioned building plan while constructing the multi-storey Wockhardt Hospital on its land near Shankar Nagar Square. Rashtrabhasha Sabha had given a major portion of the land on lease to the hospital.The zone had directed the Sabha to demolish illegal construction of over 1,000 sq metres within a month, otherwise NMC was to initiate action against it and the hospital. The sabha had then applied for sanctioning of the revised building plan of Wockhardt Hospital on September 11 this year.Rejecting the plea, assistant director (town planning) CS Zade pointed out that the revised plan of the high-rise cannot be regularized. In his rejection letter, Zade pointed out that side marginal space had construction thereon. Besides there were property tax dues. TOI has a copy of the rejection notice.Zade has also specifically mentioned SR Patil, who resides in Pune and is a trustee of the Sabha. Patil had objected to the revised plan submitted by the organization. On October 29, Patil submitted a fresh complaint to the town planning department demanding rejection of the revised building plan.Patil has said that the land where the hospital has come up was allotted to Maharashtra Rashtrabhasha Sabha, Pune, on lease for public utility purpose. However, the land was illegally sold to several private parties like M/s Prajakta Developers, SMG Hospitals Ltd, Wockhardt Hospitals Pvt Ltd, American Desi Restaurant etc. The said land was illegally converted into commercial land by way of minor modifications under section 37 of the Maharashtra Regional Town Planning Act 1966.President of city-based NGO Citizen's Forum for Equality Madhukar Kukde has also served legal notices to nine respondents, including office-bearers of Rashtrabhasha Sabha and urban development ministry for allegedly converting 44,221 sq ft public utility land into commercial property for unlawful monetary gains.A senior official from Dharampeth zone said that within a couple of days the anti-encroachment squad will raze the illegal construction in the hospital.The hospital would have to demolish construction of 1095.79 sq ft under section 53 of MRTP Act. As per sanctioned plan, the five-storey hospital should have parking space on the ground floor. In reality, the hospital's lobby and reception occupy the ground floor. Besides, illegal construction has been carried out in front of the hospital to accommodate vehicles.Similarly, illegal construction was found on the fourth and fifth floors too. On the fourth floor, the hospital carried out illegal construction of around 102 sq metres on the south and east sides. On the fifth floor, the entire 120 sq m temporary tin construction is illegal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17124270", "title": "End of the circus at Kasturchand Park", "text": "NAGPUR: The historic Kasturchand Park (KP) can expect to see better days now. The district administration has taken the initiative to start conserving and developing it, beginning by banning circuses from the ground. Also, 75% of the ground will be kept open for public and sports activities while exhibitions and commercial activities will be restricted to 25% of the area.TOI had highlighted the lost glory of KP and its sorry present state from time to time since January. It had also highlighted the parking of Starbuses in the heritage ground.Parivartan Citizens Forum, led by secretary Dinesh Naidu, too had been pressing for conservation and development of the historical ground. MLA from West Nagpur Sudhakar Deshmukh had also called for immediate action from the district administration. All this led the district administration to join hands with social organizations and chalk out a plan for KP.Admitting many complaints and demands regarding KP, collector Saurabh Rao said the district administration has decided to take the issue very seriously. \"We held a meeting with social activists, sports associations, public representatives, and officials from NMC, PWD, police and NIT on Tuesday. Good suggestions came up in the meeting and will be considered,\" he said.Rao said they have decided not to allow exhibitions and other commercial activities in over 25% of the ground. Besides, a specific portion of the ground will be earmarked for this purpose, probably towards RBI square.\"A three-member committee of officials from PWD, NMC and collectorate has been formed to inspect the ground from time to time and ensure its maintenance. The security deposit of organizers will be returned only after the committee reports on the ground's condition,\" he said.Rao added that the KP's gates will be repaired and only two will be kept open, to restrict entry of four-wheelers and other illegal activities. \"The parking of Starbuses will also be banned. Strict action will be taken against all encroachers. A plan to plant some trees and landscape the area around the heritage structure in the middle of the ground will be drawn up. We will also construct public toilets, drinking water facility etc. Efforts will be taken to get funds from the state government for conservation and development activities. We may also appoint security guards. We will also meet and confer with NGOs beginning January 5, 2013, to get more suggestions,\" he said.Dinesh Naidu asked the administration to invite citizens and sports associations to take some responsibility in conserving KP. \"NGOs should be invited to take up development works. Jogging track should be developed, with proper illumination in all parts of the ground,\" he said.Recalling the sporting activities at KP some decades ago, TH Naidu said that if sports start again here, automatically all illegal happenings will end. Cricket legend CK Nayudu and other players used to practice on the ground.\"Circuses and other commercial activities should be totally stopped, leaving the ground open for the public. Only national-level political meets, government programmes etc should be permitted. The entire ground is earmarked as grade-I heritage open space, and it should be maintained like that,\" he said.Levelling the playing field* Exhibitions, commercial activities to be restricted to 25% area* No permission for circus, parking of Starbuses, driving schools* Only two gates will be kept open with security guards* Public and sports activities to be encouraged* Jogging track, public toilets, drinking water facility to come up* Plantation around the ground and landscaping at heritage structure* 3-member committee to ensure conservation of the ground* Funds will be sought from the government or MP, MLA funds* Social organizations, NGOs will be asked to help", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17124463", "title": "Ganga Mahotsav scheduled from November 24 to 28", "text": "VARANASI: The city is all set to hold Ganga Mahotsava, the five-day cultural extravaganza on the bank of Ganga from November 24 to 28. The Governor of UP will attend the concluding ceremony on November 27. As a part of the Ganga Mahotsava, the 10-day Rashtriya Gandhi Shilp Mela will also be organised at the Cultural Complex in Chowkaghat area from November 25 to December 4.Divisional commissioner, Chanchal Kumar Tiwari held a meeting of officials on Monday to take stock of the preparations of the mega event in which artists of national repute as well as local artists will perform. The officials of UP Tourism informed the commissioner that the list of performing artists was being finalised. Besides the cultural programme, traditional sports activities like wrestling, tonga race and kite flying will also be held during the Ganga Mahotsava.The district inspector of schools was asked to hold competitive cultural events for school children at Cultural Complex from November 21 to 23. The first three rankers of these competitive events from different schools will be given the opportunity to perform at the Ganga Mahotsava stage. The artists associated with International Council for Cultural Relations ( ICCR) and North Central Zone Cultural Centre (NCZCC), Allahabad will also be invited to present their performance.The comissioner instructed the officials of municipal corporation and electricity department to launch special drives to ensure proper cleanliness and power supply on the ghats and places of tourist importance during the festivities. The officials were also asked for removal of encroachments along the road from Godowlia to ghats. It is estimated that a fund of Rs 40-45 lakh would be spent for the Ganga Mahotsava.The Shilp Mela will be inaugurated by minister of state for PWD, Surendra Patel at Cultural Complex. The artisans and craftsmen from different state will take part in the mela with their artefacts and products. Besides the stalls of handicrafts and traditional cuisine, commercial shops will also be given space for the first time in the Shilp Mela.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17124411", "title": "'Jugaad' innovation goes global", "text": "GURGAON: For Indians, especially Hindi-speaking people, the word \"Jugaad\" is something that they have lived with. For them, it means finding an innovative solution to a problem when the resources are very limited or almost nil.But the book written by Navi Radjou, Jaideep Prabhu and Simone Ahuja - \"Jugaad Innovation: A Frugal and Flexible Approach to Innovation for the 21st Century\" - speaks about an innovative approach by a local person who developed an earthen fridge (which runs without electricity) as well as the big companies like PepsiCo also adopting innovative steps in a resource-strapped environment.Navi Radjou, fellow at Judge Business School, University of Cambridge , and a World Economic Forum faculty member and the co-author of the best-selling book, who was speaking at The Media Cafe on Tuesday, said, \"The word 'Jugaad' got recognition in western countries due to recession as they faced massive resource scarcity\". And the more interesting trend is that 'Jugaad' is now not only practised by those who cannot afford the luxury but the top corporates like PepsiCo, Tata, Seimens, Renault-Nissan are adopting it in a big way, he said.He also shared his views on issues ranging from start-ups and innovation to investments and leadership while giving examples from India, China, Brazil and other countries.Citing six principles - seek opportunity in adversity, do more with less, think and act flexibly, keep it simple, include the margin and follow your heart, he said people like a villager from Assam, Kanak Das (who developed a retrofitted cycle that goes faster on cratered roads), PepsiCo CEO Indra Nooyi (for innovative healthy food) and others like them have used 'Jugaad' to drive innovation.In today's resource-constrained environment, western firms are feeling the growing pressure to \"do more with less\", which mean deliver more value to customers at less cost. Giving example of CEO of the 8Renault-Nissan Alliance, Carlos Ghosn, Navi said he was impressed by Indian engineers' ability to innovate cost-effectively and quickly %under severe resource constraints. The world has been talking about Frugal Innovation to deal with a world that is hit by unemployment, recession and depletion of the %resources, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17122064", "title": "Shuttler Prajakta to join camp after HC ruling", "text": "MUMBAI: Armed with a Bombay High Court directive in her favour, Mumbai-based shuttler Prajakta Sawant is all set to resume training at the core camp in Hyderabad.After the court nodded in favour of her petition against chief national coach Pulella Gopichand, the India women's doubles No.3 and mixed doubles No.2 is waiting for the directive to reach the Sports Authority of India (SAI).Speaking to TOI, her father Sanjay Sawant said, \"Once the court directive reaches SAI, Prajakta will get the permission to join the camp. The camp is going to end by mid-December. It is better things start fast. She can not lose any more time.\"Talking about the episode, he said, \"My daughter wanted to come home to sit for her exams and took prior permission to join the camp after October 10. She left the academy on September 26 and came home. However, when she went back to Hyderabad on the due date she was not allowed to participate in the core camp.\"He further alleged, \"She was made to sit out and no partners were given to her, causing a lot of mental agony to my daughter. Coach Gopichand added to the trauma by telling her she was not serious about her game. She was made to feel isolated and I asked her to come back home.\"While Gopichand is out of the country and was unavailable for comments, sources informed that Prajakta id attend the camp on October 11 but chose not to practice, reportedly because of a shoulder injury. A few officials informed TOI that Prajakta's father has a history of picking bones with the association and officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17121003", "title": "Dry Bokaro buys 'DC' water for 8", "text": "BOKARO: Bouyed by the acute crisis of clean drinking water faced by residents of Chas, many unemployed people have grabbed the chance to make some easy money. The people now act as water vendors who fill gallons of tap water from the campus of the office of the deputy commissioner and sell it house to house at the rate of Rs 8 per jerrycan.There are many vendors who are earning a livelihood by selling the water filling and supplying it in gallons. The Chas residents have no option but to buy the water as the area does not have water supply pipes while many handpumps are lying defunct. The water of handpumps which are functional is hard. The district collectorate building and campus gets its water supply from Bokaro Steel Plant (BSL), which is clean and good for drinking. The BSL has water treatment plant from which water is supplied after undergoing several filtration processes.'DC' water is supplied to hundreds of homes, shops and hotels in Chas by the local venders. These vendors fetch water in gallons from the water flowing from the tap on Collectorate campus and carrying it on their bicycles for distribution. As they bring water from the collectorate and DC office building they called it 'DC' water or \"DC wala pani\". However the collectorate campus boasts of two kinds of water arrangements a water tap and another a hand pump installed near the gate. The vendors also sell water of that handpump at Rs 5, which residents use for bathing and washing purposes.However, the people residing in colonies in Chas situated in a radius of a few kilometers fron the of Collectorate building are grateful to DC, Sunil Kumar for allowing vendors and residents to fetch water from his government office premises.Dilip Kumar a vendor, filling water in jerycans on the collectorate premises, said he carried six jerrycans in his bicycle in one round. One jerrycan fetches me Rs 8. \"I make six-seven trips and have fixed customers. Most of my customers are elderly who are unable to come here to collect water\". Ironically, the peak hour of this water business is between 8am to 12pm when DC, administrative officials and babus remain in their offices and the BSL supplies water.Vendors and residents specially youths keep arriving on the collectorate campus in bicycles and motorbikes to fill their bottles, jerrycans and buckets with water.Uday Kumar a resident of Prabhat Colony, Chas said unavailability of suitable and hygienic drinking water in Chas area had forced residents to purchase waters from vendors or come here to collect it. \"The water coming out from hand pumps in Chas tastes bad. You also can't wash clothes because it contains a lot of ironFrom past many months, I am coming with six bottles and two gallons everyday to collect water for my home,\" he said. Mankhatir Gope, a milkman, said he delivered milk at homes situated near the collectorate and while returning he carries water in the empty containers which he sells to hotels and shops and earns money.The DC said he was unaware of water business but said water problem of Chas would be solved soon. The Chas water project is almost complete and residents would start getting water supply in their homes from December. \"The water supply will be started phase wise and begins from Solgadih area in December.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17123410", "title": "Making room for our waste", "text": "Today, a day-old baby becomes a waste generator when he soils his first diaper. Each of us continues to generate waste in varying volumes every single day of our lives. Contrast this situation with other animal species which don't generate any waste. Nature, in fact, knows no waste.The good news is that up to 90% of all our waste, in the form of wet and dry waste, can also be converted into resources. What more, this can happen in our homes, offices, schools and neighbourhoods.For the past ten years, our organization Saahas has focused on an approach which assists and works with all waste generators to manage waste at source to minimize dependence on landfills.The rationale behind this approach came from the central government legislation -- The Municipal Solid Waste Management Rules, 2000. These encouraged all waste generators to manage their wet waste through composting so that this waste stream is kept out of landfills. Likewise, all paper, plastic, metal, glass and other dry waste is meant to be recycled into various products.Now more than ever before, this approach comes up as the best practice for management of our waste.All our living spaces have been upgraded. Corporate tech parks today have space for food courts, tennis courts, swimming pools and extensive landscaping. The same holds for apartment complexes and even schools. But none of these include appropriate infrastructure so that the waste generated from all this luxurious living gets managed within their premises. The question is: what will it take for these managers to now ensure that 90% of all waste generated is managed within their own facility?Today there are technologies that provide for such in-house management of both wet and dry waste. Besides, there is sufficient workforce available for maintaining these systems.We are, therefore, running out of excuses to make things work. For sure, budgets can be a constraint. A closer look, however, reveals that setting up an in-house waste management system costs a fraction of what it costs to build a swimming pool or even laying a lawn.Currently, we are in trouble. Our landfills are overflowing and we continue to generate 3,500 tonnes of waste every day. Where do we put all this waste? The solution is simple. Find room for our waste in our own living space. This will give us the tremendous satisfaction of not just being good citizens but also contributing to a clean city.(The writer is the founder-member of Saahas)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17123335", "title": "Open spaces allotment as plots in Panipat: 3 Haryana officers suspended", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Haryana government on Tuesday suspended three officers of the Haryana Housing Board in connection with irregularities in allotment of open spaces as plots in Panipat. A criminal case has also been registered in connection with the irregularities.Haryana housing minister, Satpal Sangwan said, he has issued orders to suspend an executive engineer, Jagminder Goyal, a sub-divisional officer, HL Chopra and a junior engineer, Desh Raj. A town planner, Vibha Walia and two estate managers of the board, Roshan Lal and Mahender Singh have already been suspended.According chief administrator of the board, RS Kharab, as yet 15 cases of allotment of open spaces as plots to the house owners in Sector-11 and 12 of Panipat have come into light. \"The accused board officials allotted the land to some persons, including a kin of an official of the board at throw away prices without following the due procedure in 2010 and 2011,\" Kharab added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "canacona", "code": "17124213", "title": "Five held for assaulting lifeguard at Cola", "text": "CANACONA: Five persons were arrested by the Canacona police on charges of assaulting a lifeguard at Cola beach at Canacona on Monday evening.Canacona police said that Laxman Velip, a lifeguard posted at Cola beach, was assaulted by a group of seven people with wooden logs and he suffered major head other injuries. He was immediately shifted to Canacona community health centre by other lifeguards and later due to his critical condition he was shifted to Hospicio hospital at Margao.Police further said that the assault took place at around 12.30pm on Monday, when the lifeguard stopped a group of around 10 persons from venturing into deep sea. It started with verbal arguments and then escalated to assault. They were arrested under Section 143, Section 147, Section 148 and Section 324 read under Section 149, police added.The arrested persons were later released after furnishing personal bonds. Further investigation is being carried out under the supervision of PSI Anil Gaonkar. Babu Prabhudesai, former sarpanch of Cola panchayat, and locals have demanded safety measures like police patrolling and lifeguards at Rajbag beach at Cola, following the deaths of two brothers recently.Many people claim that both youth could have been saved if lifeguards had been posted at Rajbag beach.\"The previous government remained elusive to our demands to post lifeguards and extend police patrolling, despite repeated drowning incidents and other activities,\" Harischandra Kholkar, a social activist said.\"The government should depute full-time lifeguards on the beaches,\" Kholkar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17121819", "title": "India 'hauls up' Pak for ignoring Interpol notice against Dawood Ibrahim", "text": "NEW DELHI: India on Monday chose the ongoing Interpol General Assembly in Rome to obliquely hit out at Pakistan for giving shelter to underworld don and 1993 Mumbai blast mastermind Dawood Ibrahim , despite a pending Interpol Red Corner Notice (RCN) and \"credible evidence\" against the UN-designated \"global terrorist\".New Delhi also pitched for taking action against \"states, which sponsor, support or provide safe haven to terrorists\".Though New Delhi did not directly name Islamabad for extending refuge to Dawood, it pointed fingers at the neighbouring country for not honouring the RCN against the dreaded fugitive. The remark also put a question mark on the effectiveness of the Interpol notice system which is not uniformly implemented by the member countries.Addressing the Assembly, Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde said, \"I am constrained to point out that in spite of regular dialogue and credible evidence, the masterminds of one of the most heinous act of terror of last century i.e. 1993 Mumbai Bomb Blasts in which 257 people died and 713 were injured, are still sitting in safe heavens and yet to be brought to book\".He, in the presence of his Pakistani counterpart Rehman Malik, said, \"Their presence in a neighboring country is well known and Interpol red notices against them, who are Indian nationals, are pending since 1993\".Stating that the fight against terrorism had to be long term, comprehensive and sustained efforts, Shinde said, \"Strengthening of international cooperation is vital to ensure that action is not restricted simply to the perpetrators but also encompassed States, which sponsor, support or provide safe haven to terrorists\".India has 138 pending RCNs of terrorists (including the 2611 Mumbai terror attack mastermind Hafiz Saeed and several other Pakistani terrorists) who are absconding and are suspected to be holed up in Pakistan, Bangladesh, Saudi Arabia and other countries. Altogether, India has 670 Interpol notices pending of which 577 are RCNs.Shinde, who later met Malik on sidelines of the Assembly, also emphasized that \"unless the international cooperation leads to visible results, our objectives (fight against terrorism) may remain unachieved\".He noted that be it the Mumbai bomb blasts of 1993, the 26/11 attack in Mumbai or the 9/11 attacks in US, the \"Inter-State nature of planning involved in all of them underscores the need for increased cooperation and coordination amongst intelligence and investigative agencies\".He added, \"Most major terror attacks, successful or aborted from its stage of conceptualization to execution have their footprints in different countries\". The remark reminded how India had suffered a spate of terror attacks that were planned in Pakistan like 2611 or hijack of IC-814 or many other incidents in its hinterland.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "17122333", "title": "HIV+ve muscleman bags Mr South Asia title", "text": "IMPHAL: Despite all odds, HIV positive Manipuri muscleman Khundrakpam Pradipkumar has bagged the \"Mr South Asia\" title in the just-concluded 9th Mr South Asia Body Building Championship, 2012, held at Ludhiana, Punjab.Pradipkumar, who arrived at Imphal airport in the afternoon, was greeted by functionaries of All Manipur Gymnasium Welfare Association, his family members, well-wishers and members of Self Support Group (SSG), a body formed by HIV positive widows of the state.Before reaching his Khamnam Leirak residence in Imphal West in a motorcade, Pradip was given a fitting reception by teachers and students of Zenith Academy located near the airport.\"I'm feeling very happy after bagging the prestigious \"Mr South Asia\" title. I have proved that people living with HIV can do wonders. I'm facing a tough time ahead of the 4{+t}{+h} Mr World championship scheduled to be held in Bangkok next month as I lack funds to procure nutritional diet. But I'll go on for the title,\" said Pradip (43). The muscleman spends about Rs 40,000 in procuring nutritional diet every month.Pradip, who is on Anti Retroviral Therapy (ART), faced great hardships in arranging money to buy nutritional diet few ahead of his \"Mr South Asia\" competition. Manipur Aids Control Society (MACS), which used to pay Rs 8000 a month to Pradipkumar for procuring his nutritional support after appointing him as its brand ambassador, has stopped paying the money to him since June.Another setback was the government's failure to appoint him as a regular employee in the youth affairs and sports department despite tall promises made by a minister in 2009. All was not lost for him as members of SSG carried out a charity campaign and gave Rs 90,000 to him.\"A local civil body christened \"Joint Brothers' Group\" also donated him Rs 1.5 lakh for his cause,\" said Pradip, who revealed his status after bagging the 60-Kg category senior Mr Manipur title in December, 2007. The muscleman has also bagged silver and bronze medals in different national competitions and also stood 8th in the Mr World competition.\"I would not have been in this position without the generous efforts of the SSG and Joint Brothers' Group, for which I'm grateful to them,\" said Pradip.\"Though governor Gurbachan Jagat, speaker Th Lokeshore and some ministers and MLAs donated money, chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh didn't provide any assistance to me despite repeated pleas by SSG members. Instead, the CM's office staff ridiculed the SSG members,\" added Pradip.Manipur is one of the six high HIV prevalence states of the country. According to MACS, the state has 38,016 people infected with HIV, including 10,109 women and 2,578 children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17122115", "title": "No sales of fireworks at Flower Bazaar, says HC", "text": "CHENNAI: Slamming the fireworks traders for trying to play a 'double game,' the Madras high court on Tuesday refused to allow them to set up shops in the Flower Bazaar area this Diwali. All wholesale and retail traders should sell firecrackers at Island Grounds, where temporary structures have been erected and trained police personnel posted, the court said.The first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam, dismissing petitions filed by 11 dealers of firecrackers, said, \"The traders have paid advance on August 23 for shifting sales to Island Grounds and thereafter they have filed the present applications, after a lapse of two months, and it is unfair on their part to play a double game.\"Tracing the litigations filed and orders passed on the matter since 2006, the judges pointed out the submissions of P T Perumal, counsel for public interest petitioner K R (Traffic) Ramaswamy, that the dealers' associations had issued newspaper advertisements agreeing to move to Island Ground.Referring to earlier orders wherein sufficient time was given for shifting the businesss to an alternative site and highlighting the set of guidelines laid down by the courts, the judges concluded that there was no merit in the application.The court battle for shifting cracker shops from the narrow lanes and bylanes of Flower Bazaar area to safer areas started in 2009 when (Traffic) Ramaswamy filed a PIL. In August 2009, the court asked the Chennai Corporation and the police commissioner to consider the proposal to shift the shops to Island Grounds.Though the traders got a breather for the next three Diwali seasons, last year they had to shift to Island Grounds from where they did business. In his counter-affidavit, the police commissioner said the police administration had turned down requests for temporary permission to set up shops in the Flower Bazaar area, and added that the traders had already agreed to shift to Island Grounds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17123683", "title": "IT companies told to clean up internal visa processes", "text": "BANGALORE: Immigration experts say that if the visa rejection rates have to come down, staff at IT companies in India would have to be as stringent and stiff-necked about visa procedures as officials at US consulates are. They say companies should run a compliance test internally before they submit visa applications to consulates.Gagan Sabharwal, director of global trade development at IT industry body Nasscom, noted at a conference on immigration here on Tuesday that rejection rates were in the 40-60% range for different kinds of visas. \"The rejection rate was 5% till 2008. Nasscom is working with companies to bring it down to single digits again,\" he said.High unemployment in the US and a spate of allegations and lawsuits related to misuse of work visas has pushed US consulates to scrutinize visa applications a lot more stringently than they used to. In India, IT companies are the biggest users of these visas.Immigration experts say that all visa/immigration professionals at corporates should be seriously involved in all aspects of the visa procedure, including the selection of employees for on-site assignments, training/equipping them to face visa interviews at the ports of departure and entry. Shaheed Khan, associate director at Tech Mahindra , said, \"Immigration is no more a travel issue, it's a serious business issue. Lack of compliance, visa rejections and delays will have a direct impact on business continuity and customer satisfaction. Immigration rules can unpredictably change like frames of Tom Clancy movies. This means immigration staff must constantly be in a state of restlessness.''Most large enterprises today run full-fledged immigration departments. Those who don't are hiring US visa experts and immigration lawyers who are familiar with compliance issues.Gavin Colaco, general manager at Fragomen Immigration Services, a New York-based law firm, said employees too have a critical role to play in bringing down the number of visa denials. \"It's important for employees to follow immigration instructions in letter and spirit. There should be perfect correlation between the information provided in the visa application and answers given at the time of the interviews. Personal grooming, appearance, and neat handling of documents are positives. One should not blurt out an inappropriate answer to a question an immigration officer asks, nor should he land at the port of entry with a hurricane hit hair style,\" Colaco said.Umesh Vaiyamath, CEO of INSZoom, a California-based immigration compliance software firm that organized the conference, said visa/immigration was a fast growing vertical in India. \"Today, all countries are tweaking immigration laws, making compliance issues increasingly tough. When we had organized this event for the first time in 2006, it attracted only some 20 people from local companies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17122627", "title": "Encroachers a threat to 80km bridge project", "text": "KOLKATA: A miniature version of the majestic Vidyasagar Setu could be built in the heart of the city. While the cable stay bridge across the mighty Hooghly spans over 800m, the proposed suspension bridge will be across 80m of densely packed railway tracks situated below Bridge No.4. This, coupled with a revised design plan for a 1.2-km stretch of the flyover, will push the cost up by more than Rs 100 crore and completion time by nearly two years.\"We have awarded the contract for a suspension bridge over Park Circus Bridge No. 4 to infrastructure construction major Larsen &amp; Turbo (L&T;). They have sought an 18-month period to construct the bridge that will link two sections of the 4.2 km,\" urban development minister Firhad Hakim said on Tuesday.While soil test on either side of the railway tracks has been carried out, L&T; engineers are on the drawing board to design the nature of the bridge that has to span across 80m without any piers for support.The work order for the project is expected to be issued within the next seven days, but work can only begin once 200-odd hutments encroaching on the land along the northern side of the bridge are removed.That, officials admit, is one of the biggest challenges before the project and may stall it till the government resorts to forcible eviction, something that the Mamata Banerjee government is extremely reluctant about.The 18-month project time is subject to availability of land. If the government does evict the encroachers by January 2013, the project's completion date will be July 2014, just in time for the completion of the remaining flyover. But if the government shies away till after panchayat elections in May, the completion date will be pushed back by five months to November-December 2014.The suspension bridge is part of five flyover projects (others are at Kalyani, Chandernagore, Bhatpara and Kamalgazi) worth Rs 200 crore handed to L&amp;T.;While there has been considerable progress on 3km section of the elevated corridor between Paroma Island on EM Bypass and Bridge No. 4, work on the section between Bridge No. 4 and Park Circus seven-point crossing is yet to commence. According to turnkey project contractor HCC, work on this section would have started long ago had it been possible to relay the brick sewer that lay along the central meridian of New Park Street.\"The sewer is so old that shifting it is not possible. Hence, we have to redesign the segment. Instead of centrally located piers to the east of Bridge No. 4, the western section will have portal system where the carriageway will be supported by pillars on either side,\" the official said. A short stretch of the AJC Bose flyover - from Exide intersection to Nandan - has a similar portal system.The Rs 318 crore elevated corridor project that started in February 2010 and was scheduled to be completed by August 2012. But now with modifications in two sections, the project is expected to breach the Rs 450-crore mark and be delayed by 24-30 months. KMDA officials, however, said the 80 km bridge over the railway tracks was not part of the initial project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17121904", "title": "Booklets by cops to spread awareness on cybercrime", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a bid to control increasing number of cybercrimes, the cybercrime cell of the police will be distributing a booklet on safety measures in the schools from this week. The first drive of distribution will be conducted at Loreto Convent School on November 8 and 200 booklets will be handed out to school authorities. The books are meant for guardians of young kids, who have emerged as one of the most vulnerable target groups of online offenders. Dinesh Yadav, the nodal officer of the cybercrime cell said that the booklets will be distributed across private and government schools, particularly among the ones, which have high number of affluent class students. The booklet mentions the measures to limit the risks that children are likely to face while surfing.Pornography and sex offences involving young children are on the rise globally and the booklet has steps to thwart the likelihood of such attempts among young children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "ujjain", "code": "17123899", "title": "Drive to check substandard food items", "text": "UJJAIN: With Diwali festival round the corner, the Ujjain district administration has initiated a drive to keep a check on substandard and stale food items. Collector B M Sharma has formed two teams with representatives from food and drug adulteration, weight &amp; measures, labour, supplies departments to check the eatables being sold in market.Deputy collector Rohan Saxena said samples of mawa, namkin and sweets have been collected from over ten shops on Monday and have been sent for laboratory examination. Further action would be taken if the test report comes out to be negative.Saxena said a large quantity of sohan papri was found prepared in advance at the workshop of Shree Misthan Bhandar at Sanwer Road but its manufacturing date was missing on the boxes. Two children were also found working there.Food controller P C Gupta said 14 domestic LPG cylinders have been seized from different hotels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17124088", "title": "Taslimuddin back in RJD", "text": "PATNA: Former Union minister of state Mohd Taslimuddin on Tuesday claimed to have quit the JD-U and rejoined the RJD. He stated this in presence of RJD supremo Lalu Prasad who called Taslimuddin his guardian.Taslimuddin has been with different parties and won assembly and parliamentary elections on different symbols during his long stint in politics. A few years back he developed differences with Lalu and came in touch with JD-U and chief minister Nitish Kumar .The JD-U reacted strongly to reports about Taslimuddin quitting the party. \"Taslimuddin himself told the media a few days back that he never joined the JD-U,\" water resources minister Vijay Kumar Choudhary said after Taslimuddin's press conference.Citing reasons behind his decision to \"quit\" the JD-U, Taslimuddin accused Nitish of telling lies and said there was a vast gap between Nitish's promises and deeds. \"When I joined the JD-U, I was told that the Seemanchal area would be developed. But nothing happened on that front,\" he said and alleged that the funds for Mahananda basin project were diverted and misused.JD-U leader Choudhary on the other hand clarified the Mahananda basin project involving Rs 600 crore was started in 2007. \"This is a five-phase project and is to be completed in 2016-17. In the first phase, a sum of Rs 149 crore was sanctioned of which Rs 112 crore has been spent on works, including strengthening of the embankment and brick soling etc. The plan for the second phase has been submitted for approval,\" he said while admitting some delay in the execution of the project.Choudhary said the charge of diversion of funds was baseless. \"Taslimuddin made this allegation either due to lack of knowledge or due to his age factor,\" he said and added the project also involved the state share and the grant was sanctioned by the Centre after submission of utilization certificate.On other charges, the minister said he had been witness to all the meetings between Taslimuddin and the CM who never made any commitment to the octogenarian politician from Seemanchal.Asked whether his son Mohd Sarfaraz, who is the JD-U MLA from Jokihat, would also join RJD, Taslimuddin said he would not say anything on the issue at the moment.Welcoming Taslimuddin back to the RJD fold, Lalu said he was a seasoned politician and a \"guardian for me\".Criticizing BJP national president Nitin Gadkari for comparing the IQ of Swami Vivekananda with that of underworld don Dawood Ibrahim , Lalu said the IQ of Gadkari should be examined.Lalu also showed newspaper clippings of February 4, 2002 to substantiate his claim that the then PM A B Vajpayee had assured the then CM Rabri Devi of giving special state status to Bihar on her request. \"The PM later backtracked at Nitish Kumar's behest and only announced a package which included railway projects,\" Lalu said.However, Choudhary refuted Lalu's claim and reminded him of the RJD legislature party leader Abdul Bari Siddiqui's statement in which he had said that Rabri had then demanded special package and not special status.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "17123446", "title": "Student commits suicide, thrashing by teacher alleged", "text": "ROHTAK: A student of a private school in Madina village of Rothak district committed suicide allegedly after he was thrashed by a teacher in the school. The incident occurred on Sunday when Deepak Kumar, a student of 10+1, son of Jagbir Kumar, consumed some poisonous substance and died at his residence. He belonged to Chhiri village and had been living with his maternal uncle in Madina village for the last many years.A group of villagers, along with victim's maternal uncle Jai Kishan, reached the school and charged the authorities of beating up their child on Saturday, which forced him to take the extreme step.He said that Deepak, 17, was among a group of students who were on a school tour to Nainital from October 28 to November 1. He urged the school director to inquire into the matter and take action against the guilty teacher.\"Father of the victim, who is an Army man, reached home on Tuesday. We are planning to approach the police, demanding an inquiry against school officials\", he said. As they were not aware about his beating up by school staff then, Deepak was cremated soon, he said.The school principal however denied beating up of the victim by any of his staff member. However, he said that Deepak was found in possession of an automatic knife in the school on Saturday. \"During a check-up of his school bag on Saturday, we found a knife in his bag after which we warned him that his parents will be informed about the incident,\" said the principal.Meham police station SHO Ram Kishan denied having received any complaint in this regard, adding that police will take action on receipt of a complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17123974", "title": "Bizmen, individuals seeking loan face difficulty", "text": "INDORE: The closure of income tax department website for maintenance is causing inconvenience to tax payers, especially the businessmen and those seeking vehicle and consumer durable loans. The website will be down for 6 days and is being upgraded with new features, said I-T sources.Businessmen who have to file challans and penalty and the assess having to pay penalty are facing problems due to the shut down of I-T website. For tax payers or individuals, those seeking loans during the festive season and had not filed their returns are facing problems in getting loan approvals.The department however feels that the temporary shutdown of the website will not cause hurdles to the tax payers as the deadline for filing of I-T return has already lapsed.Vice chairman, All India Federation of Tax Practitioners, Jugal Satrawala, said, \"Though the rush for filing of income tax returns by is over now payment of challan or penalty is being delayed.\"Secretary, regional direct tax advisory committee, Rajesh Joshi, said, \"A number of assesses have complained that they were finding it difficult to get their visas cleared due to non-availability of the website. Those securing loans are also facing problems as I-T returns are a must.\"Talking to TOI from New Delhi over phone, director, income tax, Ravi Agrawal, said, \"The site has been closed temporarily. I do agree that it may cause some inconvenience to taxpayers but it will not impact anybody.New facilities:1. Multiple mode of e-filing of returns.2. Help desk through call centre and e-mail support.3. Provision of online forms.4. Data in forms and availability of offline e-forms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17122877", "title": "Diwali diet: Keep kilos in check with low-cal options", "text": "NEW DELHI: The fragrance of sweets already fills the air. Very soon pretty boxes packed with laddoos, barfis and the choicest delicacies will start piling up at homes. Diwali, after all, is incomplete without sweets. But the after-effects of bingeing can be disastrous, more so if you are on the heavier side. And if you are vulnerable to heart disease or have diabetes, you must exercise caution.But that doesn't mean refraining from all sweets. Dieticians and doctors suggest that the craving for sweets can be assuaged with healthier, low-calorie alternatives like fruit yoghurts, dry fruits and dark chocolate. It will just take a little effort to ensure that you're buying and gifting the right kind of sweets. With an assortment of sweets spread out before them, even the most health conscious people end up gorging on sweets during Diwali.Clinical nutritionist Ishi Khosla says people tend to binge during Diwali as they see a lot sweets around them, and that stirs up their sensory faculties. \"The smell and look of sweets weakens your resolve. So it's best not to store them at home. Instead, you can distribute them to people who need them more. You can choose healthier alternatives like dates, bitter chocolates or nuts.\" She also cautions people about the quality of sweets they order. For instance, fresh sandesh or fruit yoghurt is far healthier than gulab jamuns. Honey or jaggery-coated nuts are also a good option.Dieticians suggest it is better to distribute the sweets one gets, as it reduces chances of overeating. \"People can share the sweets with kids as they burn calories easily. It's also a good idea to distribute sweets in the neighbourhood, especially because we do not know where the sweets come from. There is a high chance of adulteration,\" says consultant dietician at Max Healthcare, Cheenu Prashar.Almost every year adulterated sweets flood Delhi's markets to meet the huge demand. Artificial colours, which can be toxic, as well as adulterated milk and khoya are widely used. \"We always suggest that making sweets at home is safer. At least you can pick the ingredients yourself,\" says Prashar.Dieticians also recommend 'guilt-free' eating. They say worrying too much about your weight also creates problems. \"This is the time when weight gain is at its peak. Diabetics become less careful about their sugar intake, and those who are predisposed to diabetes show signs of high sugar,\" says consultant, endocrinology and diabetology, Moolchand Medicity, Dr Sanjiv Bhambani.The most common complaints after Diwali are weight gain, increased appetite and a feeling of lethargy \"People complain of developing a paunch,\" laughs Khosla. But it's best if diabetics and people vulnerable to heart disease check their diet during Diwali. Their per day calorie intake should be between 1,500-1,800 calories with a proportion of 60:20:20 between carbohydrates, fats and proteins, recommends Dr Bhambani. Artificial sweeteners can be used in moderation while preparing sweets for diabetics. They should avoid excessive intake of dry fruits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17124192", "title": "Alina's latest: Segregate or pay the price", "text": "PANAJI: Environment minister Alina Saldanha has decided that all village panchayats must get their garbage segregated at the household level-citizens will have to compost their wet waste, and the dry garbage will be disposed through contractors.Briefing the media after chairing a meeting with officials of the directorate of panchayats, Saldanha said that the government is considering imposing stiff penalties on citizens who do not segregate their garbage at source. The government will first try the above through a pilot project in the Velsao panchayat.A workshop will be held for panch members and the people of Velsao to segregate their garbage into wet and dry wastes. People will have to compost their wet waste in their own compounds, while the dry waste from every household will be collected at a specially-built shed. From here, a contractor will pick up the dry waste and dispose it. The government has identified a few such contractors and at least one owns a plastic recycling plant. \"If they segregate the dry waste, it will be better for us,\" Saldanha said.While the Velsao pilot project is expected to be functional by mid-December, Saldanha said the project will then be replicated in every panchayat in Goa.Asked how the government will cope with citizens who do not segregate their garbage, Saldanha said that a draft is ready that deals with imposing penalties on those who do not segregate. She said it will \"not be a light penalty\".While the government will fund the Velsao pilot project, other village panchayats will have to bear the costs of building the collection shed and the door-to-door collection of garbage. The government may help very poor panchayats in building the shed, but Saldanha said the government has at least three different schemes for garbage collection that others panchayats may avail of.She said there will not be a problem of selecting a site for the garbage collection shed because the garbage in the shed will only be dry. Since it will have no wet waste, there will be no foul smell, she said.Told that the success of her project depends entirely on people's willingness to segregate their garbage at home, Saldanha related her experience in Australia. She said people there use plastic for everything, yet there is not a piece of plastic on the road. Reiterating that the government is considering penalties on people who flout the rules, Saldanha said the government is committed to cleaning up Goa and restoring it to its \"original glory\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17124342", "title": "Bharathidasan University hostel students come to blows with workers", "text": "TRICHY: The hostel students of Bharathidasan University came to fisticuffs with the varsity workers when they forcefully locked the main entrance at the Palkalaipudur main campus in an attempt to draw attention to their various problems. The students alleged they were being given a raw deal by the university management. They charged the authorities of not providing them with clean drinking water and enough power to do their daily chores.The students of postgraduate and the five-year integrated courses belonging to the four men's hostels - Bhavani, Cauvery, Porunai and Vaigai trooped out to the main entrance and staged a demonstration after locking the gate. Their main grouse was that were not properly served their meals, particularly at dinner time. Even the items on the menu became a bone of contention. Since the students preferred dosas for dinner, it could not be made and served without much delay due to frequent power shutdowns.The university registrar, Prof A Aruchamy, told TOI, \"The students must learn to take in their stride certain inconveniences as the power outage was a common problem in the entire state. Moreover, making dosas manually for about 800 students at a time when we do not boast good cooks is a paramount job,\" he clarified. \"However, we operate the generators during meal time without fail,\" he said.According to the registrar, the students demanded uninterrupted power supply and since winter was setting in, they also wanted heaters in the bathroom.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17121111", "title": "Tribals under attack in state, claims Brinda Karat", "text": "RANCHI: CPM MP Brinda Karat on Tuesday said the tribals in the state were under attack.\"The government is not allocating enough money for the welfare schemes of the tribals whose condition is pathetic without the required help,\" said Karat.On a three-day visit to the state, Karat participated in a mass meeting on tribals' rights in the state capital. The meeting was organized by National Platform for Tribals Rights.\"The corporate houses are easily getting agricultural lands in the state. The government is establishing universities on agricultural lands which are source of livelihood for the poor tribals,\" said Karat adding that the tribals were being denied their basic rights even as CNT and SPT acts are in place in the state.The CPI leader would call upon governor Syed Ahmed on Wednesday to apprise him of the state of affairs of the tribals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17122933", "title": "Missing UPSC question papers found", "text": "KOLKATA: One of the 160 packets of UPSC question papers that were being transported from Delhi to Kolkata by an AI flight was found missing on arrival at the city airport on Tuesday. It was finally traced to Ahmedabad and will be rushed to Kolkata on Wednesday.The panic button was pressed when staffers found 159 mail bags against 160 that were in the manifest. The team in Delhi was immediately alerted, which then sent out enquiries to all AI flights. The missing packet was traced to Ahmedabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17122121", "title": "3 suicide cases registered", "text": "CHENNAI: Three people committed suicide in separate incidents on Monday.Police said 83-year-old Bharati was depressed as she had a chronic illness. She doused herself with kerosene and set herself ablaze on Monday.In the second incident Raja, 38, a daily wage labourer, was found hanging from the ceiling of his house on Monday night. Police said the resident of Lakshmipuram in Chrompet was facing financial difficulties.In the third case, Ravindran of Medavakkam hanged himself in his house. Cases have been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17122129", "title": "Storm in BJP cup holds up Kalyan Singh's return", "text": "LUCKNOW: As imminent as it was, the return of former chief minister Kalyan Singh to the Bharatiya Janata Party doesn't seem to be happening right away.With party chief Nitin Gadkari in the line of fire following allegations by Indian Against Corruption activist Arvind Kejriwal and the subsequent resignation of Mahesh Jethmalani in protest, there is a slim chance of a meeting very soon with Kalyan in which all the leaders would be present.Former national party chief Rajnath Singh had claimed in Agra a couple of days back that Kalyan would celebrate Diwali at his home (meaning BJP), but sources in the Kalyan camp say that would be possible only when all senior leaders of the party along with Gadkari are are present in New Delhi to welcome him.State BJP leaders have not been able to fix a date for the said meeting in New Delhi and it doesn't seem to be happening over the next couple of days. Sources add the tenure of Gadkari as national BJP chief is under threat and it is unlikely that Kalyan's rejoining would take place amidst this turmoil.Earlier, Rashtriya Swayemsewak Sangh (RSS) had extended its support to Gadkari to continue as BJP chief for a second term with amendment being made in the constitution of the BJP to allow anyone to remain president of for two consecutive terms of three years each. The amendment was made at the party's convention in Haryana. At that time, everyone was of the view the same had been done for Gadkari to continue as party chief for a second consecutive term.Since the time Kejriwal came up with serious allegations against Gadkari's firms being involved in malpractices, demand for Gadkari's exit as party chief has been gaining momentum. About Kalyan's rejoining, party insiders say, state BJP will have to decide a date when all senior leaders like former chief minister Rajnath Singh, national vice-president Kalraj Misra and MP from Lucknow Lalji Tandon sit together.Besides, any date for the New Delhi meeting is subject to the availability of Gadkari, which doesn't seem possible in the near future, sources said. The party chief may just have to quit as party chief before date for a meeting with Kalyan Singh is fixed.Earlier, party insiders had cited assembly election in Himachal Pradesh as reason for unavailability of several senior leaders from the state, prominent among them being Kalraj Misra, also in charge of the party in Himachal Pradesh.Kalyan Singh, meanwhile, has left for New Delhi, people from his camp claim, for other work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17123440", "title": "Get your blood sugar tested to beat diabetes", "text": "BANGALORE: Diabetes has become a major scare and the reason for sudden heart attacks. There's greater need to create awareness on the health hazard. In view of this, The Times of India, along with Lifestyle, will conduct Beat Diabetes on the eve of 'World Diabetes Day' (November 14).As the first in a series of initiatives to spread awareness about diabetes, select stores of the Landmark Group will host free screening of blood glucose levels on November 7 and 8.Participating StoresLifestyleOasis Centre, Inner Ring Road, KoramangalaAdarsh Opus, Richmond Road-Victoria Road JunctionMantri Square, MalleswaramGopalan Mall, Old Madras RoadMax119/120, Commercial StreetOasis Centre, Inner Ring Road, Koramangala479, CMH Road, Indiranagar#25/59, 3rd Block, Jayanagar#275, Sai Teja Arcade, 100 Ft Ring RoadKathriguppe Circle, Banashankari III StageG-37, ground floor, Phoenix Market CityRoyal Meenakshi Mall, Bannerghatta Road, HulimavuRPR Plaza, Varthur Road, Marathahalli ExtnAuchanNo 39/3 &amp; 44, Bannerghatta RoadMantri Square, Malleswaram", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17122043", "title": "UP govt lifts all levies from rice exports in state", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a move to encourage rice exports from Uttar Pradesh, the second largest producer of rice in the country, the state cabinet on Tuesday approved the state's Rice Export Policy 2012. Expected to come into effect soon after the government issues a government order in this regard, the policy will be effective for five years. As a part of the new policy, the government also lifted all levies from rice exports, including Mandi tax and development cess for all varieties of rice produced in the state. The government also said no Value Added Tax will be imposed on export quality paddy. However, only those exporters whose rice mills have been set up in UP will be able to avail these benefits.Mandating that exporters will have to register themselves with the state government, the new policy also mandates a minimum of 50% recovery for basmati rice exports; minimum recovery for all other varieties of rice has been fixed at 66.66% for exporters in order to avail of Mandi tax and development cess waivers. The government also said that special provisions have been put in place for the export of rice to Bangladesh and Nepal, adding that UP farmers will now be allowed to export their produce to any part of the world, regardless of whether the trade is being done in Indian or foreign currency.Among other major decisions, the cabinet relaxed the entry tax applicable on vehicles entering UP on a temporary or tourist permit. According to the new decision, vehicles that get daily permits will have to pay tax for 12 days, while quarterly permits will be allowed to pay tax for a 30 day period.Keeping in mind the rising fuel prices, the cabinet also approved a proposal to increase the fare on all buses operated by UP State Road Tourism Corporation. Effecting a revision of prices, fares for ordinary services have been raised to 70 paise per person per kilometre, up by 10 paise. For the city buses, passengers will now have to pay Rs 1.60 for every kilometre travelled, instead of the existing Rs 1.5 per kilometre. Private buses will also be allowed to charge 55 paise per passenger per kilometre, while fares of buses that travel up to 25 kilometres within municipal limits will be raised to Rs 12 from Rs 10. The cabinet also approved a proposal to increase taxi fares from Rs 7.60 to Rs 8.70 for the first kilometre. For every subsequent 500 kilometre, taxis will now charge Rs 4.10 instead of Rs 3.65.Allowing private contract carriage buses to increase their fares as well, the cabinet approved a proposal to increase fares from the existing Rs 21.10 to Rs 24.25 level.The cabinet also decided to scrap Bhimrao Ambedkar Tubewell Schemes (special component plan) and Dr Ambedkar Collective Tubewell Scheme for constructing tubewells and launched a new scheme - Dr Ram Manohar Lohia Community Tubewell Scheme. Under the scheme, scheduled caste and scheduled tribe dominated farmer groups will get a maximum grant of Rs 5 lakh for construction of tubewell, whereas the group of general category dominated by small and marginal farmers would get a grant of Rs 3.92 lakh.Fixing the policy to run schemes of minor irrigation department in a new form in the coming years, the Cabinet also decided to upgrade Etawah-Mainpuri state highway to four-lane on public-private partnership basis. The 82.25 km-long highway, the government said, will be upgraded at a cost of Rs 361 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17122118", "title": "Jaya announces `1L each for fishermen who rescued sailors", "text": "Vadivelu, Udhayamurthy, Kalaimani, Gopi and Madhan, were overjoyed when they heard their names on television for the first time. Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Tuesday announced a cash award of Rs 1 lakh to each of them for risking their lives to save the crew of a ship which ran aground last week near Besant Nagar beach during cyclone Nilam. Praising their bravery, she also hailed Gopi, who gave his boat in time to save the people. Udhayamurthy, 21, whom friends call Appu, and Madhan, 29, who were at a friend's place when they heard the news, rushed to Vadivelu to share the news. \"Appu was jumping up and down. Madhan, and I just wanted to go home and see our families' reaction,\" says Vadivelu.Their families had initially shouted at them for volunteering for the dangerous mission. \"Today I told my five-year-old son about the award,\" said Vadivelu. \"We are proud of my son and the other boys, but if he had gone, my disabled husband and I would have had to come to the streets,\" said Valli, Madhan's mother. Kalaimani and Gopi took the news with quiet happiness.\"When we rushed in that evening, we dint think or expect any money or recognition. We do it for so many people who start drowning every evening,\" said Gopi. \"When we see a hand going up for help, we just focus on bringing them to the shore,\" said Kalaimani. Gopi said the sailors were apparently struggling. \"It is important to swim in the direction of the waves, and the sailors didn't probably know that,\" said Gopi. The five men said they did not think much before setting off to rescue the sailors.\"It was my boat so I got in, Kalaimani was chosen due to his seniority and skills in working during cyclonic winds,\" said Gopi. \"I just decided that I could swim the best and jumped in, Madhan and Udhayamurthy just followed me,\" said Vadivelu, laughing.Asked what they intended to do with the money, their eyes moved towards their boats. \"We will spend on new nets and other equipment,\" said Kalaimani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17123770", "title": "Foreign universities can\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t be a panacea: Experts", "text": "HUBLI: Experts are divided over the issue of allowing foreign universities to be set up in India. While some agree with Union minister Shashi Tharur that universities in India are not producing graduates of good quality, they do not support his view that foreign universities are a solution to this problem.Vice-chancellor of Karnataka State Women's University, Bijapur welcoming the establishment of foreign universities in India said it should be done selectively to usher in healthy competition. She said: \"It is not correct to say that universities in India are not doing anything good.However, we are lacking in fields like research and innovation while the foreign universities are much ahead of us in this aspect. With huge money power they are in a position to provide best possible infrastructure. People in our universities are complacent. There is need to convert this complacency into competence. We should support our universities and strengthen them. Otherwise they will perish in the face of stiff global competition. It is not correct to say that our students aspiring to go abroad for studies would get the same quality of education in India if the foreign universities come here. All the foreign universities are not good far as quality is concerned. Allowing them into India cannot be the final solution to enhance the quality of education in India.\"Former vice chancellor of Karnatak University professor SK Saidapur endorses Shashi Tharur's views. He said the move to bring foreign universities to India is inevitable as it ensures competition. \"The move to bring foreign universities to India is inevitable. I Welcome it. It will bring in competition. At present the state universities are hopelessly managed. As minister Shashi Tharur said, allowing foreign universities to be set up India will help students desiring to go aborad for higher studies as they will be able to get the best quality education in India,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17122153", "title": "Youth celebrating wedding date atop building falls to death", "text": "MUMBAI: A 22-year-old youth who was scheduled to get married next month allegedly fell to his death from an under-construction building in Nalasopara (W). The incident took place on Monday night when the victim, Aslam Shaikh, decided to celebrate the finalization of the wedding date with his friends.Shaikh met his friends in the evening and decided to consume alcohol on the fifth floor of an under-construction building in Yeshwant Gavrav building number 3 Nalasopara (W) at around 10.30 pm. After they began the celebrations, Shaikh excused himself to answer the nature's call. Within a few seconds, the friends heard a loud scream. They found Shaikh lying in the compound of the building. The compound was filled with construction materials.Shaikh was rushed to the hospital but was declared dead before admission.The police registered an accidental death case. The post-mortem report revealed severe head injuries. The body was handed over to the family.who was on a drinking binge with friends to celebrate his wedding next month, allegedly fell to his death from the fifth floor of an under construction building at Nalasopara on Monday night.Aslam Shaikh (22) met up with his friends on Monday evening. He wanted to celebrate the fixing of his nuptials with his fiancee. The friends decided to drink on the fifth floor of the under construction building in Yeshwant Gavrav building number 3 in Nalasopara (west) at around 10.30 pm.While the drinking session was in progress, Shaikh excused himself to answer nature's call. Within a few seconds, the friends heard a loud scream. They found Shaikh lying in the compound of the building. The compound was filled with construction materials. Shaikh was rushed to the hospital but declared dead before admission.The Nalasopara police registered a case of accidental death. The post mortem report revealed severe head injuries. The body was handed over to the family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17123905", "title": "IIM-I faculty reinvents model for country's competitiveness", "text": "INDORE: Country's competitiveness has been researched under sundry management lenses. However, a faculty of Indian Institute of Management, Indore (IIM-I), has reinvented the model for competitiveness of an emerging economy with insights and various opportunities. The new model will help India become competitive in these turbulent times, the faculty says.Prashant Salwan, a faculty of the institute and alumnus of London School of Economics , has conducted a research on effectiveness, strategic nature of policy formulation and implementation. It is first of its kind research and the findings were presented at Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania during an event which witnessed participation of industrialists, management professional, faculty and students from across the world.\"A country's competitiveness measures many factors like effectiveness in providing an environment to its firms for creating and sustaining international competitiveness so as to make it attractive destination for multinational firms, generate employment and provide economic, legal and political stability,\" Salwan said.\"However, the major issue of effectiveness and strategic nature of policy formulation and its implementation has not been discussed so far especially in a democratic country like ours,\" he added.Salwan has studied the competitiveness in manufacturing and service, strategies of multinational and domestic companies and human development index. It has provided a solution to up the country's competitiveness. He concluded that networking various knowledge hubs in India, skill development through public private partnership and resource sharing between clusters and organizations, entrepreneurship development and creating innovation culture in organizations can create, capture and can help in sustaining the country's competitiveness.The report also mentions about how policy makers can use the solutions to develop unique, effective and implementable polices for the country's growth.Salwan said that India has various positive factors like demographic dividends, natural resources, oldest culture, family owned businesses, a double-digit growth rate in manufacturing and service sectors and a self consumption.However, there are several challenges as well. \"Dynamic political and multiple level economic factors make things more difficult in economy like ours. We need to develop entrepreneurship spirit in young minds, and innovation culture in its own domestic companies to remain competitive,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17124454", "title": "Need to identify integrity of wild buffaloes: Expert", "text": "NAGPUR: At a time when the wild buffalo is facing extinction, a key arm of the International Union for Conservation and Nature (IUCN) Species Survival Commission (SSC) is confident of reviving the endangered animal's population.IUCN is already working to protect and conserve nine remaining wild cattle species in Asia including two from India i.e. wild buffalo and gaurs. IUCN's Asia Wild Cattle Specialist Group is one of the over 120 specialist groups of the SSC developed by the IUCN. Its members include biologists, conservationists, and zoo professionals committed to dissemination of information and research of wild cattle species.In an exclusive interview with TOI, James Burton , chairman of the Asia Wild Cattle Specialist Group, called for urgent action to secure future of wild buffaloes, especially in Kolamarka in Gadchiroli where these mammals still exist.\"What to do, and by when will be the focus,\" he said. Burton is in the city for a three-day workshop on wild buffalo organized by the Maharashtra forest department with leading NGOs like Satpuda Foundation and Wildlife Trust of India (WTI) as partners.On IUCN's role, Burton said, \"We will play the role of a facilitator by bringing together stakeholders, NGOs and Chhattisgarh, Maharashtra and Assam to implement an action plan that will be finalized in the workshop.\"\"We have genetic experts like Dr Helen Senn who will work in coordination with experts from Centre for Cellular and Molecular Biology (CCMB) and provide technical support,\" Burton added.In India, wild buffalo is now largely restricted to Assam, Arunachal Pradesh , Chhattisgarh and Maharashtra. In Assam and Arunachal Pradesh, most, if not all, surviving populations are believed to have interbred with domesticated buffaloes, and there may be fewer than 200 truly wild buffaloes left in India.However, Burton is not sure that even the figure of 200 to accurate. \"The biggest problem is that of hybridization. Wild buffalo numbers continue to decline as a result of inbreeding with domestic buffaloes, hunting and habitat loss. As the number is small in Maharashtra and Chhattisgarh, we will solve the problem quickly,\" said Burton.Burton warned that epidemic spreading from domestic livestock may pose a threat, especially given the close overlap of wild buffalo populations and livestock in India. \"We plan to do genetic research to know hybridization in Udanti, Kolamarka and Assam,\" he added.There is urgent need to evaluate the integrity of wild buffalo populations, including those generally taken as being truly wild and those living as wild animals within the native range, using habitat typical of wild animals.Asked whether cloning or captive breeding of wild buffaloes was a solution, Burton said there can be no single solution to save the species. \"Cloning involves risks while captive breeding will depend on how fast buffaloes breed. We also need coordinated efforts on the boundary,\" he said.Burton was hopeful of reviving wild buffalo numbers in Central India as IUCN has earlier scripted success stories by doing it for vulnerable Arabian Oryx, a medium-sized antelope, and pygmy Hog, a wild pig species in Assam.Burton agreed that despite strategic efforts, funds are an issue. In the past two days, the Maharashtra government looks very serious and positive about protecting the species but the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) should also come forward to support, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17122192", "title": "28% vacancy in malls, rentals may drop: Report", "text": "PUNE: The city's retail market has recorded a vacancy level of 28% in the third quarter of the year on the back of increased supply, real estate advisory Cushman and Wakefield (C&W;) said. In the July-September quarter the city retail space saw regular supply infusion in relatively short span of time, the report said.Pune saw an addition of 160,000 sq ft of new mall supply in the third quarter of 2012, registering an increase of approximately 2%, in mall vacancy to 28%, C&W; said. While transaction activities in malls have been subdued during the quarter, the addition of new mall space is creating a downward pressure on the rentals. MG road saw a decline of 6% in mall rentals over the quarter while rest of the locations saw stable rentals with a downward bias, the report said.Jaideep Wahi, director of Retail Agency at C&W;, said, \"Pune has been witness to excessive retail developments in the last few years which is creating some stress in the market. Due to an oversupply situation, the rentals are holding up precariously, some even operating on threshold price. Thus rentals are expected to remain stable and in certain locations can even correct marginally to ensure retailer interest.\"The rentals on the high street locations of Pune remained stable though no significant transactions were reported in these locations. Wahi said, \"With an expected fresh supply of 700,000 sq ft by the end of the year, Pune's mall rentals are expected to remain under pressure. Since the fresh supply is in Hadapsar, which so far does not have any mall supply, this mall is expected to start operations with better occupancy.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17123641", "title": "England keep fingers crossed ahead of tough spin trial", "text": "AHMEDABAD: England's chances of winning a series in India after 27 years may well hinge on the ability of their middle order to tackle spin.On their part, the hosts have deprived England of a proper taste of tweak in the warm-up games. No quality spinner was played by India A in the tour opener and the second game against Mumbai was played on a batting track.A first look at the pitch for the final warm-up match against Haryana at the Motera B ground, starting from November 8, reveals a considerable cover of grass. It's not what one would expect come the first Test, also at the Motera, from November 15.India have made their intentions clear, having picked three frontline spinners in R Ashwin, Harbhajan Singh and Pragyan Ojha . Then there is the part-time option of Yuvraj Singh, Virender Sehwag, Virat Kohli and Sachin Tendulkar .It will be interesting to see how the likes of Ian Bell, Jonathan Trott, Kevin Pietersen, Eoin Morgan and Matt Prior - all used to playing Graeme Swann, Samit Patel, Monty Panesar &amp; Co - tackle the Indian spin brigade.\"It will be pretty challenging,\" said Bell, one of the better players of spin in the England squad. Bell also revealed that he had been watching a lot of videos of Ashwin while preparing for the tour.\"Ashwin gets a lot of bounce because of his height and he also spins the ball sharply, while Harbhajan has a lot of control in his bowling.\"They both have variations too. Bhajji has the doosra and Ashwin bowls the carrom ball. So it will be very important to focus on each and every ball,\" said Bell, adding: \"Footwork is of massive importance. You either play full forward or right back. There are no half measures.\"Watching DravidThe England players are also watching videos of Rahul Dravid to learn how to play spin correctly. \"We are going through videos to analyse how Rahul Dravid had played spin, used his feet and utilized the depth of the crease to defend and attack,\" Bell said.The Englishmen, meanwhile, are trying to make the best of whatever opportunity they get.Matt Prior said, \"It was a bit of a shock initially (not seeing a spinner in the first warm-up match). But it's okay. Yuvraj bowled quite a few overs, Suresh Raina too bowled some. We are trying to utilize whatever opportunities we get.\"Morgan added: \"No matter what kind of wickets they give us for the practice matches, I believe the pitches for the Tests will be spinner friendly. We are preparing as much as possible. Our stay in Dubai before coming here will help us.\"Trott, on his part, said Ashwin could be a bigger threat as he can extract a \"lot more turn and bounce from the wicket\" .Sweep attackEngland have two of the best sweepers in the game in the backroom staff in coaching director Andy Flower and batting coach Graham Gooch .It won't be very surprising if the visiting batsmen resort to the sweep shot more often than not to tackle India's spinners.Trott, though, said that there were no specific instructions from the coaching duo on the application of that particular 'survival' shot.On the use of the sweep shot, Prior said, \"It depends on the batsmen and the bowler he is up against. If he feels that he is comfortable playing the sweep shot to negate spinners, then he may as well employ that. But, personally, I feel that any shot selection should depend on the merit of the ball.\"TWEAK LINKSEngland have struggled against quality spin over the past one year, with the exception of two Tests against Sri Lanka - one at home and one away - in which they managed comprehensive wins. They were woeful against Pakistan in the UAE. Here's a detailed look...2011 VS SRI LANKA (IN ENGLAND)1st Test: England win by innings and 14 runsJonathan Trott 203, Alastair Cook 133, Ian Bell 103. Sri Lanka arrived with a good spin attack, led by Rangana Herath and Ajanta Mendis. However, they had no chance on tracks that assisted pace and seam and lost badly.2nd Test: Match drawnMatt Prior 126 &amp; 106, Alastair Cook 96. Sri Lanka's improved batting in the second Test ensured a draw.Third Test: Match drawnIan Bell 1192011-12 VS PAKISTAN (IN UAE)1st Test: England lose by 10 wicketsSaeed Ajmal picked up a match-winning haul of seven wickets in the first innings. The first Test was only the beginning of a very disastrous campaign for England, who completely failed to read Ajmal throughout.2nd Test: England lose by 72 runsAbdur Rehman picked up six wickets in the second innings, replacing Ajmal as the wrecker-in-chief for Pakistan.3rd Test: England lose by 71 runsThe pain finally ended with Pak spinners giving England a lot more trouble in the third Test to make a clean sweep.2011-12 VS SRI LANKA (IN SRI LANKA)1st Test: England lose by 75 runsRangana Herath picked up a match haul of 12 wickets for Lanka. England failed to read Herath, Mendis and Lakmal.2nd Test: England win by 8 wicketsThe grand comeback. Riding on a massive 151 from Kevin Pietersen and 94 from Alastair Cook, England showed great improvement playing a quality spin attack in Lanka's den.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17124338", "title": "BEST staffers threaten stir from tomorrow", "text": "MUMBAI: Commuters may be in for a tough time as BEST employees, especially drivers and conductors, have threatened to launch an agitation from Thursday morning if the issue of Diwali bonus is not resolved by Wednesday evening. More than 40 lakh passengers , including those to travel by AC buses, depend on BEST for their daily commute.Said BEST committee member Suhas Samant, who is also a Shiv Sena union leader , \"We have had enough. The issue of Diwali bonus was raised before BEST general manager Om Prakash Gupta during Tuesday's meeting. But he refused our request and said the administration would not be able to give a single paisa as bonus. We are now issuing a deadline of Wednesday evening, by which the issue has to be resolved. If this does not happen, we will agitate aggressively from Thursday.\"While the exact nature of the protest is yet to be spelled out, sources say sources say the aggrieved staffer may take to the streets on Thursday.BEST workers' union leader Sharad Rao whose outfit has teamed up with the Sena on the issue, has also threatened to protest.Samant said Sena CEO Uddhav Thackeray, who was discharged from hospital on Tuesday evening, has decided to take up the workers' issue. \"We are hopeful that the bonus will be announced on Wednesday .\" But Gupta said they were \"struggling to pay salaries\" . \"How can you expect BEST, which has huge debts, to give bonus to its employees?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17123982", "title": "Indore Development Authority to hand over Bus Rapid Transit System to Indore Municipal Corporation by December end", "text": "INDORE: After facing criticism for a long time for inconvenience to public due to construction and delay in completion of Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) corridor, Indore Development Authority (IDA) has decided to hand over the BRTS to Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) by the end of December. The civic body is looking after the construction of bus stops and proposed foot over bridges.BRTS was expected to be completed by August 2009, but it has seen a delayed of more than three years.\"Our job -- to construct road for BRTS -- is almost over and the remaining work will be completed in next one month. We are planning to hand over BRTS corridor to IMC by December end,\" said CEO of IDA, Deepak Singh. He added that the construction of bus stops and foot over bridges is the responsibility of IMC and AICTCL is responsible for operation of bus service on BRTS.Singh added that construction of road is almost over. The remaining work is held up due to non-removal of religious places. IDA, however, is confident that it will construct road and install railing by the end of the year. \"Installation of railing from LIG to Palasia is remaining and it will be completed within a month,\" said he.On tweaking the design of BRTS, Singh said the cycle track near bus stand between LIG Crossing and Geeta Bhavan Crossing will be merged. \"On 60 meter stretch of the BRTS there are three lanes for motor vehicles and in 30 meter section there are only two lanes of motor vehicles. Bus lane at bus stops swells and it will be only one lane for motor vehicles in 30 meter section. Thus we have decided to merge cycle track with motor vehicle lane near bus stand in 30 meter section,\" said Singh. He added that poles need to be shifted and concrete road will be constructed over storm water line in between motor vehicle lane and cycle track to merge the both.He added that there will be six bus stops on 30 meter section of BRTS and cycle track will be merged with motor vehicle lane at six places.On construction of foot over bridges, Singh said it will be constructed near bus stops and it will be constructed on Built or Transfer (BoT) basis. But all the bus stops, 20 on BRT corridor, will not be having foot over bridge. \"Foot over bridges will be constructed at only those bus stops where traffic will be heavy, possibly at 10 places,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17121765", "title": "Final touches to cyber security infrastructure in the works", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government is giving final touches to an elaborate cyber security infrastructure wherein the proposed overarching body, National Cyber Security Coordinator (NSCS), will act as the main edifice for securing cyber systems, supported by four pillars \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the National Technical Research Organisation (NTRO) along with constituent National Critical Information and Infrastructure Protection Centre (NCIIPC), the Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT-In) and the ministry of defence (MoD).While the CERT-In, located within the department of information technology, will take charge of assessing cyber threats and protecting systems in public as well as private sector, especially in crucial areas like civil aviation, power and oil refineries, the NTRO, along with NCIIPC, will devise strategies and technical solutions to protect critical infrastructure like atomic and space stations, intelligence/police systems and nuclear facilities. The MoD will be handling cyber security of defence systems at Army, Air Force and Navy installations, possibly through the defence intelligence agency (DIA) and the DRDO.NSCS, the umbrella body proposed for coordinating the efforts of the NTRO, CERT-In, NCIIPC and MoD, will ensure that there is no overlapping in jurisdiction and functioning of the four agencies. The delineation in work of these agencies is considered crucial to an effective cyber security plan.The Cabinet note for creation of the NSCS and extending legal backup to the proposed arms of the cyber security infrastructure has been finalized and may be put up for Cabinet approval soon. The new cyber security network will not only involve protection of government systems but also guard against cyber threats to private industry, especially in sensitive sectors like civil aviation, power and oil. The public-private sector cooperation to ensure security of their computers networks and systems is essentially an initiative of national security advisor (NSA).Only recently, deputy NSA Vijay Latha Reddy had taken a close look at government-industry partnership in countering cyber challenges, and came up with a host of recommendations including setting up of institutional mechanisms and putting in place appropriate policy and legal frameworks to ensure compliance with cyber security efforts. Other recommendations of the Reddy-headed joint working group for cyber security cooperation were building capacity to overcome shortage of cyber security professionals, defining security standards and guidelines for high-risk sectors in both public and private sectors; making cyber security audit mandatory under the Companies Act and establishment of an independent government certification body for IT products.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17124444", "title": "Symposium deliberates pro-environment scientific growth", "text": "NAGPUR: With the rapid leaps that scientific advances have taken in the recent years, more attention has been drawn towards making science and environmental sustainability to go hand in hand. Some of the best brains of the city's scientific fraternity discussed their areas of expertise at a two-day symposium organized by city chapter of Indian Science Congress Association (ISCA).From the country's ubiquitous success in the form of White and Green revolution and the upcoming Blue revolution (to conserve water) to harnessing the clean nuclear sources to generate energy and using simulation tools in research, all the aspects that would help take India's progress further were discussed during the symposium.To mark the centenary year of its existence, city branch of ISCA had organized the symposium, which started on Tuesday, with focus on the association's central theme, 'Science for Shaping the Future of India'. General secretaries of ISCA Vijay Laxmi Saxena and Manoj Kumar Chakraborty traced the history and activities of the organization.Vice chancellor of Nagpur University Vilas Sapkal and his counterpart from Amravati University Mohan Kedkar spoke about the importance of research in academic institute and simulation technology. Scientists from reputed organizations like National Environmental Engineering Research Institute, Atomic Minerals Directorate for Exploration and Research, Manganese Ore India Limited were the other faculties.NEERI principal scientist PS Dutt told the participants how it was possible to balance environment with progress. Amit Majumdar, regional director of AMD spoke about the need to generate energy from cleaner sources like nuclear and how the waste generated during the process can be managed. DGM of MOIL Ganesh Manekar presented several case studies wherein mining was done without causing harm to the environment.An interesting comparison between the perception and development of science in the ancient and modern ages was done by CS Warnekar, former principal of Cummins College, Pune. He pointed out how Sanskrit was seen as the ideal language for computer programming and that the grammar of Indian languages was very similar to the computer codes. Agriculture expert, BS Phadnaik explained the development and further course of action in the field of agriculture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17122972", "title": "Sector 22 gets its own community centre", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Now that the Chandigarh Municipal Corporation has completed construction of a community centre in Sector 22, people here will be able to organize marriages and other functions in the locality. Local MP and Union minister of railways Pawan Kumar Bansal will inaugurate the building on Sunday. Built over two acres, the community centre has a big hall, lawn and rooms that can accommodate 350 to 500 strong gatherings. Other facilities include gymnasium, library, table tennis room, TV room and badminton court besides parking for around 50 vehicles.The community centre will also house the Sampark Centre project to facilitate payment of bills. Around Rs 1.5 crore have been spent on the project. Vishal Gupta, executive engineer of the MC's engineering wing said, \"We have completed the work and have provided all the facilities to hold any function. The venue can also be used for recreational activities.\"The demand for a community centre has been a longstanding one.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "17123145", "title": "Labourers seek reopening of locked sponge iron plant", "text": "KEONJHAR: The Keonjhar district committee of CITU has demanded immediate reopening of the Orissa Sponge Iron Ltd (OSIL) here, which is Asia's first sponge iron plant.The Orissa Sponge Iron Employees' Union, backed by the CITU, has said in a press release that thousands of labourers have lost their jobs and living a distressed life owing to declaration of the lock out. \"The declaration is undemocratic and against the labourers' interest,\" it added.The plant was established 30 years ago by an individual industrialist with financial support from the state government. Sources said it was facing severe financial crisis at present. The management declared lock out on October 10, 2012 without any labour dispute, which was unethical, the committee said in a press release.The committee alleged that operation at the plant was closed since July 17, 2012, despite availability of raw material, electricity, coal and labour force. \"The company claims that it has lost nearly Rs 150 crore in the past three years. That means it has earned profits for the rest 27 years. Hence the lock out declaration is unreasonable,\" labourers argued.They have also criticized the state government for failing to allot mines to such an old plant of the state.Manjushree Das, head of personnel and administration of OSIL, said, \"Despite huge loss and closure of the plant, we are paying all the dues of the workers. We were forced to declare lock out when workers staged an illegal strike, to check law and order problems. The plant will be reopened once the financial condition improves.\"S N Swain, district labour officer, Keonjhar, said, \"We are trying to solve the dispute through conciliation. If the labourers and the company fail to reach a solution, the court will decide the legality of worker's strike and 'lock out'.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17122645", "title": "Long period of separation enough ground for divorce: HC", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan High Court on Tuesday turned down the request of a woman, who lived separately from her husband for 15 years, that she shall be allowed to live with him again. The court, while granting divorce to her doctor husband after 18 years of litigation, said that her demand leads to the obvious conclusion that she has had resolved to live in agony only to make the life a miserable one.The observation of the division bench comprising Justice Dalip Singh and Justice Meena V Gomber came while rejecting an appeal filed by a woman, Rekha, a law graduate, against the decree of divorce granted by family court no. 2, Jaipur in favour of her husband holding her guilty of committing cruelty.The husband, Mohanlal Wadhwani, a doctor working at SMS Hospital, got married to Rekha in 1994. The marriage was short lived and within two years, they started living separately.However, the two parties reached a compromise in 2000 and a son was born to them in April 2001. They again got separated in 2002 and remained so ever since.\"When the husband approached the family court for divorce in 1995, he along with his relatives were booked in false cases under Section 498 A and 406 of IPC for dowry demand, resulting in his arrest and harassment of his relatives,\" said Lalit Sharma, counsel for husband.Referring to various judgments of Supreme Court, the high court said, \"The parties in the entire marriage life of more than 18 years have lived separately for more than 15 years. Even this long period of separation has not resulted in any re-thinking or remorseness on the part of either of the parties and their bitterness towards each other continued.\"Refusing to interfere with the finding of cruelty against wife by the family court, Justice Dalip Singh in the judgment held: \"The cruelty alleged may largely depend upon the type of life the parties are accustomed to or their economic and social conditions. It may also depend upon their culture and human values. We, the judges and lawyers, therefore, should not import our own notions of life. There may be a generation gap between us and the parties.\"\"Upholding the decree of divorce, the bench observed: \"The essence of marriage is sharing of a common life, a sharing of all the happiness which life has to offer and all the misery that has to be faced in life. Since this is missing in the present case, it is a fit case for divorce. It is also a case of irretrievable breakdown of marriage which only aggravate the cruelty being faced by the spouse.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17123414", "title": "Nishan remanded in judicial custody", "text": "Nishan Singh, the prime accused in the abduction case of a minor girl, was remanded in judicial custody by a court in Faridkot on Tuesday. Meanwhile, the court has reserved its decision on police request of conducting his DNA test. The girl, who was made to go undergo a medical examination recently, has been found to be pregnant. She is at present lodged in Jalandhar-based Nari Niketan.Counsel can meet Sarabjit: Pakistan government has allowed Awais Sheikh, counsel of Indian prisoner Sarabjit Singh , to meet his client in Kot Lakhpat jail. Sheikh told TOI on Tuesday that in compliance of the Lahore high court orders, the government of Punjab has allowed him to meet Sarabjit on November 10 at 11am in the presence of jail superintendent, representative of special branch of Punjab police and counter terrorism department.Wrong lane driving kills 2 bikers: Two youths on a motorbike were killed after a collision with MUV on late Monday night on Sangrur-Barnala highway. The car occupants fled, leaving behind the \"killer\" vehicle which was being driven in the wrong lane. The victims, identified as Lovepreet, 17, and Rinku Walia, 22, were returning to Sangrur from Gurdwara Mastuana Sahib. While Rinku died on the spot, Lovepreet was declared brought dead by doctors at Sangrur civil hospital, said Badrukhan police post in charge Gurmail Singh.Chaudhary is DGHS Haryana: With the health secretary faced with contempt proceedings in the Punjab and Haryana high court, the Haryana government finally promoted Dr Satvir Chaudhary, the director health services to the post of director general health services on Monday evening. In a notification issued from the office of governor, Chaudhary's promotion takes effect from May 5, this when his junior Dr D P Lochan was promoted as DGHS, bringing Chaudhary's year-long battle to an end. The cause of action began on October 4 last year when Chaudhary, senior-most medico of the Haryana civil medical services was denied promotion to the top post.LPG sale in black market; 1 held: Barinderpal alias Sonu of Amarpura was arrested for selling cylinders in black and refilling them at inflated prices. Police recovered 17 LPG cylinders from the possession of the accused. Sources said Barinderpal not only sold LPG cylinders for Rs 1,100 but also used to refill cylinders illegally for an exorbitant amount. By the time the police conducted a raid and recovered 17 cylinders, Barinderpal had already sold seven cylinders for Rs 1,100 each. However, the police recovered 11 connection copies from the accused.Two arrested with 200g heroin: Police arrested two persons - Ashok Sharma of Samrala and Nirmal Singh of Bhamia Kalan - with 200g heroin on Monday night during a routine check on Ludhiana-Chandigarh Road. The accused have been booked under sections 22, 61 and 85 of the NDPS Act. They told the police they had procured the heroin from Amritsar for selling it at profit in Ludhiana and nearby areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17121490", "title": "Trust denies expansion of Bhagyalakshmi temple", "text": "HYDERABAD: Trustees of the Bhagyalakshmi temple in the Old City, currently caught in the midst of a communal tension, said on Tuesday they were only replacing worn-out bamboo structures with new ones ahead of the festive season. and were against violence at a time when authorities are strengthening security to thwart any violence.Temple trustees say the controversial structure is nothing more than a space for devotees to conglomerate, especially on the occasion of Diwali. \"Our family has been managing the temple operations for decades now. We are the fourth generation that has taken up the reins of the religious structure,\" claims Sasikala, one of the five trustees of the temple. \"Each time there is damage to the bamboo structure we replace it. It is an ongoing process,\" she said.Communal tension has triggered at Charminar and adjoining areas over rumours that the temple authorities were expanding the existing premises, fuelling fears of damage to the historic Charminar.Hyderabad MP Asaduddin Owasi has alleged that government inaction, mainly by the police was responsible for the communal tension over the past few days, which has seen stray incidents of stabbing in the area, while the high court ordered a status quo on any expansion of the Charminar temple.Old timers say the existing temple structure was erected along the eastern side of the iconic Charminar and its doors opened to devotees from around the area in the late 1960s. While the temple took a physical form only 50-odd years ago, folklore has it that a holy stone (more like a milestone) had been laid at the same site several years ago, most likely during the Quli Qutub Shah period. Laced with 'haldi' and 'kumkum', the stone soon came to be 'idolized' as a symbol of prosperity by Hyderabadis.Academician Anand Raj Varma said communal tension over the temple had also evoked in the past after the stone was replaced with an idol of Lakshmi and a temporary shed built to give it the feel of a temple. \"Even then, tension prevailed in the area. But it was way milder than what we are seeing now,\" Varma adds.Many contradict the popular version of the age-old narrative and maintain that the temple had no existence of any sorts, until just a few decades back. Claims about it being as old as the Charminar too are completely 'baseless', they insist. \"It was unnecessarily erected by some locals. There was nothing at the site before that,\" argues historian Narender Luther.With prominent parties in the area battling to keep their flags flying high, structures like the Bhagyalakshmi temple have become weapons of attack and retaliation, they explain.The conflicts over its foundation notwithstanding, observers agree that the temple has been damaged many times over during the communal unrest of the 1970s. It is for this reason, they note, the area is flooded with heavy security each time a religious event unfolds in this part of town. \"It has turned into an epicenter of 'demonstrative' politics over time,\" say analysts closing following the developments over the last few days.But now, the trust says it might move the court to resolve the issue at the earliest. \"We have thousands of people come in for 'Dhanteras' to the temple. Each one is given a coin for prosperity that day. We have to resolve the issue at any cost before that day,\" Sasikala added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17122621", "title": "Deepa diktat on funds leaves KMC jittery", "text": "KOLKATA: Several big infrastructure projects in Kolkata could land in trouble if Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) fails to take up a revenue augmentation programme.The new minister of state for urban development, Deepa Das Munshi, has made it clear that KMC will have to abide by the rules to get fresh funds from the Centre to develop the city's infrastructure under the Jawaharlal Nehru Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) project.The KMC authorities were supposed to get Rs 1,000 crore from the Centre for which the union urban development ministry had asked the civic body to prepare a project report and send it by the end of this year.Former union minister of state, Sougata Roy, had promised to look into the needs of the KMC in taking up infrastructure projects in Kolkata with the Centre's financial assistance and thus the civic body had not faced any problems then.However, Deepa has said that KMC - like all other major civic bodies - needs to take up financial reforms to augment its revenue and achieve self reliance. \"Among the parameters of financial reforms, water tax and a unit area method for determining property tax has to be introduced to augment revenue,\" she said.With the Union minister categorically underlining the rule, a section of KMC officials are now trying to place certain infrastructure projects under central government schemes other than the JNNURM.A senior official of the KMC water supply department said that a major water supply modernization project worth Rs 100 crore for Palta water treatment plant would be placed under National Ganga River Basin Authority project to bypass stringent rules that guide the JNNURM projects.\"We need to save the shore of Hooghly river from where we draw raw water for the Palta water treatment plant. Earlier, we had thought of placing the project under the JNNURM. Then we decided that in case the Centre disapproves the project citing lack of revenue augmentation projects in Kolkata, we would place it under some other projects being funded by the Centre,\" he added.Some other projects which could be shelved or get delayed if the Centre refuses funds are the construction of a water treatment plant at Garden Reach, laying of water pipelines on EM Bypass and to cater to lakhs of residents on both sides of the arterial roadproduction of potable water at Dhapa water treatment plant.Other notable projects include the ongoing Rs 500 crore sewerage upgradation project. Some installments of funds from the Centre are yet to come for this project which has missed several deadlines in the past five years. The second phase of beautification of the BBD Bag can also be hit.\"We have completed the first phase of the beautification project placed under the JNNURM quite successfully. Now we doubt if the second phase can be done trouble-free,\" said a KMC civil engineering department official.Mayor Sovan Chatterjee, however, felt that the KMC was successfully passing through revenue reforms and there was no need to panic for loss of funds from the Centre.\"We have undertaken revenue augmentation as directed by the Union urban development ministry. I don't think there is any reason for apprehension that we may lose funds from the Centre,\" he said.Several big infrastructure projects in Kolkata could land in trouble if the Kolkata Municipal Corporation fails to take up a revenue augmentation programme. The KMC authorities were supposed to get Rs 1,000 crore from the Centre for which the union urban development ministry had asked the civic body to prepare a detail project report and send it by this year end. Former union minister of state Sougata Roy had promised to look into the needs of the KMC in taking up infrastructure upgradation projects in Kolkata with the Centre's financial assistance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17123011", "title": "Experts dwell upon pros and cons of radiation", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Members of the Indian Association of Radiological Technologists, a national body, organised the radiation awareness programme ahead of World Radiography Day on Tuesday. Experts discussed the beneficial and harmful effects of radiation with students at St Soldiers and Saupins school.Elaborating on nuclear power projects in India and abroad and differences in approach to nuclear power, national council member Laxmi Kant Tewari said repeated exposure to X-ray and CT scans should be justified and explained.Neeraj Parihar from IGMC, Shimla , underlined the need to explore beneficial uses of radiation but pointed out that Kerala and Chennai have the highest level of exposure to background radiation. A Continuing Medical Education Programme (CME) on Radiation Protection &amp; Quality Control will be organized at Law Bhawan in Sector 37 on Thursday. Speakers from Mumbai, Bangalore, Delhi and Mumbai will participate in the CME.World Radiography Day is organized on November 8 in memory of Sir W C Roentgen, who discovered the X-ray.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17123948", "title": "JSS University, US varsities to develop new drugs", "text": "MYSORE: For research and training in molecular pharmacology, and for the development of new drugs, JSS University signed an MoU with Penn State University (USA) on Tuesday. The MoU was signed during the Indo-US symposium on 'Molecular Pharmacology and Applied Therapeutics'. JSS University vice-chancellor Suresh Bhojaraj and Penn University's Dr Mailamn did the honours.Explaining the understanding of the two universities, Bhojaraj said that discovery of a drug is a mammoth task which requires billions of funds, hard work of over 12-13 years, and human resources.\"R&D; takes time to discover a drug. Once done, there is again difficulty in price regulation. The MoU helps us share ideas with Penn University which has better infrastructure and other facilities to formulate new drugs. We will be partners in development.\" \"India's young minds can invent drugs. If not now, there will be some drugs for hazardous diseases later,\" he hoped.Penn State College of Medicine professor and College of Medicine senior scholar Richard B Mailman said primarily, the MoU is a three-year agreement which will be renewed.During the course of time, idea-exchange programme will be conducted. Medicinal plants will be taken for the development of new drugs.The universities will develop drugs to cure Parkinson's, Alchemizer, neurology, cancer , diabetes , cardiac and psychiatry- related diseases, Mailman said.\"Penn University researchers recently discovered a new drug that may revolutionize remedy for Parkinson's and cognitive deficits,\" he claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17123065", "title": "Panjab University students on hunger strike", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Two Panjab University students are sitting on hunger strike outside the office of the vice-chancellor, with many others demonstrating with empty vessels as a mark of support and outrage at the hike in prices of food.Students alleged that prices of both food products and beverages have been increased by nearly Rs 10. \"PU authorities have hiked food prices by Rs 6 per meal in hostel messes,\" Sunny Mehta, national delegate of National Students' Union of India said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17123977", "title": "Expect less loud bang this diwali", "text": "INDORE: Inflation seems to have taken a toll on the firecracker business in city. Sale of firecrackers has plummeted by 25% as per the calculations done by local traders.\"It's the inflation that is resulting in less sale of firecrackers this year. I am into the business of firecrackers for the past 15 years, and have never witnessed such a dip in the market. Sales have gone down by 20-25 %\" said a firecracker retailer in Rajwada, Jamunadas Bhajnani.Another retailer there Kishore Bhimwani opined, \"I am into this business for the past eight years, and haven't seen the sales going so low before. We have witnessed a dip of around 20% in sales.\"Not just the retailers, even the wholesalers are finding it tough to ensure the reach of their products to the market.Mahesh Yadwani said, \"I was taking a nap before you came here. Never in the past, we had this much time to relax during Diwali, season. Inflation and the fire incident at Shivkasi, from where we get our 90 % supplies from, have affected our business badly this year.\"Another wholesaler there Sanjay Choudhary also blamed inflation for the less sale. \"Because of the inflation, people are shying away from splurging on firecrackers this year. Shopkeepers are bound to suffer this festive season if the trend continued.\"However, green activists are exhilarated over the new trend.\"I am very happy to know that there will be less firecracker selling this year. It will assure less noise and air pollution,\" said Narendra Surana.\" However, inflation can cause dip in sales only for sometime. Situation will be back to square one in a couple of years. People at large need to understand the repercussions of use of firecracker and avoid its use in future as well,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "17123333", "title": "Minor quake jolts Kangra; no loss of life", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: A month after giving sleepless nights to the residents, tremors were felt again in Kangra district, on late Tuesday evening.The quake measuring 3.6 on the Richter scale jolted the area at 5.51pm and lasted for five seconds. However, no loss of life and property was reported from anywhere in the area.R S Negi, scientist of geological department at Naddi, said the epic centre of the earthquake was Kangra valley.Earlier, in September, four minor jolts had rocked this valley. Though, the area falls in the most sensitive zone, the repeated quakes have left the residents tense. In October, too, the hill state had experienced two slight intensity quakes within a short span of five hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17122874", "title": "Quality stamp for first city school", "text": "KOLKATA: The Future Foundation School has become the first school in Kolkata to get the seal of approval from the National Accreditation Board for Education and Training (Nabet). Only 50 other schools across the country have got the coveted certification that is the brainchild of former President APJ Abdul Kalam .School principal Ranjan Mitter announced this on Tuesday in the presence of CISCE chairman Father Jose Aikara. \"So far, we had the trust of parents and our academic success as the yardsticks. But now we have a new measure of students' and parents' satisfaction and also the effectiveness of our own systems. It will help us structure and document our data better and improve communication,\" said Mitter. Being certified by such a body helps gauge the quality of a school, said Father Aikara said.Nabet is the accreditation arm for schools and comes under the Quality Council of India - an autonomous body set up by the Union government and the Indian industry to promote quality. A Nabet certification is a stamp of endorsement for every employee and every school process - from the principal to the gardener, and from teaching and learning to outsourced services like school canteen and the carpool, said headmistress Sharmila Bose. The closest parallel is the NAAC-accreditation of colleges.Nabet certification means that a school adheres to all norms of quality, Nabet assistant director Sushma Malik told TOI. \"It helps strengthen processes in schools. The aim is to bring quality education to meet the expectations of the stakeholders (parents and students),\" she said.Future Foundation School went through a rigorous two-year process of mentoring and inspections before it got the grade. The teachers went through peer evaluation and were trained in new methods of documentation, including innovative ways of building and recording lesson plans. The Nabet team put every school process under the scanner - from the faculty and the teaching processes to fire safety, evacuation training, hygiene, the quality of food in the canteen, how green is the campus, and even whether the carpools are up to the mark. The parents were also involved - their feedback to the Nabet inspectors was one of the key elements.\"We had special training sessions every three months,\" said a teacher. \"Every person's role and responsibility in the school has now been fixed. This will help streamline processes,\" said Bose.Five other schools from Kolkata are getting the certification, said Malik. Thousands of schools have applied for the certification, including four more from Kolkata, she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17122502", "title": "Smog thickens, to clear from Thursday", "text": "NEW DELHI: Belying expectations, the smog intensified in the capital on Tuesday afternoon and Met officials say that it will now only start clearing from Thursday. Centre for Science and Environment (CSE) has said that though Delhi is used to such winter smog, this year's haze has been particularly severe because pollution levels in the city have gone up manifold - particulate matter (PM10) levels have increased by 47% between 2000 and 2011, while nitrogen dioxide has gone up by 57%.The smog set in on October 28 and has managed to stump everyone. Initially the Met department had said that it would last for no longer than a week but for reasons not identified, it has persisted and in fact worsened over the days.\"The condition had started improving in the morning and general visibility improved to around 1,200m by 2 pm. However, there was a sudden change in the situation and dense smog settled over the city once again. With no change in climatic conditions, we are expecting the smog to remain on Wednesday too but model show that winds of speed 20-25 kmph will pick up by Thursday that will help in moving the settled pollution particles and clear the air,\" said R K Jenamani, director in-charge, IGI Met.CSE, which studied the current smog condition, said that such smog is common is Delhi during winter months \"but this year's haze has been particularly severe because pollution levels in the city have gone up manifold\". It has shared data that shows levels of PM10 have gone up from 191 mg/cu m in 2000 to 281 mg/cu m in 2011. In the same period, nitrogen dioxide levels increased from 41.8 mg/cu m to 66 mg/cu m.Arguing that it is Delhi's massive vehicular number that is leading to its worsening environmental levels, CSE says: \"Data from the Delhi Pollution Control Committee in different localities shows that pollution levels go up significantly during peak traffic hours compared to off-peak hours. For instance, in RK Puram, Mandir Marg and Civil Lines, both PM2.5 and oxides of nitrogen (NOx) concentrations are high during peak hours. Pollution levels are extremely high in Anand Vihar which witnesses very heavy traffic due to a lot of inter-state movement of vehicles and in Civil Lines, PM2.5 levels are very high even during night, possibly due to the movement of goods traffic.\"Dr Milap Punia, associate professor at JNU's Centre for the Study of Regional Development says other than Delhi's in situ pollution, the SCIAMACHY satellite sensor on board Envisat found very high levels of NO2 which are also a result of industrial activity in NCR towns like Ghaziabad, Noida and Faridabad.Anumita Roychowdhury, associate director of CSE said that it was time for Delhi to implement its second generation reforms for air pollution. \"The market share of diesel cars is close to 60%. Even the so-called 'clean' diesel running on fuel with 50 ppm of sulphur allows higher limits for NOx and particulate emissions compared to petrol cars. Delhi is also taking a long time to scale up its public transport system,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17122523", "title": "Temple camel tortured: Men drive copper wire through nose", "text": "CHENNAI: Nachi, a 13-year-old camel, had her nose pierced at the Ramanujar temple in Sriperumbudur, around 50km from the city, on Tuesday in the painful way. It was to help people lead her in a procession.While the piercing itself wasn't unusual, the method adopted was shocking. Nachi was chomping through a bunch of neem leaves when four men, including a veterinarian, brought her down using ropes A 'medicated copper wire' was inserted through her nose and tightened with pliers before a rope was passed through it.Nachi kept groaning through the 45-minute ordeal but the four men managed to keep her immobile. \"Without the noose, we can't take her out,\" said Sridhar, the caretaker. At the end, the vet poured disinfectant over the wound. It was not the first 'experience' for Nachi. Dr T Krishnan, the veterinarian, said: \"The noose came off some 10 days ago. We removed the previous scab before the piercing on Tuesday.\"Other veterinarians say nose-piercing should be done only on young animals. \"At that age, there is only a cartilage. For an adult, there should be a consensus on whether a sedative should be administered or not,\" said a government veterinary doctor not wanting to be named.The vet in Sriperumbudur didn't even consider using sedatives. \"The procedure is elaborate and the sedative costs 200. We cannot afford it,\" he said.A 15-year-old elephant, Kodhai, a few head of cattle and horses were the other animals near the temple. The rules say elephants should be kept on sand, but Kodhai stood in a small concrete enclosure with very little space for her to move. \"Assuming it is hygienic, many caretakers put animals in concrete casing. This actually leads to injuries to the animals,\" said the government doctor.Justifying the 'operation' on Nachi, Parthasarathy, the priest in-charge, said, \"we need these animals to make the gods look majestic while out on a procession.\"Officials from the Hindu Religious and Charitable Endowment Department, which manages more than 35,000 temples in the state, said the animals at the Sriperumbudur temple didn't belong to them. \"They were donated by a private trust called 'Sowmiya Arrakatalai'. We cannot take suo motu action against them,\" said Sundaramurthy, assistant commissioner, HR&CE;, Kancheepuram. \"If anyone registers a case with either police or us, we will investigate and punish them,\" he added.Animal welfare experts say such acts can be booked under Section 11 of the Prevention of Cruelty Act. \"The sad part is that the maximum penalty is just 50. It is a shame that this incident happened in a temple of all places,\" S Chinny Krishna, vice-chairman of Animal Welfare Board of India said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17123743", "title": "BJP aims to spoil BS Yeddyurappa's party with December session", "text": "BANGALORE: In a tactful move, the crisisridden BJP has decided to hold the winter session in the new, imposing Suvarna Vidhana Soudha from December 5 to 13. The aim ostensibly is to take the sheen off Yeddyurappa's planned party launch on December 10.\"It will be the first session in the newly constructed complex in Belgaum and we are quite excited about it,'' said primary and secondary education minister Visveshwara Hegde Kageri.The move is seen as a calculated gamble by the anti-Yeddyurappa camp led by chief minister Jagadish Shettar to neutralize the Lingayat strongman's grand plans to launch his new party on December 10. \"The session during that period will ensure that none of the BJP MLAs, MLCs or its ministers will attend the launch of the new political party,'' sources in the BJP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17124406", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation turns a blind eye as manhole remain open for months", "text": "NAGPUR: How much time does it take to close an open manhole? Some would say it shouldn't take more than a day. But for Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC), it may take months.A fresh example is an open manhole in the middle of the road in front of Sadar police station. The manhole cover is missing for nearly two months. This road is important and busy as many state and central government offices and a college is located in the vicinity. Despite this, the open manhole remains unattended exposing the sheer negligence on the part of the NMC, said some motorists.\"Many NMC officials must be using this road daily but none have bothered to get the manhole covered,\" rued motorists.Corporator of Civil Lines ward Deva Usare was unaware of the issue. After being informed by TOI, Usare visited the spot. He too wondered how the manhole could be left uncovered for months.\"A two-wheeler rider fractured his leg,\" claimed the owner of a puncture repair shop. When the incident failed to give the NMC a wake-up call, personnel from Sadar police station erected a barricade with the sign 'work in progress.'.\"We see motorists on the road and it is our responsibility to warn them of this manhole,\" said a cop from the Sadar police station. He also claimed that they too had informed the NMC but nothing was done.Tejinder Singh Renu, a resident of Seminary Hills, said, \"Thank God this spot is adjacent to the Sadar police station. The barricade has helped in avoiding accidents.\"A senior engineer from Dharampeth zone inspected the site and assured to cover the manhole by November 8.\"The question is had the lapse led to a major mishap then who would have been held accountable? When a similar accident happens in a private place, the owner and the contractor are booked. In public places, no one is held responsible. Why different yardsticks for private and public,\" asked another motorist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17124144", "title": "HC orders Muzaffarpur DM to probe intoIndira Awas Yojna funds bungling", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court on Tuesday directed the district magistrate and district development commissioner of Muzaffarpur to consider the applications filed before them for taking action against the mukhiyas and panchayat secretaries concerned for alleged misappropriation of Indira Awas Yojna (IAY) funds in accordance with law.A division bench of Justice T Meena Kumari and Justice Chakradhari Sharan Singh issued the directive while hearing a PIL of an advocate, Sanjeev Kumar , alleging misappropriation of IAY funds in four blocks of Muzaffarpur district by giving money to 260 persons for construction of houses under different names.The petitioner's counsel, Mirgendra Kumar, submitted that the mukhiyas and panchayat secretaries of the concerned panchayats were responsible for disbursal of IAY funds to 260 persons in different names several times.Shahabu case: A single bench of Justice B P Verma on Tuesday passed an order to stay the trial of a criminal case against former Siwan MP, Md Shahabuddin, till November 26, after hearing the state government's revision petition for adding charges under Section 302 IPC for murder of two persons, who were allegedly kidnapped by his goons.In its revision petition, the state government had challenged the order of the additional district and sessions judge 1-cum-special judge, Siwan (jail) court, S K Pandey, who had rejected the petition of the state government for adding the charge of murder with the charges of kidnapping, criminal conspiracy causing disappearance of the bodies of two youths, Girish Kumar and Satish Kumar , in the sessions trial case no. 158/2010 against Shahabuddin.Building construction: A division bench of Justice T Meena Kumari and Justice Chakradhari Sharan Singh, on Tuesday, directed principal secretary, building construction department, to dispose of the representation of the petitioner, Shankar Tiwari, for taking action against the district garden officer, Patna, for misappropriation of funds from April, 2011, to May, 2012.Pleading the PIL, D K Tandon submitted that the officer was delegated the power of drawing and disbursing money for garden development in the city only on May 12, 2012, and before that he had drawn and disbursed more than Rs 1 crore without any delegated power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17122113", "title": "Island Grounds set for cracker of a Diwali", "text": "CHENNAI: A week before Diwali, the 120-odd wholesale and retail shops dotting Parry's Corner have shifted to Island Grounds following a 2009 Madras high court directive. Most shopkeepers and customers are enthusiastic about the change, and customers are flocking to the place in large numbers.The open space is in stark contrast to the narrow lanes of Bunder Street and NSC Bose Road in Parry's Corner. A mind-boggling variety of firecrackers are lined up on the shelves and every shop has its own price list and refreshments for customers.\"Parking arrangements have been made for 3,000 cars and 15,000 motorbikes. Tamil Nadu Fire and Rescue Services personnel and policemen are on the ground. In addition, the roofs have been lined with fireproof tin sheets and fire extinguishers have been provided at the entry and exit gates. There is a food court and joyrides for children,\" said Tamil Nadu Tourism Development Corporation official.Rehman, who owns a shop in Parry's Corner, said he had rented space in Island Grounds for 15 days. \"The rent is 70,000 but the demand is good and I hope to make a profit,\" he said.Another shopkeeper Abdul said, \"Though there has been a 15% to 20% increase in the price of crackers, customers don't mind paying extra for quality products. We hope to do brisk business this year.\"\"I used to go to Parry's to buy crackers but this is far better and the open space seems safer,\" said Shailesh from Saidapet.K Abbas, secretary of Chennai Fireworks Dealers Welfare Association, however, disagrees. \"Any accident at Island Grounds can snowball into a major disaster. At Parry's Corner only a few shops would have been affected by an accident. The rent here is high which makes it difficult for an average shopkeeper to make a profit,\" he said.Firecracker shops in other parts of the city are not covered by the high court directive and it is business as usual for them. Raja, who has been setting up a cracker shop at Muthuswamy Street in T Nagar for 14 years, said business was picking up as Diwali neared.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17123957", "title": "Transferred babus get new postings", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17123279", "title": "2 arrested, stolen Japanese textile machines seized", "text": "LUDHIANA: The police on Tuesday claimed to have arrested two labourers and recovered from their possession 14 Japanese textile machines and their motors that they had stolen from a factory in Industrial Area on October 24. Six of their accomplices are on the run.Additional deputy commissioner of police Nilambari Jagdale said, On a tip-off, Janjir Kumar and Raju Gupta, alias Raju, residents of Bihari colony in Industrial Area, were arrested near their houses on Monday night. The two, along with six of their accomplices Manoj, a driver who owns a Tata 407, Dharminder Chauhan, Sanjay, Raminder Paswan, Arvinder, alias Tamatar, and Sunil Kumar had stolen 22 Japanese textile machines from the factory in Industrial Area A. They had escaped after loading these on Tata 407 on that night. Eight of these machines have been sold.All of them are drug addicts. The other accused will be nabbed soon, she added. Each machine reportedly costs Rs 1 lakh.The accused had stolen 22 Japanese textile machines from the factory in Industrial Area A. Eight of these machines have been sold.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17125435", "title": "Ajith injured during shoot", "text": "Thala had an accident during the shoot of the untitled film directed by Vishnuvardhan in Mumbai. It seems the actor was shooting for a risky fight sequence for the film and his leg got jammed under the car tyre.A close aide to the actor says, \"A small accident happened on the sets of the film. He has a ligament tear. Doctors have asked him to take complete rest for a few days. He might need a small surgery if the pain continues. But Ajith has brushed aside the injury and resumed work in Mumbai. He has ensured that shooting is not stopped at any cost. He is fine now.\" The crew is all praise for Ajith's sheer commitment to work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17122567", "title": "AICC observers' presence in Rajasthan lead to mid-term poll talks", "text": "JAIPUR: The All India Congress Committee (AICC) has sent its observers in Rajasthan to take a feedback on the party's election prospects in the state. As the observers have been asked to prepare reports only on the Lok Sabha constituencies in the state, the Congressmen have begun to take it as the party's preparations for a midterm general election.Congress state president Chandrabhan, though, refrained from commenting if the party was preparing for a mid-term Lok Sabha elections. \"We are always ready to face an election. Mid-term polls should worry the BJP as their leader is 'seasonal' and launches election campaigns after searching for an auspicious day,\" Chandrabhan told reporters on Tuesday.The presence of three AICC observers in the state for the past two days has, nonetheless, generated ripples among the Congress workers who believe the party could be going for the general election and the assembly election simultaneously. AICC observers touring the state include Sadhu Singh Dharamsot, Megh Chand Pandey and Vinod Chaturvedi.Dharamsot, a legislator from Punjab who has lodged at the Circuit House in Jaipur, has been meeting select local Congress leaders since Monday. Jaipur mayor Jyoti Khandelwal was among the party leaders who met him. Dharamsot is currently taking feedbacks on the two Lok Sabha constituencies of Jaipur represented by union minister Lal Chand Kataria and Mahesh Joshi .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17123774", "title": "Man held for sexually abusing minor girl", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 67-year-old man was arrested on Tuesday for sexually abusing a ten-year-old girl at Odanthurai near Mettupalayam.The victim, a class V student at a government school lives with her grandmother at Odanthurai. On Tuesday, around 8 am, the minor girl had gone to pick fire wood near a saw mill before leaving for school. S Akbar Ali, a private security guard at the mill, took the girl into an isolated area and raped her. When the victim returned home crying, her relatives asked her what had happened and she informed them about the crime. The accused was immediately arrested and produced before the Thudiyalur All Women Police Station. Police said they would have the victim examined at the Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) on Wednesday after acquiring permission from a local court.Akbar Ali has two daughters and a son, who are all married. His wife lives at Palani. He has been lodged at Coimbatore central prison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "darjeeling", "code": "17122633", "title": "State promotes Gurung, other GTA members", "text": "DARJEELING: The state government on Tuesday formally upgraded Gorkhaland Territorial Administration (GTA) chief executive Bimal Gurung to the rank of a minister (MIC) of state with independent charges. The governor's office faxed an order to the GTA and the Darjeeling district administration apprising the state government's decision.\"At present, I am on an official tour in Delhi and have not got hold of the state government order. But yes, the GTA chief executive has been promoted to the status of MIC of state,\" Darjeeling DM and chief principal secretary to the GTA Saumitra Mohan said.GTA deputy chief executive Colonel (retired) Ramesh Allay has been made the minister of state (MOS) while the GTA Sabha chairman Pradeep Pradhan has been conferred the rank of a deputy minister.\"It is a protocol status that has been given to us by the state government as we did not have any so far in spite of being GTA members. This is a welcome decision,\" said one of the members on condition of anonymity. Fourteen executive members of the GTA have also been upgraded and given the rank of secretaries to the state government.In fact, the GTA members believe that with the official status could be helpful while attending meetings with the state and central governments over development issues. \"Our words will now have more weightage. So far we attended meetings with the government only as a political entity that had its limitations in regard to reasoning our demands,\" pointed out a senior member.The GTA member pointed out the order was to be implemented with immediate effect: \"The order has come from the governor's office which mentions that it should be come into immediate effect.\"The GTA was formed in July 18 last year after four years of intense agitation for a separate state. However, the GTA members including the chief executive were sworn in by Bengal chief minister Mamata Benerjee in August this year in a ceremony in Darjeeling.Presently, there are fifty members in the GTA of which forty-five are elected, while five have been nominated by the Governor. The Darjeeling Gorkha Hill Council (DGHC) which was formed in 1988 had 28 councilors headed by a chairman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17124421", "title": "Man dies in road accident", "text": "GURGAON: A man was killed in an accident when a pick-up jeep rammed a Swift car near the Power Grid in Sector 44. A woman, who was with the victim in the car, was seriously injured and taken to Max hospital. Her condition remains critical.Sushant Lok police have lodged an FIR on the basis of the statement of the victim's brother against the jeep driver, who managed to flee from the spot.The victim was identified as 33-year-old Manoj Kumar, a resident of Kendriya Vihar in Sector 56. His colleague was identified as Ritu. Manoj died in hospital.\"We have lodged an FIR against the driver of jeep no (DL-ILR-9438) under section 279/337/304 A of IPC and are on the lookout for the accused. We have handed over the body to the next of kin after the postmortem. Ritu is not fit enough to give any statement,\" said Sandeep Kumar, the investigating officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17123306", "title": "Nigerian conman caught for online fraud", "text": "BANGALORE: Dhruva Kumar, a software engineer from Bangalore, was cheated of Rs 12.5 lakh by a Nigerian conman, after he signed up for a job on a social networking site. The entire rip-off happened online.Bangalore police arrested the Nigerian in Mumbai on Sunday and brought him to Bangalore on Tuesday.The Nigerian was identified as Sonia Gupta alias Tony alias James alias Isaiahigho, 37, resident of Gorai, Borivali West, Mumbai, and a native of Benin city, Nigeria. He had claimed he was managing director of a pharmaceutical company manufacturing medicine to combat dengue. He laid a trap on the site, promising the post of director in the company. Dhruva Kumar fell for it.Kumar sent messages to Sony in August, stating his willingness to become director. \"Dhruva Kumar immediately received a reply, asking him to invest Rs12.5 lakh, which he did. When there was no further communication from the Nigerian, he panicked and approached Koramangala police. We found the trickster operating from Mumbai and trapped him in a hotel lobby,\" said ACP (Madivala subdivision) H Subbanna. Police claimed they had also arrested three of his Indian associates.Sony does not hold a passport. \"We've written to the local foreigners' regional registration officer for his whereabouts and travel documents. However, Kumar's money could not be recovered,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17123938", "title": "Action against professor sought", "text": "INDORE: A day after the alleged misbehaviour and use of abusive language that forced School of Physical Education head Deepak Mehta to resign from the post, a large number of students led by ABVP activists staged protest at university teaching department campus of Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya (DAVV) here on Tuesday.Demanding immediate action against accused Mukesh Solanki, who allegedly misbehaved with Mehta, students asked the varsity authorities to take stringent action against him.\"Why no action is being taken against Solanki. It is not acceptable from a junior professor to abuse and misbehave with one of senior most faculty members of the department,\" said the agitating students.Meanwhile, DAVV vice chancellor DP Singh did not accept Mehta's resignation and constituted a three-member probe, which will submit its report in a week. The members of the committee include Prof Ashutosh Mishra, prof Ashok Sharma and Dr Laxman Shinde.Solanki had allegedly abused Mehta over a petty issue of parking a car. The incident occurred at university teaching department (UTD) campus of the varsity when it was holding PhD entrance examination on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17122187", "title": "Modern retail rehauls operations", "text": "PUNE: The modern retail businesses in the city are changing their selling proposition and readjusting their presence to suit the changing paradigm of buyer preference that suggests a need to be in large formats to be able to offer a wider array of products.The shift in strategy has entailed closure of many retail outlets and shifting of some to new locations and new formats which ensure greater footfalls. Another angle to the move could be to concentrate on reorganizing in the states which have shown a favourable approach to foreign direct investment in retail, experts said.RPG (Sanjeev Goenka ) Group's Spencer's Retail has shut all its 8 outlets under the Spencer's Deli chain. The step is part of the broad policy of shifting to a hyperstore format, company officials say. Mohit Kampani, chief of merchandising and operations at Spencer's Retail Ltd, said the company's new store strategy is around hypermarket formats and it is acquiring them nationally.\"We are actively seeking right located properties for our hypermarket formats in Pune. As announced by Spencer's management previously, select small format store closures in this financial year are a part of our strategy to accelerate our profitability. The closures in Pune are in line with the same strategy. Our new store strategy is around hypermarket formats and we are acquiring them nationally. Pune is an attractive market for retail and fits in well with our long term strategy for larger hyper market formats,\" Kampani said.Also reorganizing its presence in the city is Aditya Birla Retail, a unit of the Aditya Birla Group , which has shut its small-store food and groceries businesses. The company, which runs the More shops, has shut about 50 outlets across India and plans to focus only on bigger stores. A senior official said the company will now focus on large stores. The company currently has 11 large format stores and plans to add to this in 2012-13, the official said.Lifestyle, which had a three-storey store in Kalyaninagar, has shifted to the Cantonment area in a yet bigger size and also added one store. \"In the last 18 months, we have taken our store count from one Lifestyle store to two Lifestyle stores and with our bigger exclusive Home Centre Store, our retail space has grown from 70,000 sq feet to 1,60,000 sq ft in the city. We relocated the Lifestyle and Home Centre stores from Kalyaninagar to Pune Camp to take up a larger space in a more central location, as we felt this would further enhance our customers' shopping experience,\" the spokesperson said.\"We plan to open six to eight Lifestyle and two to five Home Centre stores every year for the next two to three years. Opening of new and bigger stores in Pune are in line with this strategy,\" he added.Head of a Mumbai based consultancy firm said the retail scene is witnessing major changes in the location and size of stores, as all want to demonstrate their promise to the prospective foreign investors. The move towards large format, often in locations which have multiplxes and other entertainment options, he said. \"In the hurry to expand the number of stores, retail businesses spread themselves thin and the consolidation we see now was inevitable, FDI or not,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17122967", "title": "'Your eyes need to be on the blink'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If you are one of those suffering from dry eyes, be careful on Diwali. Doctors warn that the smoke which fills the air at this time can trigger and aggravate allergies. Long term computer users and those who frequently suffer from eye infections are prone to dry eyes.\"The condition, known as Meibomian gland dysfunction, is common among people who suffer from chronic eye infections. We do not recommend them to be exposed to smoke, especially at the time of Diwali,\" Dr S K Arya, Ophthalmologist at Government Medical College and Hospital, Sector 32 said.Meibomian glands are located in the eyelids. Secretions from these glands make up the oily layer of the tear film, which prevent rapid evaporation of tears. \"Failure of these glands to produce or secrete oil - due to chronic blockage or thickening of the meibum, affects the quality and stability of the tear film. This causes dry eye symptoms even in people whose dry eye test results appear normal,\" Dr Pankaj Sharma, an eye specialist in Panchkula said.Meibomian gland dysfunction or MGD is quite common but often goes undiagnosed. Doctors ask you to blink often, use hot water compression and tear refreshers. \"Even when diagnosed it is often not treated or is not treated effectively until it has become chronic or severe,\" Dr Amit Gupta, an ophthalmologist at PGI said.Explaining the difference between dry eye syndrome and MGD, the ophthalmologist said, \"One of the symptoms is dry eyes and this is not the same as the syndrome. The tear film breaks with every blink and when the continuity of the blink is affected due to less blinking, eyes go dry. We recommend blinking and also non exposure to environmental smoke.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17122606", "title": "Govt in dock as PAC finds undue benefits given to cement manufacturers", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government appears to have allowed undue advantage to the cement manufacturers in Rajasthan, causing a loss of crores of rupees to the exchequer between 2002 and 2005. The state assembly's public accounts committee (PAC) has initiated a probe into the irregularity, which could be the tip of a financial scandal.The probe has, simultaneously, heated up the state BJP's internal politics as the PAC head is the party's senior legislator Gulab Chand Kataria and the irregularity's most part was committed during the Vasundhara Raje regime. Kataria and Raje are known to be bitter rivals within the BJP.The matter relates to loss of revenue to the state arising from cement manufacturers' failure in filling up a particular 'Form C' related to inter-state trades. On the basis of the Central government's directions, a notification was issued in 2002 making it mandatory for the cement manufacturers engaged in inter-state trade to fill 'Form C'. However, compliance of the notification was not ensured in Rajasthan until 2005.\"The state government's negligence or ill intentions caused a loss of crores of rupees in revenue to the exchequer. We have today given the government three months' time for an explanation,\" PAC head Gulab Chand Kataria told reporters on Tuesday.The PAC meeting held in the state assembly on Tuesday was attended by principal accountant general Suman Saxena and chief secretary C K Mathew along with senior government officials. The PAC query addressed to state finance secretary has caused a flutter among the government officials who immediately got down to look for explanations into the irregularity.As the notification was issued in 2002 when the state had a Congress government under chief minister Ashok Gehlot and this government continued until December 2003, the present Gehlot government would have to do a lot of explanations for not ensuring the Form C compliance on the cement manufacturers then, said experts.Industries minister Rajendra Pareek, however, declined to comment on the matter. \"I have to first examine what exactly the PAC has observed and asked from the government,\" Pareek said.Since the matter involves financial issues, the government officials were readying to present it before chief minister Gehlot who also holds the finance portfolio. It is believed Pareek and the officials were tightlipped also because the chief minister was yet to be apprised about the matter.The PAC also expressed annoyance at the government officials' delay in responding to audit queries. Around a dozen government departments' officials present at the meeting were also told to ensure that the pending queries were answered within three months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17121073", "title": "Double bonanza for Gujarati community", "text": "RANCHI: It's double celebrations for the Gujarati community as the day after Diwali is the time to ring in the New Year popularly known as 'padva' as per their traditions.\"We wear new clothes on that auspicious day. The day is marked for exchanging New Year wishes with our loved ones and friends. These days it becomes impossible to visit each and every house so we all gather at Patel Bhawan in the morning and celebrate together with friends ,\" said Ranjana Patel, a homemaker. She added, \"We shop for all family members ahead of the new year. This apart, we make some Gujarati sweets like 'monthad' which is barfi made of besan. Besides these we make the normal besan ka laddu and even buy some sweets from shops.\"Sarda Patel, another homemaker, said: \"Just as we celebrate Diwali with enthusiasm new year celebrations are equally exciting for us. We make colourful rangolis Dhanteras onwards. This festival is also known for showering blessings on the younger lot along with handing over some amount of money.\"Talking about the celebrations at Patel Bhawan, Radha Jawahar Patel, another homemaker, said: \"We all gather there rather than visiting each house individually. That day we also arrange a 'saraswati samaroh' where the children are awarded for good results. We also arrange games for children and the women play housie.\" The youths also wait eagerly for this day. \"Usually we are so engrossed in our lives that we hardly get time to interact with other members of our community. New Year is one such day where we all get an opportunity to interact and enjoy each other's company. We all play games, eat and the money which we get from our elders is like a blessings from them,\" said Rahul Patel, a law graduate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17123471", "title": "Hard water a bane for Basaveshwaranagar", "text": "BANGALORE: If you live in Basaveshwaranagar, boil and purify water before you use it. A third of the households in this locality are getting hard water.A random survey by the Karnataka State Pollution Control Board (KSPCB) in Basaveshwaranagar, off Chord Road in West Bangalore, found that 34% of households get bad quality water. While water was of good quality in 66% of the households, it was moderate in 31% households and poor in 3%. The survey tested drinking water samples from 104 households in the area.KSPCB sources said moderate quality meant the presence of alkaline compounds make the water hard, and blamed rusted taps and dirty pipelines. Besides, water samples collected from households were not necessarily from BWSSB taps.Residents admit they are alert when it comes to water quality. \"We have about 80 borewells in our layout and test the water often. It is hard but of good quality. We boil and filter it before drinking,\" said MD Srinivasan, secretary of SVK Layout Residents' Welfare Association, Basaveshwaranagar.Experts point out that unless precautions are taken, like boiling and filtering, the water quality can worsen, leading to a slew of water-borne diseases like cholera, diarrhoea and typhoid.\"Hard water contains mineral salts and a lot depends on what the minerals are - if there's fluoride, it can cause fluorosis. Many other minerals can cause severe diseases and dysfunctions in the human body,\" explained Dr Shankar Prasad, chief medical officer from St Philomena's Hospital.Announcing the findings of the survey here on Tuesday, KSPCB chairman Vaman Acharya said ecoli bacteria in sewage lines gets mixed with drinking water lines. Borewell water drawn from more than 600 feet deep contains high amounts of fluoride, nitrate and other toxic industrial wastes that seep underground and pollute ground water.But Acharya added: \"Most citizens of Basaveshwaranagar are fortunate to get good quality drinking water.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17123894", "title": "Vaccination prog to curb foot and mouth disease", "text": "INDORE: In a move to combat and control foot and mouth disease among dairy animals, College of Veterinary Science and Animal Husbandry, Mhow, and Madhya Pradesh animal husbandry department is running an awareness-cum-vaccination programme in villages around Indore.\"Foot and mouth disease is very common among dairy animals during winter season. It spreads easily and affects productivity,\" Dr R K Bagherwal, head of medicine department of College of Veterinary Sciences and Animal Husbandry said. He added that they have carried out the awareness-cum-vaccination programme at Hindolia and Titvada village and till now nearly 1,000 animals have been vaccinated.Dr Deepak Gangil said during winter season, a large number of animals are traded. This triggers migration of dairy animals from one place to other. \"Even if one animal is affected, it can affect other animals too within 24 to 72 hours. This causes loss of productivity,\" said Dr Gangil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
{"city": "south city", "code": "17123138", "title": "South City chokes on smoke from fields", "text": "SOUTH CITY: With some of the farmers having fields in the immediate vicinity of South City and Country Homes Colony, setting the paddy stubble on fire, the residents are having to put up with many problems, including difficulty in breathing.Harmohanjit Singh, a progressive farmer of South City who specializes in agro-forestry said, As the farmers burn the stubble in the field, breathlessness, irritation in the throat and sneezing is bound to happen. It is because of this practice that the sun is not visible after 2pm. He added, There are ways to assimilate the stubble into the soil but the measures are expensive, so farmers avoid these and instead burn it. The government should act tough but it has failed to do so, as it lacks the will to check this problem.Karan Saggar, 19, a dentistry student, who is a resident of Country Homes said, The farmers in the vicinity of our area set the stubble in the fields on fire recently and as the smoke has spread in the area, residents are finding it difficult to breathe and they are also facing other problems like irritation in the throat and eyes, besides nasal allergies. He added, There is a ban on burning stubble in the fields in Punjab. But who cares? Not the farmers. As the authorities remain mute spectators, we the residents have to put up with problems.Sanjeev Kaushal, a businessman of South City, concerned over this practice said, Burning of stubble has a direct bearing on the health of residents. For the last about two days, we have been seeing smoke in the air in our area due to burning of stubble. We cannot even sit outside our homes, as it gets difficult to breathe even. Since the paddy harvesting season has just got over, I am concerned about the health of the elderly and the young, including my one year old grand-daughter, Vanya, whom we cannot even take out of our home. He demanded that for the sake of the city residents, the district administration should not take this matter lightly and implement the ban on stubble burning effectively.Deputy commissioner Rahul Tewari told TOI that, I have issued prohibitory orders under Section 144 of the CrPC, banning burning of stubble and have forwarded the order to the police and the pollution control board to implement it. It is now up to them to enforce the orders.Ishwer Singh, commissioner police, said, Ill have to check whether South City and Country Homes Colony falls under my area of responsibility. We will register cases against those violating the law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-07"}
