{"city": "pune", "code": "15085942", "title": "Pimpri Chinchwad municipal commissioner gets police protection", "text": "PUNE: Pimpri Chinchwad municipal commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi has been provided with an armed policeman after he received an anonymous threat on Friday for acting tough against encroachments. Besides, security in the municipal corporation office has been tightened.Pardeshi said, \" I have spoken to the deputy commissioner of police of zone three. The anti-encroachment drive would continue as per directives of the state government and the high court.\"Deputy commissioner of police (zone III) Shahaji Umap said, \"The municipal commissioner has handed over the letter to the police. The Pimpri police station has registered a complaint. Sudhir Chowgule, assistant commissioner of police, Pimpri, will conduct an inquiry into the matter.\"Umap said that one armed policeman will be with Pardeshi all the time. \"I have briefed the security guards at the civic body's main building about measures they need to take. They have been told to check visitors thoroughly, especially those who wish to meet the commissioner,\" Umap said.Umap said that investigations have proved that the letter was posted from Bhosari. The letter warns the municipal commissioner that he will have to face the consequences if the anti-encroachment drive is not stopped.Meanwhile, Pardeshi said on Friday that the administration may to stop providing civic amenities to unauthorized constructions. \"A proposal will be tabled at the next general body meeting. The move is aimed at preventing growth of unauthorized constructions in future. Amenities such as water/drainage connections and approach roads will not be provided to them,\" Pardeshi said.The issue of unauthorized constructions was also debated in the general body meeting for nearly two hours on Friday. Replying to the debate, Pardeshi said the civic administration has submitted information to the high court in March that it has sent notices to 66,124 unauthorised constructions in the city. \"The issue has been in the news for the past one and half years so it is incorrect to say that the people did not know that the civic body would remove them,\" he said.Pardeshi reiterated his stand that the civic administration will continue with the anti-encroachment drive to remove all illegal structures that have come up or are being built after March 31, 2012.On Saturday, major political parties and social organizations in Pimpri Chinchwad condemned the threat issued to municipal commissioner Pardeshi.Baban Zinjurde, president, Pimpri Chinchwad Mahanagarpalika Karmachari Mahasangh said, \"The employees of the civic body held a meeting to condemn the threat. We support the municipal commissioner.\" Senior and junior civic officials and employees wore black ribbons to register their protest. Pimpri Chinchwad mayor Mohini Lande, BJP, Shiv Sena , Nagari Hakka Suraksha Samiti and Kashtakari Kamgar Panchayat have condemned the threat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15084950", "title": "Crime branch to ask HC for special court to try Jundal", "text": "MUMBAI: Abu Jundal, the key 26/11 plotter, was produced before an additional chief metropolitan magistrate on Saturday.\"We have voluminous evidence against him. We also know that some state actors took part in the attack,\" Nikam said, even as Jundal seemed to check out the courtroom. Nikam pointed out that the Bombay high court had said the 26/11 strike was a \"war against India\". He further said Jundal was present in the control room set up in Karachi during the attack and his role was much bigger than thought earlier. \"We want to confront him with Kasab. We have eyewitnesses and documentary evidence against Jundal. Investigators want to probe the deep-rooted conspiracy of the attacks, so we need his custody,\" Nikam said. Reading out sections of the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act, he said the police could demand a 30-day custody as per the Act but were seeking Jundal's custody for only 14 days. When the judge asked Jundal in Hindi if he wanted to say something, the terrorist replied in the negative. Judge Rathor then said, \"He is remanded in custody till July 31.\"Jundal is accused of conspiring in the 26/11 attacks with the Lashkar-e-Taiba brass. During the strike, he guided, motivated and instructed the terrorists through a voice over internet protocol ( VoIP ) facility. Till then, nobody had imagined the presence of an Indian in the Karachi control room. During his interrogation, Kasab had said that one Abu Jundal had given them training in speaking Hindi and even supervised their training sessions and mock drills for the attack. In 2010, there was suspicion that Jundal could be an Indian and perhaps the same Zabihuddin Ansari wanted in the 2006 Aurangabad arms haul case.Meanwhile, the crime branch has decided to request the Bombay high court to constitute a special court to try Jundal. The crime branch has formed three teams-one to grill Jundal, the second to do the paperwork and the third for outdoor duty. Crime branch officers said they will first try to find out how the Beed man got close to LeT's leaders like Hafiz Saeed, Zarar Shah and Zaki-ur-Rehman Lakhvi. \"It's not easy for an Indian to directly reach a control room run by the Pakistani terror outfit. We suspect there is some link that may have introduced Jundal to the LeT bosses. We have to question him on this during the interrogation on the 26/11 case,\" an officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15091224", "title": "I make movies according to my principles: Vasanth", "text": "Films for him are more a form of displaying his activism on burning social issues, and he doesn't seem to care too much about the commercial aspect.\"I have considered myself a social activist, and movies are just a medium for me to bring out issues I feel passionately about,\" says director S M Vasanth, who is currently shooting for his latest venture Moondru Per Moondru Kadhal . He also admits to taking inspiration from real-life incidents for his screenplay, and makes the dialogues relatable for the viewers.\"Scenes in my movies like Rhythm and Satham Podathey were taken from real-life incidents, and that makes the screenplay more credible. I have seen many instances of alcoholism and domestic violence in real-life, and they have been the inspiration for some of my films. Even the dialogues used in most of my films are something any normal family can relate to,\" the director points out. Talking about winning the Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Storywriter in Satham Podathey brings back great memories for the director.\"While Rhythm has been the film closest to my heart, winning the State award for Satham Podathey gave me tremendous satisfaction,\" he points out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15085459", "title": "Erring junior engineer penalized", "text": "GURGAON: HUDA chief administrator, D P S Nangal, has slapped a penalty on an erring junior engineer for reportedly delaying the completion certification and manipulating documents of a plot owner in Gurgaon.The erring engineer, Pradeep Kumar, had been charge sheeted earlier and had not made representation to the chief administrator. A senior HUDA official said that the case dates back to 2009 and the inquiry had been ordered in 2011.TOI has access to the HUDA chief's letter in which he has instructed the imposition of a penalty by stopping two of his annual increments with cumulative effect. In the letter, Nangal has stated that Kumar, while working in Estate Office (I) had committed the acts of omission and commission for which he was chargesheeted under Rule 7 of Haryana Civil Services Rule 1987. Kumar is at present posted as a subdivisional engineer in Bhiwani district.A former HUDA official, O P Garg, was given charge of the inquiry to probe two allegations: Firstly that of delaying the completion certificate of Plot number 1166, Sector 10 A in Gurgaon, for ulterior motives and secondly that Kumar had morphed photographs on the plot file in connivance with the plot owner, for misleading the department.When Kumar did not attend the last hearing of the case before the inquiry office on May 10 this year, a penalty was levied and departmental action was taken against him.During the departmental inquiry, all records of the plot, including the correspondence between HUDA and the plot owners, were checked. The inquiry officer established the charges and submitted the report to the chief administrator's office in 2011. After going through the entire file and inquiry report, the chief administrator decided to take action against Kumar.The outcome of the inquiry report will have a bearing on the service records of Kumar and he might also be denied sensitive postings for the rest of his career. An FIR on the charge of bungling of funds was also lodged against him at the Civil Lines police station. Kumar had been allegedly misappropriating different violations in building plans of plots and tweaking bank drafts received from plot owners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "15088964", "title": "Independent authority for agricultural commodity price prediction, market intelligence mooted", "text": "THRISSUR: The workshop on agricultural policy issues held at Kerala Agricultural University (KAU), Vellanikkara in Thrissur held on Saturday mooted an independent state authority for agricultural commodity price prediction and market intelligence.The high level committee constituted by Government of Kerala to formulate state agricultural policy will hold a workshop on policy issues noted that an independent set up with wide networking and better institutional and policy support would help the farming community in reducing their price risk, in addition to providing new strategic marketing options.K Krishnankutty, ex-MLA, chairman of the committee, in his opening remarks pointed out the new tends of multinational groups hijacking conventional agricultural farms for projects intended for their profit. \"The committee is determined to protect and promote small and marginal farmers and the policy to be framed will be oriented in this direction,\" saiud Krishnankutty.Dr P Rajasekharan, Chief (Agriculture), State Planning Board stressed the need for location-specific farming packages and state-level network projects to safe guard Kerala's crops.The also suggested setting up of a National Agricultural Education Council to improve the quality of agriculture education through policy support, accreditation, academic regulation, personnel policies, review of course curricula and delivery systems, development support for creating/strengthening infrastructure and facilities, improvement of faculty competence and admission of students through All-India competitions. It was also suggested that Agricultural Aptitude should be a key factor in selecting students for Agricultural courses.The committee also assessed that there is sheer dearth of post-harvest technology experts to guide food processing industry in the state. In view of the prominence and prospects of value addition of agricultural products, it was suggested that a centre of excellence in value addition should be established and public-private-partnership (PPP) should be encouraged to harvest full benefits of the technology.R Heli, former director of Department of Agriculture, suggested setting up of pesticide residue testing labs in all regions in the state.A state-level agricultural labour bank namely 'Food Security Force' containing 15 lakh well-trained and accredited youth, crop-specific product diversification centres in different parts of the state, enhancing and strengthening organic farming, ensuring scientific crop management, propagating homestead farming in urban and peri-urban localities and were the other suggestions mooted by the workshop. The committee, while endorsing promotion of protected cultivation concluded that open space cultivation is better suited for Kerala than poly-house cultivation. Organic farming in homesteads should be encouraged and linkage between Local Self Government Institutions (LSGIs) and research and development (R&D;) institutions should be strengthened.It was agreed that climate change will have wide-ranging effects on the environment, and on socio-economic and related sectors, including water resources, agriculture and food security, human health, terrestrial ecosystems and biodiversity and coastal zones. The avenues for exploiting vast scope for 'agripreneurship' and strategies for attracting youth to farming were also discussed.The members of the committee namely R Heli, Former Director of Agriculture; Dr PV Balachandran, Director of Extension, KAU; Dr P Rajasekharan, Chief (Agriculture), State Planning Board and AK Madhavachandran, Deputy Director (Planning), Department of Agriculture actively participated in the deliberations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15086719", "title": "Government plan to get medical colleges ISO certified hangs fire", "text": "PATNA: The Bihar government plans to get all the six government medical colleges in the state the International Organisation for Standardisation (ISO) 9001 certified through the National Accreditation Board for Hospitals &amp; Healthcare Providers (NABH) with an aim to provide quality healthcare to the people of the state. But the plan is likely to take time before turning into a reality.A team of officials had visited the medical colleges of the state last year to assess whether they had facilities enough for ISO certification or not. But, no report, if any, has been made public so far in this regard.Talking to TOI, health secretary, Sanjay Kumar said, \"What is lacking in this regard is action on sustainable basis towards achieving the goal. Someone needs to do that.\"Kumar said the government has hired a full-time consultant to go through the issue meticulously but critical gaps have been identified and works are in progress to address the loopholes.ISO accreditation requires adequate number of doctors, good outpatient departments, skilled manpower and sound physical infrastructure. Once certified, it becomes binding on the part of the hospital management to keep the hospital in good condition since auditing under ISO standards is done every year.ISO certification process for hospitals involves criteria which include acceptable quality care at affordable rate, timely care, clear communication to the patients, reliable diagnostic and laboratory support, reliable support services like canteen, ambulance and pharmacy, safe and pleasant environment and technical competence of staff. The board first goes through the hospital's infrastructure and services, skills and training of doctors and other employees of the hospital and their roles and responsibilities. After that only, the certification is granted to the hospital, said a health official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15086213", "title": "There's such variety of roles in this golden age", "text": "Waheeda Rehman , 76, is one of the few actors of 'the golden era of Hindi cinema' who is still active. A retrospective of her films is being showcased at the annual Habitat Film Festival in Delhi till July 31. She speaks to Archana Khare Ghose about the film 'Guide', dacoits and hair dyesIt's the 100th year of India cinema and you have been an actor for more than 50 years. Do you have any plans to put it all down in a book?I'm fortunate to be living in the 100th year of Indian cinema. Come to think of it, I've really had a lot of experience. What I do know is that right now is a great time for Indian cinema. It has changed so much from my days, not just in terms of technology and skills but also in the way actors are getting to play a wide variety of roles. Vidya Balan doing a Dirty Picture has been possible only now, not in my time. We had very limited scope to act. As far as acting scope is concerned, this is the golden era. For instance, when I signed Guide (1965), people told me that I was committing a mistake and that it would be my last film, because the film opened with Rosie already being married. Besides, Rosie and Raju lived together without being married to each other. Filmmakers were very conservative then and couldn't accept those situations.'Guide' seems to be pretty close to your heart.Yes, indeed. I enjoyed working for the film because it gave me some scope to do things differently. Otherwise, there was not much that the lead actress could do in my time. By the time I signed Guide, I had begun getting bored of the stuff I had been doing. Plus, it had very good music, by my favourite composer S D Burman.I'll tell another story about my desire to do things differently. I badly wanted to be a part of Sahib, Biwi Aur Ghulam (1962) but the lead role went to Meenaji (Kumari). I was disappointed and complained to the cinematographer (V K) Murthy saab. He told me that I wasn't the right choice as I hardly looked like a mature, married woman. When its director Abrar Alvi approached me for the second lead, I agreed as I liked the character. But Guru Dutt saab, the producer, felt I was crazy in accepting second lead after my very successful Chaudhvi Ka Chand (1960). But I didn't relent and enjoyed playing the character.Your have worked with some of the most accomplished names in Indian cinema. Can you share some of your memories of those times?Yes, I worked with many established actors - Dilip saab, Raj saab, Dev saab... This incident is very interesting. Sunil Duttji and I were shooting near the Chambal valley for Mujhe Jeene Do (1963) with police protection as dacoits were a reality then. One day in the middle of the shoot, we were all asked to pack up as an anonymous letter had been sent to Sunil ji, asking him to leave or else his wife Nargis or son Sanjay (who were visiting the sets) or the actress, that is me, would be kidnapped.You are among the few of that era to have continued to experiment with roles. You played Jaya Bachchan's mother in 'Phagun' (1973).Yes, and I was criticized for taking up the mother's role too soon. But I would have been able to delay that only by two-three years. If you are a mother's age, what's the harm in playing one? I'm fit and fine even now, but would you accept me as Rosie now? People are going to snigger, 'Inko kya ho gaya?' if I do that! Actors should learn to age gracefully. I remember I had just shifted back to Mumbai and went to see Sunil Duttji who was in hospital then. On spotting me, he exclaimed with such grief from his bed that I called for a doctor. He was shocked at my grey hair! He asked, 'Why have you dyed your hair white?' I laughed and told him that I had not used a black dye! If I get a grandma's role, I take it up if I like it (Delhi 6). But our industry still doesn't have intelligent roles for senior actors.You seem to be a highly practical star.That's because I always remember what my father told me when I was a girl. Everything is ephemeral. So is age. If you accept that, life will be happy and peaceful. If you don't, you will suffer. Film stars should also make peace with the fact that success and stardom are ephemeral. You have to progress in life. At my stage, for instance, I'm looking forward to learn something new. All I'm waiting for is to realize what I want to learn now! Otherwise, I keep myself busy doing many other things.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15085597", "title": "Is it right for fish vendors to oppose their eviction from the Margao old fish market?", "text": "It has been reported that these vendors were allotted places at the SGPDA market many years ago and that some of them were adamant in continuing in the old fish market. If the government had rehabilitated them and they did not cooperate, then they are not right in protesting their eviction. The government can then be considered to be well within its rights to carry out the eviction. If, however, there is some discrimination against them then their protest is justified. It would be in the best public interest if both parties cooperate and some place is allotted in the SGPDA market for sale of fish under one roof to avoid congestion and other problems.Geraldine FernandesSocial activist, BenaulimThe municipality is right in removing fish vendors from the old fish market. But, being poor they should be allotted space at the SGPDA market, where better and cleaner facilities must be provided. People must support the municipality and the issue must not be politicized. This is absolutely necessary so that the footpaths must be cleared of encroachments and also to avoid traffic congestion on city roads.Sayeed Kaderbusinessman , MargaoI don't think they were right in protesting, if the vendors were provided with an alternate location. Some sort of organization is needed or else we will continue to live in a disorganized space forever. The authorities should ensure that an encroachment is dealt with as soon at it appears and not years after. It should be nipped in the bud. For instance, encroachments outside the Multipurpose school will soon lead to a menace. No action has been taken to deal with the problem yet.Rashid SousaBusiness, MargaoFish vendors who are doing business in the old fish market should be immediately accommodated in the south Goa planning and development authority (SGPDA) market. They are Goans and survive only on the sale of fish. But before this, the SGPDA market needs better infrastructural facilities like water supply etc. It has also been noticed that non-Goan vendors have illegally taken over most places in the SGPDA market.Sanjeev Raiturkar, gen secyCitizens Working Centre, Margao", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15088566", "title": "Suriya fans to donate blood", "text": "It's not just him, even his fans indulge in philanthropic activities to celebrate an occasion.Actor Suriya will be celebrating his birthday tomorrow (July 23), and to mark the day, his fans have decided to donate blood across the city.A source says, \"His fans have been indulging in philanthropic activities every year to celebrate his birthday. While Suriya himself participates in several social activities, this year, his fans have decided to donate blood and note book, school uniforms and dresses to needy kids. The first segment of blood donation has already started.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15085706", "title": "Playing guardian angel, saas gives bahu kidney", "text": "MUMBAI: Mention her mother-in-law and Gayatri Avadh starts crying. Not that 65-year-old Kaleeyabai is a tormentor of a mother-in-law as portrayed in countless saas-bahu serials. Gayatri is, in fact, lucky because Kaleeyabai didn't think twice before giving her an invaluable gift: one of her kidneys.\"My mother-in-law is so good that I am weeping in gratitude,'' said Gayatri, 32, through her mask, thanking her \"good fortune''. The young mother of two was diagnosed with end-stage kidney disease last year.The duo from Nashik taluka's Palashigaon underwent their respective donor-recipient operations at Jaslok Hospital on Pedder Road on July 6.Organ donation is among the most difficult propositions in the country. Not only is there poor awareness, the fact that there was a flourishing illegal bazaar of organs until recently makes organ donation a grey zone in India. Statistics reveal a grim picture about kidney disease: while over 1 lakh patients are newly diagnosed with kidney failure every year, less than 10% get any kind of treatment for the condition and barely 4,000 kidney transplants are carried out across India.She has young kids to raise: SaasAgainst this backdrop, Gayatri seems lucky. Despite living two hours from Nashik city, she was promptly diagnosed when she was rushed in a critical condition from Palashigaon to Malegaon and Nashik thereafter some 12 months ago. \"Doctors told us it would be difficult for her. She survived, but the weekly dialysis thereafter has been painful,'' said Kaleeyabai, who was discharged from Jaslok Hospital a week back.Seeing her daughter-in-law's pain as well as her young grandchildren, Kaleeyabai decided to give her a kidney. \"She is younger than me. She has young children to bring up. She is my son's wife. How could I not help her?'' she asked. Her son wanted to donate one of his kidneys to his wife, but Kaleeyabai stopped him. \"My daughter too wanted to give a kidney to her sister-in-law, but they have young families to look after. I couldn't let them donate one of their kidneys,'' she added.Their doctor, Rushi Deshpande, recalls how people were surprised to find a mother-in-law willing to donate a kidney to her daughter-in-law. \"The first reaction was disbelief,'' he said, adding that since Kaleeyabai's blood group was O, she could easily donate to her daughter-in-law who had AB-positive blood group. \"This was a simple transplant operation, but the emotional bonding between these women makes it special,'' he said.The Kaleeyabai-Gayatri tale is not the only time an in-law has donated a kidney. Nephrologist Dr Vishwanath Billa remembers another mother- and daughter-in-law pair who had undergone the transplant in Joy Hospital in Chembur a couple of years ago. Dr Pravin Shingare, director of the Directorate of Medical Education and Research as well as the authorization committee that approves unrelated organ transplants, said, \"It's not very common but there have been instances where we gave a few clearances for in-laws to donate kidneys.'' He said in-laws accounted for a small fraction of the 200-odd living donors annually in Maharashtra.The Indian organ transplant law only allows blood family comprising mother, father, brother and sister to donate organs. Soon, extended families comprising grandparents will be included (this amendment is in various stages of clearances in different states).Jaslok Hospital's Dr Madan Bahadur pointed out that the law does recognize altruistic donors. \"Even friends can donate organs, but it should be proved to the government authorization committee that the donor-to-be and recipient know each other for a decent period of time and there is not a significant difference in their social status,'' said Dr Bahadur, who conducted a transplant in which a woman got a kidney from her childhood friend's mother. The idea is to rule out any money transaction for an organ.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15084069", "title": "More Grandmasters due to chess inflation: Anand", "text": "MUMBAI: It's raining Grandmasters in India these days. There was a time when the country had only one, in the name of Viswanathan Anand for almost five years since he became one in 1987. In 2012, three Indians turned GMs - MR Lalith Babu, Vaibhav Suri and MR Venkatesh - and more could be added to the list soon. India have a total of 28 GMs as of now.Anand was the youngest Indian GM of his time at the age of 18, but he can no longer boast of that feat as his record has been lowered by six years by Delhi boy Suri. The world champion links the phenomena to 'inflation'. \"It seems that chess is undergoing inflation,\" he joked. \"GM titles are mimicking it. Earlier, it was very difficult to complete a single (GM) norm because there was a big gap between a top-ranked player and his rival. These days there are more average players, so they garner more points with wins,\" added Anand, who was in the city to interact with school kids as part of an event to commemorate 10 years of NIIT Mind Champions Academy (MCA).\"It's happening because there are stronger players now having similar (ELO) ratings. These days the kids ask me about how I open with black pieces etc. Just goes on to show how the awareness about the game has risen,\" he observed.Anand went on to applaud the achievements of the new crop of youngsters who have done the country proud, like D Harika, Koneru Humpy and Abhijeet Gupta. \"Harika, Humpy and Gupta are a few youngsters who are playing so well internationally... Chess as a game develops concentration, patience and ability to draw conclusions. That's why I became part of MCA to popularise chess in schools and the results are great - we recently got a under-12 champion in Murali Karthikeyan through this initiative,\" the 42-year-old informed.Terming his fifth World Championship title as the \"most difficult one\" to achieve, Anand admitted that veteran Russian player Garry Kasparov's mind games did affect him during his title defence in Moscow in May. \"Normally I try not to read newspapers or websites to keep focus on my game as you might get affected by some comment or other. It is important to know the main opponent is (Boris) Gelfand and not Kasparov, but this time it was impossible to shut it out... A clever answer is not going to suffice for my loss,\" he said.Being himself a great rapid player, one would not have imagined Anand to be complaining about the zero tolerance approach upon timings in Chess Olympiads. \"Everything about the event is negative and against the spirit of chess. If a certain individual is unable to make a move in the stipulated time, the arbiter will stop his clock and deem it void. This is totally unacceptable,\" added the Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna awardee, who will compete in Brazil and Bilbao meets in September.Talking about India's prospect in the upcoming London Games, Anand said he was hopeful of the country clinching at least half a dozen medals. \"I think this year we have good chances in many disciplines - boxing, archery, shooting, badminton, tennis and athletics. I would hope for five or six (medals) this time. Among the strongest contenders, I think Saina is the best bet. We can expect her to win as her recent form has been very good,\" he said.Indian GMsV Anand (1987), Dibyendu Barua (1991), Pravin Thipsay (1998), Abhijit Kunte (2000), K Sasikiran (2000), P Hari Krishna (2001), Koneru Humpy (2001), Surya Shekhar Ganguly (2002), Sandipan Chanda (2003), RB Ramesh (2004), Tejas Bakre (2004), P Magesh Chandran, (2006), Neelotpal Das (2006), Deepan Chakravarthy (2006), Parimarjan Negi (2006), GN Gopal (2007), Abhijeet Gupta (2008), S Arun Prasad (2008), S Kidambi (2009), RR Laxman (2009), Sriram Jha (2010), Deep Sengupta (2010), B Adhiban (2010), SP Sethuraman (2011), D Harika (2011), MR Lalith Babu (2012), Vaibhav Suri (2012) and MR Venkatesh (2012).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15090096", "title": "Marilyn Monroe may have been lesbian", "text": "Marilyn Monroe, the world's number one sex symbol and the most desirable woman on the planet, was not the man-eating siren that her image suggested, it has been revealed.Fifty years after her death, an author who met the star has questioned her sexual identity.Although she married and divorced three times, she was - though few people are aware of the fact - a lesbian by inclination.She admitted to sexual encounters with actresses Joan Crawford , Barbara Stanwyck , Marlene Dietrich and Elizabeth Taylor , as well as with both her acting coaches, Natasha Lytess and Paula Strasberg.Only a day before Jean Negulesco, who directed her in 'How To Marry A Millionaire', was due to visit her, Monroe was found dead.\"I still think I might have saved her if I could have got to her in time,\" the Daily Mail quoted him as saying.\"You know what was wrong with her, don't you?\"Her whole existence was a search for identity, and her sexual identity was a complete lie.\"She told me once she had never had an orgasm with a man in her entire life,\" he said.And yet Negulesco's assertion is validated by the taped transcripts of Marilyn's sessions of psychoanalysis with her psychiatrist, Dr Ralph Greenson, at the end of her life.\"What I told you is true when I first became your patient,\" she says in the transcripts.\"I had never had an orgasm. I well remember you said an orgasm happens in the mind, not the genitals.\"When I did exactly what you told me to do, I would have an orgasm?...?what a difference a word makes.\"You said I would, not I could. Bless you, doctor. What you say is gospel to me,\" she said.Another of those who worked with Monroe, actress Celeste Holm , who appeared with her in 'All About Eve', and who died last Sunday, said that Marilyn's sexual problems were rooted in her traumatic childhood.Born illegitimately in 1926 to an unmarried mother in the charity ward of the Los Angeles General Hospital , she was originally known as Norma Jeane Mortenson, the child of a 24-year-old film negative cutter, Gladys Pearl Monroe Mortenson, who developed schizophrenia.Both of Gladys's parents, Otis Elmer Monroe and Della Monroe Grainger, lived out their twilight years in mental institutions, while Gladys's brother, Marion, was diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia.So it is small wonder that the child who became Marilyn Monroe grew up with a deep-rooted fear of genetic insanity.This, according to Celeste Holm, gave Marilyn a lifelong terror of pregnancy.In addition to her fear of giving birth to an abnormal child, Marilyn suffered from devastating bouts of endometriosis , a gynaecological condition causing intense pelvic pain, severe cramps and painful periods.It made normal sexual intercourse difficult and uncomfortable.\"Because of this Marilyn was never able to enjoy sex with men,\" Holm said.\"She was afraid of it, and turned to older women as sexual role models,\" she had said.After Marilyn had become a world-famous sex symbol, her first husband, Jim Dougherty, who joined the Merchant Marine in 1943, would brag: \"Never had I encountered a girl who so thoroughly enjoyed a sexual union. It made our lovemaking pure joy\".But this, sadly, was far from the truth.\"Jim told me privately that she spent most of their early marriage locked in the bathroom,\" Martin Evans, a friend of Jim's at the time they married,\" said.\"She had sex books and manuals that were given to her, and none of them made a difference.\"She was scared. From my information, she even asked if it were possible for her to never have sex with Jim. \"Could they just be friends?\" she wondered.\"To be honest, I don't think they had a good sex life ever - despite what Jim later claimed,\" he said.According to Holm, for years Marilyn was in love with the idea of being Betty Grable - the Forties star known as the Girl With The Million Dollar Legs).In 1969, Grable said me that she had found Monroe's pursuit of her 'sometimes scary, but you have to understand that all her problems had to do with her not being able to have a child.Another female star Marilyn pursued and propositioned was Judy Garland , who married three gay men among her five husbands.Shortly before Marilyn signed with Columbia Pictures in 1948, she met Natasha Lytess, a failed actress who was a drama coach at the studio.\"I want to recreate you. I shall mould you into the great actress I suspect you can be. But to do so, you must submit to me. Do you understand?\" she told Marilyn.In 1950, Marilyn moved into her apartment while she was being escorted by a new father-figure, the venerable Hollywood agent Johnny Hyde.When Hyde died from a heart attack in December 1950, Natasha rescued Marilyn from a suicide attempt with a drug overdose.Marilyn told her close friend, actor Ted Jordan, that she and Natasha were sleeping together.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "15085033", "title": "Yavatmal city bandh evokes mixed reaction", "text": "YAVATMAL: The Yavatmal city bandh called by the citizens' action committee on Saturday to protest forcible religious conversions being done by the Sardar brothers evoked mixed reaction. Even though traders downed their shutters, state and Central government offices, banking and postal services and most of the educational institutions functioned as usual. The state transport buses too plied as usual.Violence broke out when agitators pelted stones at two star buses and a private car. Police has detained 20 agitators.Former MP Jambhuwantrao Dhote told TOI that Sunil and Nitin Sardar were forcibly converting the tribals in Lasina, Kamandev and Pimpri villages. Their modus operandi was to lure the vulnerable tribals with gifts and cash. \"We had submitted a memorandum to the district collector and the superintendent of police a fortnight ago requesting them to take the necessary legal action against the Sardar brothers. But nothing has been done yet. We had notified the district administration about the bandh in advance,\" Dhote said.He added that the committee would continue with its fight against the Sardars if the state and Central governments fail to order an enquiry by the CBI and enforcement department into the allegations against the duo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15085648", "title": "Pongalur N Palanasamy, 32 others appear before court", "text": "COIMBATORE: Former DMK minister Pongalur N Palanisamy and 32 cadres appeared before a court here on Saturday on charges of allegedly preventing the PWD officials from removing an encroachment near Singanallur lake. Meenkadai Siva, a DMK functionary and a supporter of Palanisamy, had allegedly encroached on the area. Singanallur police had booked Palanisamy and his supporters under section 353 (assault or criminal force to deter public servant from discharge of his duty) and 143 (being member of unlawful assembly) of IPC in last January. The city police recently filed the charge sheet against Palanisamy, former deputy mayor N Karthick, Meenkadai Siva and 30 others. They appeared before a judicial magistrate court and were given copies of the charge sheet as well. The court has been adjourned till September 12 and the trial is expected to begin on the same day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "faizabad", "code": "15085803", "title": "Army begins plantation drive in Faizabad Cantonment", "text": "FAIZABAD: The Army started plantation drive in Faizabad Cantonment on Saturday. The drive was started by Brigadier Gajendra Prasad commandant of Dogra Regiment and Dogra scouts and Colonel Manmohan the deputy commandant.About a thousand saplings of Arjun, Cassia, Kanji, Peepal and Jamun have been planted by the olive green fraternity in different areas of the Cantonment including schools run by the Army, residential areas and playgrounds to increase the green cover of the Cantonment.\"School and colleges were involved to teach the younger generation about their duty towards society to keep their future safe and making them aware that by planting trees the carbon imprints shall also remain under control,\" said Brig Gajendra Prasad.The event shall continue for the entire week with an aim to plant approximately 5,000 to 6,000 trees to influence the environment around Faizabad city, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15083762", "title": "Cong MLAs to meet Sonia Gandhi, PM", "text": "BHOPAL: Sixty-four Congress legislators from the state will call on party chief Sonia Gandhi and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and apprise them over what they called undemocratic expulsion of their two colleagues from Madhya Pradesh assembly.Already they have handed over their resignation letters to AICC general secretary in-charge of state affairs B K Hariprasad, who had told them the party high command would take a call on it.\"We have sought time from Sonia and Manmohan Singh and will meet them in New Delhi. We are going to apprise them over the undemocratic manner in which membership of the deputy leader of Congress legislative party Choudhary Rakesh Singh Chaturvedi and Kalpana Parulekar had been terminated by the House,\" MP CLP chief whip N P Prajapati told TOI.\"Of course, Congress MPs will join us in New Delhi. Our leader Ajay Singh has sought time and the moment we get the appointment we are going to inform our MLAs and head for New Delhi,\" Prajapati said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15084478", "title": "SUV owner pays Rs 10 lakh in tax, penalty to RTO", "text": "AHMEDABAD: For Arjun Patel, resident of Vastrapur, driving a Range Rover SUV on the city roads cost him the amount that could have bought him a mid-range sedan, over and above the cost of vehicle which he had already paid.The scion of Sintex Group was charged Rs 9.74 lakh as road tax and penalty on Saturday by regional transport office (RTO) in Ahmedabad.Patel was stopped when driving the SUV by the city police recently. When the driver could not produce the registration papers for the car worth around Rs 1 crore, the case was sent to RTO for further probe.RTO of Ahmedabad, Jyotish Bhatt, told TOI that the car had Haryana registration number. The owner was told to pay Rs 7.70 lakh as tax dues, penalty of Rs 1.92 lakh and interest on penalty of Rs 11,500.\"We got to know that the car was registered in the name of a subsidiary of Sintex Limited and was purchased earlier this year. We charged the road tax and other charges right from the day the car was purchased as it was not registered with Gujarat road and transport department,\" he said.Bhatt said that according to the rules, any car purchased from outside the state has to be registered with the local RTO and the owner has to pay the transfer charges according to the vehicle category.Due to fact that in Haryana and Punjab less taxes are levied on vehicle registration than in Gujarat, some citizens tend to buy expensive cars, including BMW , Audi and Mercedes-Benz and others, from outside the state.Lately, RTO has become more vigilant in identifying such vehicles registered outside and charge tax and penalty from the owners.An RTO official said that it is the highest amount collected from an individual in this year.Last year, the RTO had collected Rs 9.5 lakh from owner of an imported car.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "muzaffarpur", "code": "15086799", "title": "Robbers kill Army jawan's wife", "text": "MUZAFFARPUR: In a daring, broad daylight crime, three robbers riding a motorcycle shot dead Neelam Thakur (25), wife of an Army jawan, Awadhesh Kumar, of Madhopur Susta village under Maniyari police station, near Khabra temple on NH-28 under Sadar police station here on Saturday afternoon while trying to loot the couple.The couple was returning home on a motorcycle after the woman's degree part 2 examination. They had also withdrawn a sum of Rs 50,000 from Gobarsahi branch of the State Bank of India .While confirming the incident, Senior SP Rajesh Kumar denied the loot of Rs. 50,000 from the couple and said that the criminals have been identified. The gang belongs to Samastipur district and it would be nabbed soon, he assured.The relatives of the couple claimed the money withdrawn by the Army jawan was also looted by the criminals. But the Army jawan, who received injuries after falling from the motorcycle following the firing, has not himself claimed loot of the money, according to the SSP.The police have prepared some sketches on the basis of statements of eyewitnesses and this has helped the police to identify the criminals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15086297", "title": "Household chores drive couples apart", "text": "CHENNAI: If one goes by what marriage counsellors are saying, it's not death but household chores that do us part.When Shantha walked into her house at 8pm after a hard day at work, the first thing she saw was her husband, teenage daughter and mother-in-law seated at the dining table, their eyes on the door. \"You're here,\" said her husband. \"We've been waiting. You can get started on the rotis right away.\"Shantha says she does not know if it was the fatigue or the anger that did it, but it was at that moment that she broke down. \"I've been working since my daughter turned two the same number of hours as my husband, our salaries are more or less the same, and still I'm the only person working as hard at home as in office,\" she says.A few weeks after the incident, Shantha decided it was time to check in with either a counsellor or a divorce lawyer because the overload was getting to her. \"I decided to give counselling a shot. And while he's not really helping at home, I can see some change in the last couple of months,\" she says.Chennai-based marriage counsellor Chackochen Mathai says that 30% of the 150 couples he has counselled in the last couple of years have complained of husbands not chipping in with household tasks, despite the fact that all the women held full-time jobs.The statistics are the same with Gurgaon-based marriage counsellor Gitanjali Sharma, who says that in 30% of her cases, chore-splitting is a large part of the problem, while in 5% of the cases, it is the sole issue. \"But I must admit, even in the remaining 70%, it surfaces as an issue, where working women are stressed out as they find they cannot relax even at home,\" says Sharma.\"In most cases I have handled, I have found that the husband's parents are usually living with the working couple. The mother-in-law just cannot understand why her daughter-in-law does not take care of her family the way she did,\" says Mathai.According to a 2010 study conducted by the International Center for Research on Women (ICRW), in India, only 16% of men reported that they played an equal or greater role in household duties, which included washing clothes, house repairs and cleaning, buying and making food and paying the bills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15085667", "title": "Sex worker arrested for abducting girl child", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 40-year-old sex worker was remanded to judicial custody on Saturday for abducting a six-year-old girl outside corporation school main entrance in the city. According to police, the accused woman had told them she had asked her acquaintance to kidnap a child who could be used for begging in trains since she was too old to carry on working as a sex worker.The accused has been identified as K Meenakshi alias Aarathal of Suleeswaranpatti near Pollachi in Coimbatore district. On July 9, A Karthiyayini of Velandipalayam was abducted by S Selvam (32) and his friend V Subramani (35) both hailing from Tharumathampatti near Kannivadi in Dindigul district. Around 4.30 pm, Karthiyani, a class I student in Corporation Elementary School at Kovilmedu, came out from the school and was kidnapped by the duo. They took her to a hotel in Flower Market area and gave her an ice cream. Then the girl was taken to Palakkad by a train from Coimbatore junction. When the girl was hungry, she asked for food. The duo got off the train at Olavakkode railway station near Palakkad in Kerala and took the girl to a hotel. On reaching the hotel, the girl started crying for her mother, the hotel authorities became suspicious of the duo and rescued the girl. While Selvam was caught by them, Subramani managed to escape.Police did not get sufficient information from Selvam and he was taken to police custody for eight days. On being interrogated, Selvam confessed he had a wife and an 8-year-old son Manikandan, who resided in his hometown. Since he was an alcoholic and addicted to drugs, he left his home and came to Palakkad for a job. There, he worked as a server in various hotels. He had an extra-marital affair with Meenakshi who often visited Palakkad for the past two years.Four months ago, Meenakshi told him she wanted a girl child to be used as a beggar on trains since she was getting old and could not work as sex worker. Selvam along with his friend hatched a plan to abduct the girl. Based on Selvam's confession, Coimbatore city police arrested Subramani on July 15 and arrested Meenakshi on Friday. She was sent to judicial custody on Saturday.\"Meenakshi has confessed to the crime. The trio was not involved in any other crimes as per our records,\" said R Srinivasalu, Inspector, Saibaba Colony police station.City police commissioner A K Viswanathan appreciated the special teams for crack down the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15090683", "title": "Jo dar gaya, woh mar gaya", "text": "Successful professionals let down by the corporate rat race are finding salvation in cooking for a living. And risk-taking is the one decisive ingredient in making any food entrepreneurship a lip-smacking hit, they tell Saadia S Dhailey.What is it about a kitchen that's turning it into a refuge for successful but disillusioned professionals? Why is slugging it out before a warm fire on their only day off being hailed the best stress buster? New Delhi-girl Ruchira Hoon-Philip can't quite explain it, but admits that the lure of cooking convinced her to quit an eightyear-long career in journalism. \"Researching recipes, planning menus for restaurants, even sourcing modest ingredients leaves me content,\" says the food blogger and consultant. If French national Lucie Masson, who's been living in India for eight months, heard that, she'd break into a knowing, dimpled smile. Masson, an investment executive, says she was able to escape the \"fake\" world of corporate challenges when she landed an opportunity to run the Siolim Cooking School in Goa. The reason, says Rahul Akerkar, managing director of de-Gustibus Hospitality and one of India's most popular restaurateurs, is simple: \"It's because everyone can taste.\" The man behind the Indigo chain of restaurants is a qualified biochemical engineer who walked the same path years ago. \"Times have changed. There's plenty of respect for the profession. People have realised that chefs are craftsmen, not bawarchis,\" he says. The real game changer, says celebrity chef Vikas Khanna , is access to avenues that make it a lucrative choice. \"What's unfolding is a highly evolved food game. We have dedicated food TV channels, food bloggers are gathering supporters and it's now mandatory for every print platform to cover eating out. No matter how many people get into it, the bubble is unlikely to burst.\" For Khanna, food is entertainment. \"Like music. It'll never go out of fashion.\" saadia.dhailey@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15084872", "title": "GRs on school buses very confusing: Santosh Jog", "text": "With over 20,000 students using school bus for transportation in city, safety issues for the entire system is a matter of huge concern. The government has made strict rules but parents say its implementation is not being carried out in the right spirit.TOI speaks to Santosh Jog, president of the Nagpur-based School &amp; Company Bus Owners Association, about the endless debate.Excerpts from the interview...Q. Parents have been complaining that government rules regarding schools buses are not being implemented properly. What are your views?A. There are various rules that govern school buses and they keep changing constantly. We are always at the forefront of implementing all the rules. I will give you an example of the tough job we face for implementation: Last year the government asked all school bus windows to be fitted with three bars for safety. We agreed it was a good rule and got the same fitted. Now, a few months back, the government asked us to fit total four bars on the windows, which means every single has to go back to garage to fit one more bar! Now so many government resolutions have come regarding school bus that I have lost count and to be honest the entire thing has become very confusing.Q. Why are old buses (over 15 years old) still being used to ferry students?A. The government has now changed the definition of old bus from 15 to 20 years. But, then, again this is not right as school buses hardly have any wear and tear. You look at the goods carrier vehicles and they keep running for 30 years on the road. I just don't think it is fair.Q. Speed governors have to be installed on every bus but many are still running without them.A. The government has said that speed governors should be installed by August 31 this year, and it is just the older buses which do not have them. I myself purchased half a dozen buses and they come fitted with a special machine that keeps a check on speed limit, thus making the speed governors redundant. We have approached the authorities and asked them to consider the new system. As for old buses, the speed in them is easily controlled by adjusting a nut on accelerator rod. Whenever the bus goes for passing, the transport officials would themselves adjust in such a way that the accelerator cannot be pressed fully to the floor, thus restricting speed. I have heard complaints from bus drivers that the speed governors are faulty and show incorrect data. Also once the buses arrive in city there is a stop every 150 meters, which means that the speed limit will always be less than 40km/hr.Q. The other issue is about students not being dropped till their homes. Why isn't this happening?A. In some areas it is almost impossible. Once I was following a school bus discreetly for inspection purposes and we reached a new layout where the roads are quite narrow. Once it enters, the movement of other vehicles are jammed. Soon, another school bus came from the opposite direction and it took almost 30 minutes just to get things sorted out. I hope we can follow a system where parents can bring their kids to the main road and then we can pick them up. This way no driver will be forced to increase speed to make up for lost time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15084970", "title": "Kasab could be rearrested", "text": "MUMBAI: Convicted Pakistani gunman Ajmal Kasab is likely to be rearrested in the 26/11 te---rror case so that he can be co-nfronted with his handler, Zabihuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal.\"We cannot question an accused in judicial custody and hence we will have to rearrest Ka-sab in the case. The purpose of making Kasab face Jundal is to verify our information that the latter was the one who trained them in Hindi and was one of the handlers for the Nariman House terrorists,\" said a Mumbai crime branch officer.The officer, though, added that they will take a legal opinion on how to go about it since a convict cannot be rearrested twice for the same offence in the same case.\"We have Jundal's voice during the 26/11 terror attack and a fresh voice sample will be taken for testing. These will be sent to the Mumbai or c.\" The officer added, \"We have formed teams to probe various aspects of the 26/11 case. A special team will interrogate him. A total of three teams will handle the probe; one for interrogation, another for paperwork and the third to make investigation trips outside Maharashtra, if required. At least 50 members will be involved.\"To avoid any security risk, Jundal's medical examination will be done within crime bra-nch premises. A multi-layer se-curity cordon has been sp-r-ead around him, including qu-ick response team commandos.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15090250", "title": "Needle sandwiches served in a flight", "text": "No one expects much from the sandwiches that they serve on board flights. If it is palatable, then in the world of airline food, it qualifies to be called good. Last week, an airline sandwich standard hit a new low after six needles were found in six separate sandwiches served on four Delta Air Lines flights that took off from Amsterdam for different destinations in the US.Four passengers bit into the sandwiches, none were seriously hurt, said media reports. The sandwiches were made by Gate Gourmet, at their food preparation facility near the Amsterdam airport. The FBI and Dutch police have launched a criminal investigation. After the news broke out, the airline issued a statement to the media. \"Delta is taking this matter extremely seriously and is cooperating with local and federal authorities who are investigating the incident. Delta has taken immediate action with our in-flight caterer at Amsterdam to ensure the safety and quality of the food we provide on board our aircraft,\" the airline said.Flight catering industry probably has one of the most complex operations systems in the world. The food served on board may not be tasty, but there are systems in place to prevent microbiological contamination as the time difference between food production in the flight kitchen to the time it is brought to the passenger can be quite long. The flight catering industry is estimated to be around 12 billion euros and more than 1 billion passengers are served each year. GateGourmet, the company that made the needle sandwiches is one of the two largest flight caterers in the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15085193", "title": "'Investment manufacturing zones can be growth drivers of economy'", "text": "NAGPUR: The Union minister for commerce, industry and textiles, Anand Sharma tried to beat the gloom in the economy saying there is no 'policy paralysis' at the centre. Sharma, who was in city to inaugurate the National Institute of Intellectual Property Management (NIMP) - the training agency on patents under his ministry, also attended an interaction with the local industrialists organized by the Confederation of Indian Industries (CII).He also announced the setting up of a National Investment Manufacturing Zone (NIMZ), planned at Kuhi and spread over an area one-fourth of Nagpur city, a convention centre and a virtual centre for agriculture produce export development authority (APEDA). The industrialists present did not seem much enthused and expected some concrete announcements.The NIMZ Sharma talked of has got an in-principle approval so far with two others in the state being finalized too. There was sceptism over the announcements too.\"Where is the policy paralysis, as the naysayers claim. The government has come up with over 100 circulars and press notes on FDI. The latest decision is to review the policy on yearly basis as against six-monthly prior to it. Last year, the country got FDI to the tune of $50 billion and reports by agencies, including World Bank , have ranked India among the top three favourable investment destinations,\" he said. \"Only Ernst and Young has ranked it fourth,\" he added.Sharma harped on the NIMZs being set up in 8 centres throughout the country, which he called to be the growth drivers of the economy. \"This is something which should have been done 20 years ago. The contribution of manufacturing sector to the GDP, which has stagnated to 16% to 17%, has to be taken to 25%, in which NIMZs can contribute substantially,\" he said.NIMZs are stand-alone industrial townships as large as a city. Maharashtra is the only state to have two - Dighi port in Raigad district and Shendre near Aurangabad. The third, mooted by Union minister for social justice Mukul Wasnik, between Kuhi and Umrer has been given an in-principle approval. \"Further procedure will be completed in due course,\" said Sharma.Cotton policy may be reviewedAlthough government has lifted the ban on cotton exports, the policy may be reviewed considering the drought-like situation and its affect on the commodity's output, said Union minister Anand Sharma. He defended his decision to ban the exports of cotton this year, which was eventually lifted. The minister said, \"First the domestic requirement of the commodity has to be fulfilled after which the surplus can be spared for exports. If the textile industries are deprived of cotton, the raw material there would be a bigger crisis. India is one of the leading exporters of textiles,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15093602", "title": "Vimal has his hands full", "text": "He has come quite a long way from his Koothu-P-Pattarai days, and seems to be making steady progress in Kollywood. Vimal, who shot to fame with his role in Pasanga and more recently in Sundar C's Kalakalappu, has been shooting in the city for Vasanth's latest offering Moondru Per Moondru Kadhal and has three other projects lined up this year.\"I feel fortunate to have been noticed through my Koothu-P-Pattarai performances, and Pasanga turned out to be the ideal launchpad for me,\" he says proudly.Vimal has been flooded with quite a few offers since, and considers himself lucky to be working with some good directors. \"I have been very comfortable working with Vasanth, who despite his status in the industry has made me feel very comfortable on the sets. I feel like I'm working with a family member, not a director,\" he says, pointing out his comfort levels with his MPMK director.Vimal will next be seen in C S Amudhan's Rendavathu Padam , debut director Ravi Lallin's Sillunu Oru Sandhippu and Pandiraj's Kedi Billa Killadi Ranga , where he will share screen space with actor-comedian Sivakarthikeyan of Marina fame.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15085384", "title": "Academic year under way, but 15,000 pupils sans new uniforms", "text": "PANAJI: Nearly two months into the academic year, over 15,000 Class I and Class III government school students are yet to receive their free set of new uniforms under a government scheme that's over a decade old. Orders for the uniforms were placed by the directorate of education (DoE) after the academic year began and the new director for education D P Dwivedi has now taken steps to fix the situation.At a meeting of education officials held this week, Dwivedi noted that 'no tangible progress has been made' in the supply of uniforms to students and asked a meeting to be fixed immediately with the suppliers, Goa Handicrafts Rural and Small Scale Industries Development Corporation, an official source said.\"Under the scheme, free uniforms, notebooks and raincoats are provided to primary school students free-of-cost. While the notebooks and raincoats are supplied to all students, the uniforms are provided only to government primary school students. These are needy students and the scheme itself is over a decade old. The DoE had a head even before Dwivedi's appointment but the orders were not placed,\" the source said.Dwivedi, an IAS officer who joined the directorate in June, admitted that the process of placing the order for the uniforms should have been completed by education officials before the academic year began.\"The order for the supply of uniforms was placed after my appointment in Goa and by then the academic year had already begun. I agree that the process of placing the orders should begin in April itself,\" Dwivedi said. The director met the corporation's managing director Nikhil Dessai to request that the uniforms be supplied immediately.Confirming this, Dwivedi said, \"Dessai informed us that a company in Margao has been given the order and the uniforms will be supplied by July 31 or by August 7 at the latest. I am personally monitoring the progress.\"The education director has also asked the additional district education officers to report to the DoE if any supplier has not yet provided to students the free notebooks and raincoats under the same scheme. The last date for supply was July 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15083900", "title": "Daughters visit Jaganmohan in jail", "text": "HYDERABAD: Fifty-six days after he was arrested and lodged in the Central Prison, Chanchalguda, Y S Jaganmohan Reddy, for the first time spent time with his two school-going daughters who visited him on Saturday.Jagan's mother Y S Vijayamma and wife Y Bharathi brought along the two girls. According to prison sources, it was an emotional time for the family as they spent time talking in the jailor's room in the administrative block of the prison, just inside the main gate. Both the children sat close to Jagan and chatted with their father. A bench and some chairs were provided for the family for the mulaqat. From the time Jagan was arrested on May 27, his wife Bharathi, mother Vijayamma, sister Sharmila and brother-in-law Anil have been paying regular visits. However, Bharathi never brought the children along with her anytime.According to prison's department sources, Jagan of late is hardly seen mingling with other special class prisoners at the old hospital block. Initially, he used to talk to them but it was noticed that he stays put in his prison cell. It is only when his family and partymen visit him does he come to the administrative block to meet them during mulaqat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15086250", "title": "3 floors for parking four-wheelers", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With the advisor to the UT administrator giving permission to chop around 160 trees, the way has been cleared for the construction of the first underground multilevel parking lot of the city in Sector 17.The two wheelers will be parked on the surface, while rest of the three basements would be for parking of four-wheelers. The project is coming up near the Gurdev Studio in Sector 17.To maintain the heritage status of Sector 17, the multi-level parking lot will have three basement floors and a surface parking. The 37 feet deep lot will come up on an area 3 lakh square feet, with 1 lakh square feet space earmarked for each basement floor. There would be one entry and exit point for vehicles at the multilevel parking lot.Another multilevel parking lot, which was planned in 2006 in Sector 17 near the Circus Ground has not come up till today. The project went in into litigation at its initial stage after a Delhi based company took over the project and it is still under litigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15090688", "title": "I go blank when Madhuri praises me: Salman", "text": "Salman Yusuff Khan is basking in the \"full marks\" fame these days it seems. Karan Johar, Madhuri Dixit and Remo can't help but give him full marks every time he performs.The celebrity dance show Jhalak Dikhhla Ja again saw full marks being awarded to the contestants Salman Yusuff Khan and Isha Sharvani . Khan and Isha are fifth time lucky and this time the challenges were more because it was Teen Ka Tadka where a third contestant joined the duo. For Salman and Isha it was actor Karanvir Bohra. Though Salman was lucky to be paired opposite a trained dancer like Isha, it is not always a cakewalk for the choreographer who shot to fame with another dance reality show.\"For me it was the most stressful and hectic week, because both Karanvir and Isha were not well and they were on medication. We got two days for our rehearsals. The first day went in deciding the song and the choreography style and the second day was spent in rehearsals. We were not even sure of getting full marks at the technical rehearsal.\" And was it more tiring for him to conceptualise a theme every week and then execute it perfectly? \"I am a performer and my job is to come up with a better concept and better act every week. I have never run away from hard work and being unique in my act is my forte and after taking so much effort you can only hope for the best. Audiences and judges are entitled to their own opinion and I am happy that till date they have been happy.\"This week Salman also got special comments from the diva herself. \"Madhuri Ma'am told me 'Salman you are simply the best, what else can we expect from you.' It really made me numb. I go completely blank when Madhuri praises me.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15084590", "title": "No anticipatory bail for Dinesh Thakkar alias Kalgi", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A city sessions court on Saturday refused to grant anticipatory bail to Dinesh Thakkar alias Kalgi in connection with a case wherein Kalgi and Mahendra Patel alias Mukhi are accused of duping a senior citizen.The Ellisbridge police had booked them following a complaint by one Tapan Bardhan, who accused that the duo had conspired and usurped his flat and took Rs 4 lakh from him and also beat him up.A resident of Bopal, Bardhan (60) used to work as a technician with the National Institute of Design (NID). After retirement, Bardhan got a contract to install an air-condition plant at the Sudama Resort. Bardhan was supposed to be paid Rs 22.40 lakh, but he was not paid the full amount. tnnBardhan wanted to purchase a flat. He approached Kalgi who pretended to help him and also gave Bardhan a flat in Bopal.According to Bardhan's complaint, the agreement between him and Kalgi was that payment for the flat at Parikrama Apartment in Bopal would be deducted from Bardhan's fees for installing the AC plant. However, the deal went dud after Bardhan completed his contract. According to the complainant, the terms of agreement specified that the house was now his and that Kalgi's still owed him Rs 4 lakh as the remaining portion of his fees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15084469", "title": "Cops keep eye on all 3 factories", "text": "GURGAON: Three days after the Manesar violence, police continued to keep a vigil on all three plants of Maruti Suzuki India Ltd even as raids were conducted in Manesar, Delhi, Jind, Sonepat and other places to arrest the main accused. Meanwhile, state labour minister Shiv Charan Lal Sharma cancelled his visit to the Maruti plant on Saturday.Sources said that some members of the workers' union of Maruti's Manesar plant have been detained. \"Police teams are on the lookout for the accused. They will be arrested soon,\" said Maheswar Dayal, DCP (southeast).Sources said that cyber and forensic experts were analyzing the CCTV camera footage and other evidence. \"Our teams are on the job. We are investigating the matter from all angles. We hope to get a clear picture soon,\" said K K Sindhu, commissioner of police. Condolence meet: A condolence meet was held at the Japanese Hostel in the honour of Awanish Kumar Dev, GM (HR) of Maruti Suzuki's Manesar plant who died in Wednesday's violence. The meeting was organized by the alumni of Dev's alma mater, Xaviers Institute of Social Services, Ranchi. About 40 people, both from Maruti's HR wing and XISS gathered at the event to pay their respects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15083958", "title": "System of moon sighting needs change, say scholars", "text": "HYDERABAD: More than 80 years of existence and many goof ups later, the Royat-e-Hilal (moon sighting) committee, in charge of announcing the arrival of Ramzan and declaring Eid, still shuns the aid of science and technology in sighting the crescent moon. The unusual delay in announcing the arrival of Ramzan on Friday is another example of how the committee has bungled up yet again- first declaring that the first day of fasting would be Sunday and recanting later at night, creating confusion all across the state.This instance of confusion is the third in the past five years. In 2008, while Eid was declared on the intervening night of the 29th of Ramzan and the 1st of Shawwal (Hijri), the committee, on account of its archaic methods of spotting the moon, decided not to join the country in the celebrations leaving many fuming over the committee's lack of coordination. Many scholars of Islam are of the opinion that if the moon is sighted at one place in the country, Ramzan or Eid can be declared.Mohammed Bin Omar, a techie said, \"The siren signifying the arrival of Ramzan is sounded latest by 7.30 pm. But when this didn't happen, my family and I went to the outskirts of the city for a drive. It was not till 10 pm that we found out that Ramzan was to start on Saturday. Many like me missed taraweeh (special night prayers during Ramzan) on account of this confusion.\"According to Maulana Qubool Pasha Shuttari, president of the committee and secretary of Majlis-e-Ulama-e-Deccan, science finds no place in religion and more so in matters pertaining to declaring festivals and announcing Ramzan. \"There is no room for science here. Even using a telescope for sighting the moon is unnecessary as it has to be spotted with the naked eye without any aid,\" Maulana Shuttari said. However, he admitted that mistakes in sighting the moon have been made in the past by committees across the country.Citizens and Islamic scholars noted that the committee lacked a system for making announcements and pointed out that the committee must include individuals with modern education who are open to technology. According to sources from within the committee, of the 17 members of the committee only four have received modern education.Mirza Yawar Baig, entrepreneur and khateeb of a mosque in Banjara Hills said, \"India is one time zone so Ramzan and Eid must be celebrated across the country on the same day. There are ways to sight the moon despite the cloud cover. For instance, in Mangalore, people go out on a boat into the sea away from the city so that spotting the moon becomes easy. Also, to avoid confusion, an arrangement can be made with the meteorological department.\"Scholars of Islam pointed out that there were many fatwas in favour of the use of technology. Maulana Syed Rashid Naseem Nadwi, associate professor at English and Foreign Languages University, said, \"There are many fatwas, compiled by Maulana Salman Mansoorpuri indicating that scientific methods can be used. One such is the use of helicopters. Further, the Royat-e-Hilal committee has no proper mechanism of reporting where the moon was sighted and when the declaration should be made.\"Confusion was also palpable in the Shia community of the city with two groups - Anjuman-e-Masoomin and Ulama-o-Zakireen - having issued contradictory declarations with one announcing that Ramzan would begin on Saturday and the other on Sunday. Sabir Ali, secretary, Anjuman-e-Masoomin said, \"There still is confusion among many people. Many are under the impression that Saturday is the 30th of Shaban and Ramzan will start on Sunday.\"According to scholars the traditionally conservative approach to moon sighting is not restricted to the committee in Hyderabad alone. There are several such bodies in the country that follow the same old methodology in sighting the crescent. \"The ulema should agree at national level to a system of sighting moon which is in sync with the modern times. Until that happens the Muslims will continue to be subjected to confusion,\" one of the scholars said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15086647", "title": "Dog bites 6 including 4 schoolgirls", "text": "HUBLI: Six persons including a police constable and four schoolgirls were bitten by a stray dog on Saturday at Gandhi Nagar on Gokul road in Hubli. According to sources, police constable B I Kittur, 4 schoolgirls including Vijaylakshami Athani, and a woman, Banu Bijapur, were injured in the stray dog attack.They were treated at the KIMS hospital. Later in the evening as per HDMC orders, the corporation workers killed the dog by poisoning it, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15085559", "title": "Travel long distances across Goa by boat soon", "text": "PANAJI: In a bid to ensure an \"effective mode of transport by introducing quick and safe passenger transport services\", the state government will invite expressions of interest (EoI) to develop the state's \"unutilized waterways\".This aims at reducing traffic congestion on roads, transport minister Ramkrishna 'Sudin' Dhavalikar said in his written reply to a question tabled by Sanquelim MLA Pramod Sawant. Sawant sought to know whether the government has plans to start a public water transport service along longer routes within the state.Around 8.66 lakh vehicles have been registered with the transport department and around 50,000 new vehicles make it to Goan roads every year.The EoI has been issued by the river navigation department to interested and competent parties asking them to prepare a techno-feasibility report for operating ferry services along viable routes through the inland waterways of Goa.The EoI states that the competent parties should conduct a market study and demands an assessment for viable inland water routes like Panaji-Vasco. It also asks parties to carry out a site analysis with regards to location, connectivity and approach, orientation, surrounding developments, general topography, sewerage and waste water disposal.\"Stakeholder consultations should be held with the RND and other government agencies, private sector representatives, investors/financiers, etc to incorporate feedback on the potential acceptability of the project,\" the EOI states.Dhavalikar also said that the government is aware that motorcycle pilots, taxi drivers and auto rickshaw drivers await customers at motor cycle/ taxi stands in an inebriated state. \"The executive staff of enforcement from the North and South regions of the directorate of transport willl conduct surprise checks using alcometers on drivers, conductors, cleaners, motorcycle pilots, taxi drivers to ascertain whether they are under the influence of alcohol,\" Dhavalikar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15093664", "title": "Traffic police collects fine of Rs 5.58 crore in last six months", "text": "PUNE: The Pune traffic police, in the last six months, took action in over 4.45 lakh cases of traffic violations. The total fine collected in this period is over Rs 5.58 crore.Deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Vishwas Pandhre said the traffic police have been conducting special drives against various traffic offences to ensure road safety, traffic discipline and smooth traffic. Most traffic violations are about signal jumping. The traffic police have also focused its action against drunk driving, and rash driving.The traffic police have also issued orders for imposing traffic restrictions or effecting traffic changes on the roads to ensure smooth traffic flow. In the last six months, a total of 111 traffic orders were issued of which 44 were about no-parking restrictions. A total of 35 orders were issued for parking restrictions on odd and even dates. Seven orders were issued for prohibiting entry of heavy vehicles on roads.In the last six months, the traffic police took action against 2001 cases of drunk driving. The motorists were booked and the cases were sent to court. The court gave judgements in a total of 1564 cases and imposed a fine of Rs 40.94 lakh on the traffic violators.Last year, citizens in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad paid traffic fines to the tune of Rs 10.63 crore. The number of cases of traffic violations and traffic fines has been increasing consistently over the last five to six years. Traffic officials say the fine does not seem to be a deterrent for traffic violators. An increase in fines could make an impact in better traffic discipline and road safety, the officials added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15084595", "title": "Low pressure over Bengal, high hopes of rain in Gujarat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In the light of highly deficient rain scenario in the state, there are high hopes from the low pressure system which has formed over the Bay of Bengal. If it continues to moves towards west-north-westerly direction, there are high possibilities of the system giving good rains in Gujarat on Monday and Tuesday.Weather officials said that even as the state is suffering from rain deficiency this monsoon, hopes now are being pinned on the low pressure. \"We are tracking this system. If all goes well, this system is likely to give heavy rains over north, central, east and south Gujarat and moderate rains in Kutch and Saurashtra,\" said an official.With only 60 days of the monsoon season left, Gujarat is severely lagging behind in rains, precipitating fears of a dry-year ahead. The state has received only 152 mm rains as against the average seasonal rainfall of 798mm expected this year. This is only 19% of the season's rains.Of the 225 talukas, more than half talukas have received rains less than 125 mm. Kutch is severely hit this year. Barring Rapar and Gandhidham, no other taluka in Kutch has received rains in double digit. Four talukas of this district - Abdasa, Bhuj, Lakhpat and Nakhatrana - have not received a single rainfall this season.However, Sabarkantha, which remains dry and arid otherwise, has been lucky. It is the only district in the state which is classified as having received normal rainfall in the state by the Indian Meteorological Department (IMD), Gujarat.On Friday, the state received only 0.10 mm rains. People have been praying hard for the skies to open up. \"I started my shravan fast praying to Lord Shiva that it should rain,\" said Bhavna Chauhan, a resident of Vejalpur.\"To ensure good drinking water supply and agriculture, rains are essential. If it doesn't rain, the poor reeling under price rise won't be able to afford anything to eat,\" Chauhan added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15084747", "title": "Kalyan-Kasara restoration work completed", "text": "MUMBAI: Railway traffic on the Kalyan-Kasara section has become fully functional after Central Railway team completed restoration work at spot where the Vidharbha Express had collided with the derailed compartments of a suburban local on July 19.The CR team was carrying restoration work since July 20. The restoration work was hampered by heavy rains and difficult terrain.A CR spokesperson said, \"Rail traffic on the Up line was restored by 1pm on July 21 and on the down line by 8.20pm on July 20.\"Speed restriction of 10 kmph has been imposed on the affected stretch. A special block will be taken to replace the damaged sleepers in a few days.CR said that impact of restoration work will have an effect on the running of long-distance trains on July 22.Two Mumbai-bound trains---Agra c arriving in Mumbai on July 22 and the Muzaffarpur-LTT Express, reaching Mumbai on July 25---have been cancelled.Three long distance trains---Gondia Vidarbha Express, Nagpur Duronto Express and Amravati Express, scheduled to leave on July 22 from Mumbai---have been rescheduled.One person had died, while 14 suffered injuries after the collision on Kasara-Umbermali section. Eleven coaches of Kasara-CST suburban train were derailed at 9.30 pm on Thursday due landslide on this section. A couple of minutes later, Vidarbha Express, coming from opposite direction collided with the derailed coach.Motormen of the N-30 Kasara-CST local R K Roy and loco pilot A R Khan of Vidarbha Express have been given cash awards of Rs 5,000 each by the CR GM for their alertness and professionalism due to which a greater tragedy was averted and human lives were saved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15085515", "title": "Chennai-Bangalore corridor: Officials propose new routes", "text": "CHENNAI: The proposed Chennai-Bangalore corridor, modelled on the Delhi-Mumbai corridor (DMIC), is still at the boardroom stage and officials of other states are already proposing new routes.\"We have come to make our pitch of including Andhra Pradesh in the proposed corridor,\" said Dr J Geeta Reddy, Andhra Pradesh minister for major industries, sugar, and commerce and export promotion at the Assocham (Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India)-MCCI (Madras Chamber of Commerce and Industry) national conference here on Saturday.Andhra Pradesh officials want the corridor to link Nellore (in the east) and Anantapur (in the west). \"The proposed corridor won't end up as a straight line, but will pass through a lot of industrial areas. Nellore is already home to an integrated business city ( Sri City) and we are proposing an airport at Nellore and sea connectivity through Krishnapatnam. There is a broad gauge line between Chennai and Nellore. With good sea, land and air connectivity along the route, it makes sense to expand the corridor,\" Pradeep Chandra, principal secretary (industries), Andhra Pradesh, said.Others want the corridor to be extended to include Mangalore on the west coast. \"There has been a meeting of senior officials from both states about shortening the time of travel between Mangalore and Chennai ports. That would involve digging tunnels along the route (Western Ghats). Experts from Japan studied this proposal and feel it's doable,\" C Kandasamy, director general (road development) and special secretary, Union ministry of road transport and highways, said. Some others proposed an inter-country route (Tamil Nadu-Karnataka-Sri Lanka) touching Trincomalee (a port city in Sri Lanka ) en route Colombo.Originally, the corridor was envisaged as a multi-billion dollar larger corridor that would end in Mumbai and cover Tamil Nadu and Karnataka. Officials from Karnataka and Tamil Nadu had also discussed the possibility of a high-speed dedicated freight corridor with active assistance from Japan. Incidentally, Japan has provided technical and financial aid to the Delhi-Mumbai industrial corridor), covering 1,483 km.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15086618", "title": "China advances, but India sticks to \u2018stay-calm policy\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Even as India builds a powerful three-dimensional Navy to protect its huge geo-strategic interests in the Indian Ocean Region and beyond, as well as counter China's expanding arc of influence, it remains clear that it does not want \"confrontations\" on the high seas.India remains concerned at the way China is increasingly flexing its muscles in the Asia-Pacific region but, at the same time, is not willing to be part of any US-led great game to \"rebalance\" forces in the region to contain China.\"We do not believe in confrontations...that is India's policy,'' said defence minister A K Antony , after commissioning the country's latest indigenous stealth frigate, the 6,100-tonne INS Sahyadri, into the Navy on Saturday.Asked about the contentious South China Sea, where Beijing has even needled New Delhi apart from behaving aggressively in its territorial disputes with countries like Vietnam , Taiwan and the Philippines, Antony said India was a firm believer in \"the unhindered freedom of navigation and freedom of passage for all\" in international waters.\"Issues between countries should be sorted out by dialogue, discussion and persuasion without any confrontation,'' he added.While it strikes a fine balance in the ongoing geo-political rivalry between the US and China, India is slowly but surely adding to its military muscle to take care of any contingencies in its primary area of strategic interest spreading from the Persian Gulf to Malacca Strait.\"Every year hereafter, Navy is going to get five warships...The need for a strong and vigilant Navy to defend our vast coastline and to maintain sea lanes of communication hardly needs any emphasis,'' said Antony.Towards this end, Navy already has well-laid plans worth over Rs 3 lakh crore for the next 15 years, which includes 50 warships already ordered and another 45 in the planning process. Antony confirmed the over Rs 50,000 crore project to indigenously construct seven new advanced stealth frigates, as was reported by TOI earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15091225", "title": "John Cena, Stone Cold in Kollywood?", "text": "This might be the craziest news for all the fans of World Wrestling Entertainment. Two of its most loved stars John Cena and Stone Cold Steve Austin might soon be seen in a Tamil movie!The two superstars are said to be in talks with the team of Aascar Ravichandran's Boologam , which stars Jayam Ravi and Trisha in the lead. It is said that the two wrestling stars will be required for a scene where they will fight against Jayam Ravi.Meanwhile, we do know that Jayam Ravi is playing a boxer in the film and has already undergone training in boxing for many months in preparation for the film. The question now remains on how the two wrestlers will fit into a film that is about boxing.But, this is not the first time that WWE stars have been seen in an Indian film. People like Crush and Undertaker have been part of Khiladiyon Ka Khiladi , which starred Akshay Kumar . Indian wrestling superstar Khali too has become a popular face on films and small screen in the recent years. Now, it remains to see if any of these wrestlers will indeed make it to Kodambakkam to act in a Tamil film!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "bankura (west bengal)", "code": "15093800", "title": "Tusker tramples man to death", "text": "BANKURA (WEST BENGAL): A man was trampled to death by a wild elephant at Onda in Bankura district on Sunday.Forest officials said the 65-year old was picked up by the tusker as he fell before it and crushed under its legs at Hatibari area.The tusker, part of a herd, was apparently being chased by some people from a paddy field when the tragedy struck.The jumbo was later driven back to its group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15084605", "title": "Creepy crawlies invade Gujarat village", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Lavad, a tiny village about 60km from here, is under siege. The only primary school has declared a mid-term vacation and nearly half of the 6,000-strong population has migrated.The reason is that millions of centipedes have surfaced in the village out of nowhere, making life hell for villagers. The creepy crawlies have invaded kitchens, homes and schools. The village panchayat was forced to close the school for the time being. \"We closed classes after centipedes were found in the kitchen where the midday meal is prepared,\" says village sarpanch Ushaben Chauhan.She says certain village pockets vacated. The state government, too, has initiated action to curb the menace. \"We have asked veterinary doctors to visit these areas, \" says M AGandhi, district development officer of Gandhinagar.In the meantime, the remaining villagers are holding fort by sprinkling tobacco power \u2014 a grandma's recipe to get rid of the arthropods.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15084144", "title": "Child marriage rampant in Jharkhand, says survey", "text": "RANCHI: In this day and age when Indian-American astronaut Sunita Williams has gone in space for the second time while India's own Bachendri Pal has the credit of being the first woman to conquer Mt. Everest, most parents in Jharkhand still marry off their daughters even before they attain adulthood.A recent survey titled 'Marriage can wait, our rights can't' -- a study exploring causes, impacts and resistance in the context of early marriage in Jharkhand -- revealed that even now 56% of the girls in rural areas of the state are married off before the age of 18.The situation is comparatively better in urban centres where only 29% girls are married before they attain adulthood.To avoid inter-caste marriage, parents in the state even marry off their minor daughter to widowers. One such case came to the notice of the survey team in Hazaribag district where a 16-year-old girl was married off to a widower with two children from first wife after her elder sister (20) married a man from another caste.The survey conducted by Praxis and supported by Ford Foundation, Oak Foundation and Breakthrough between December 2011 and March 2012, extensively covered 11 locations in the state, including tribal and minority dominated villages and colonies.Quoting the survey result, a Praxis official said at Jagdishpur in Hazaribagh district one Rupan, on her free will, married a boy from a different caste when she was 20.\"Soon after, her sister Sunita was married to a rich widower with two children when she was just 16.Her brother said the family took this step out of fear of ostracism. To prevent situations like those created by Rupan's inter-caste marriage, families play it safe and marry off their daughters young,\" said the official.Citing another incident the official said they also came to about cases where sometimes attempted suicide also failed to save unwilling girls from early marriage. Pooja from Hazaribag Sadar, when forced to marry against her wishes, attempted suicide.\"She was saved by her family members and convinced to marry the same groom,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15084156", "title": "Gurudwara committee opposes wall demolition", "text": "INDORE: Following stiff opposition by the members of Gururdwara committee, a joint team formed for removal of structures coming en route to the planned Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) corridor had to return empty handed from LIG Gurudwara on Saturday morning. The committee members remained adamant till the end that they would not allow the wall to be demolished until unless they are provided the parking space.Earlier, a joint team of district administration, Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC), Indore Development Authority (IDA) and police reached LIG Gurudwara to demolish its wall and clear 12 feet of land for the smooth progress of BRTS construction works. However, members of Gurudwara committee got irked by the presence of bulldozer in front of the religious place and confronted their move. In the meantime, members of Sikh community reached the spot in large number forcing the administration to retreat. A member of Gurudwara committee told TOI that mayor Krishnamurari Moghe had promised them to provide parking space after putting concrete slab over nullah adjacent to the structure. They had also promised to make alternate arrangement for water tank near gate and an entry gate as well.However, without fulfilling these promises, administration was trying to demolish the wall.\"Entry gate of Gurudwara is on the front side and demolition of the wall will leave Gurudwara open, inviting security issues. We will not allow it to happen unless and until alternate arrangements are made,\" said the member adding that Gurudwara was not constructed on the government land.Later, the committee members had a meeting with the collector to sort out the issue. Collector Akash Tripathi reportedly assured them to look into their demands.In the last three days, administration managed to remove portions of three religious places coming in the way of the BRTS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15086108", "title": "Organic food graces tables in Pune homes", "text": "PUNE: Organic farming and consumption of organic food that began in a measured way a few years ago is now rising in the city. Entrepreneurs have taken to pesticide-free farming where they grow vegetables, pulses and grains and even home deliver them. Users say since it is free of chemicals it has increased their life span.Shrinivas Kulkarni has been into organic farming for 10 years now. \"When I started out, very few people knew about organic farming. Only the NRI community had some idea. But in the last four-five years more people have begun to buy organic produce,\" he said.Kulkarni grows select vegetables and pulses and grains on his farm. Customers order via a website, and the orders are delivered at the doorstep. \"Organic living is very beneficial, but awareness must grow. It is the IT crowd that is pioneering a healthy lifestyle in India,\" he said.But are sales profitable for the farmers? \"Profit margins from vegetables are very slim as sale volumes are low. As much as 20-25% vegetables perish, and that adds to the overhead costs. But, they are good with grains and pulses,\" he said.Vasudha Sardar, who owns a 75-acre farm in Daund taluka where she practices organic farming, said when she began farming, the soil had been affected due to chemicals. \"I looked for solutions, spoke to experts and then started organic farming. It all started as an experiment, and now everything we grow is organic. The plants are also healthier and the yield is more.\"Sardar has a few outlets in the city where she sells her produce and home delivery is on a small scale. \"We don't want organic vegetables to be mixed with other vegetables. At present, we take a one-time order from customers. They visit our site or tell us over the telephone the vegetables and the quantity they need. According to their taste and needs, and of course availability of vegetables, we deliver the produce to their homes,\" she said.Padmaja Dave, who manages another such organic farm and home delivers, said, \"Our farm is 80% organic. It was begun by Pune-born Indo-German Marc Cremer and his wife Benedikte. It started as Marc's hobby and his desire to have fresh lettuce in India. They began by marketing their lettuce to their friends, and soon, they had established a network of dedicated Puneites who wanted lettuce delivered to their door.\"The farm grows salad vegetables, herbs and English vegetables not easily available in India. It has a home delivery distribution network covering Pune. \"Our brand equity has grown many folds in the last few years. We entered the delicacy market last year and produce some pestos, sauces and dressings to enhance the taste of our fresh vegetables and lettuces,\" Dave said.The prices are low to cater to the middle-class. \"Health and nutrition issues have lead to the increase in organic food production. Our customers order via email or SMS, and our delivery van visits them once a week,\" she adds.Yuthika K Sinha, a homemaker from Koregaon Park, said, \"I have been following an organic lifestyle for a year. With more websites catering to home delivery of organic vegetables and fruits, it has become easier to live healthy. The food my family eats today more healthy, tasty as it is farm fresh and natural. Some entrepreneurs have also begun listing organic sandwich pickles and salad dressings.\"Nutritionist Revati Shirodkar said, \"Organic food is definitely better. It not only keeps unnecessary toxins from entering your system, but also extends longevity and keeps many illnesses at bay.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15085654", "title": "University senate elects academics\u2019 candidate to VC search panel", "text": "CHENNAI: The election of members for the search committee to select the University of Madras vice-chancellor has turned into a suspense thriller, as the two warring groups have won one point each. Defeating the pro-government group candidate, a special senate meeting of the University of Madras on Saturday elected S Sathikh, former vice-chancellor of Madras university as its representative to the three-member search panel. Sathikh, a senior academician, was the candidate of academics and teaching faculty in the senate.As a candidate of the 'academics group' from the syndicate, he was defeated by the pro-government group on Friday after three proxy members from the state government cast their votes, allegedly in violation of the Madras University Act. Now, with the two groups evenly placed, the governor's nominee in the three-member search panel to select G Thiruvasagam's successor will play the crucial role.\"This is a victory of academics and teaching faculty against forces trying to politicise the VC post,\" said a senior syndicate member in favour of Sathikh. Out of the 77 members who cast their votes in the election on Saturday, Sathikh got 49 votes against P Kanniappan, former VC of Alagappa university, received 28 votes. Senate of the university, the supreme policy-making body, has 103 members including academics, elected members and representatives of government and members of legislative assembly. No proxy member voted in the Saturday meeting.Hgher education secretary T S Sreedhar nominated the name of Kanniappan against academics' candidate Sathikh. A senior syndicate member said the office of the higher education secretary was directly campaigning for the government candidate since Friday. \"Most of the elected representatives and academics in the senate received calls from the higher education secretary's office demanding favourable vote for the government candidate,\" said the member.As per UGC norms, the VC selection panel should give weightage to academic excellence, exposure to higher education and experience in academic governance. According to the norms, the VC should be a distinguished academic with at least 10 years experience as professor in a university system or 10 years experience in an equivalent position in a reputed research or academic administrative organization.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15096264", "title": "Government's divisive policies led to clash in Kokrajhar: Ulfa", "text": "GUWAHATI: The anti-talk faction of the Ulfa on Sunday alleged that the \"divisive policies\" of the government has led to clashes between Bodos and minority immigrants in Kokrajhar district.\"Congress governments have always attempted to divide the people of the state on communal lines and the recent disturbing incidents in Kokrajhar reflect this trend,\" Ulfa publicity in-charge Arunodoy 'Asom'' alleged in a statement.\"It is indeed sad that in the land where people of different communities and religions have lived in peace and harmony such incidents of violence and hatred were taking place,\" the statement added.\"We also believe that the Kokrajhar incidents may have been instigated to divert the attention of the public from the recent incidents of molestation on GS Road (in Guwahati) of a girl by a mob and Demow in Sibsagar by an army jawan,,\"he averred.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15086867", "title": "AN College chosen for global project", "text": "PATNA: The local AN College, a constituent unit of Magadh University, has added yet another feather in its cap following its selection as a collaborating partner of \"India for EU project\" under the Erasmus Mundus Action Two Programme. A communication to this effect was received from the department of international affairs, Politechnico di Torino, Italy, here on Saturday.Giving details of the project, college principal Haridwar Singh said that this international project has nine European partners and nine Indian partnering universities and institutions. This project will provide opportunities to the college faculty members and students of international exposure through fellowships and scholarships at different levels. The other Indian partners include Anna University, Chennai; IIT Delhi; Indian Statistical Institute, Kolkata; Jadavpur University, Kolkata; Kakatiya University, Warangal; and Indian School of Mines, Dhanbad, he said.AN College has already been rated as the best performing teaching and research partner in the Erasmus Mundus project (2009-13). This collaboration with three European universities since 2010 has yielded rich academic dividends in the form of student internships and exchange programmes, faculty exchange programmes, preparation of new research proposals and publication and presentation of research papers. All the programmes are being coordinated by Ashok Kumar Ghosh of the environment and water management department of the college.The present Indo-European project will open up fresh opportunities for scholars in the fields of environment management, water science, biotechnology, life sciences, nanotechnology, geosciences, electronics and material sciences, said the principal.BIT Patna: Four students of BIT Patna have been selected for participation in the international meet to be held at Osaka, Japan, from October 22 to 25 this year.The students, namely Gaurav Verma of production engineering department, Navneet Nayan of electronics and telecommunications, Himanshu Chandra Lal and Kumar Abhijeet of information technology department have been invited by the organizers to present their model on reducing the activation energy of fuels required in nuclear fusion reactors. All these students have been working on their model for the last several years under the supervision of applied physics department head S K Srivastava.This prestigious meet is being organized by Elsevier in association with International Atomic Energy Agency and Japan Atomic Energy Agency. The organizers will be awarding prizes for the best young scientists' oral and poster presentation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15086691", "title": "Defunct helplines, helpless passengers", "text": "HUBLI: If you thought the helpline numbers displayed at the old bus stand will come handy when you need information on bus timings and routes, try calling the numbers. There are three numbers 9480816133, 9480816135 and 0836-2221089 written over there, but you will surely end up feeling frustrated calling them one after the other as the first two numbers simply do not exist and for the third one -- nobody picks up the call. But the North Western Karnataka Road Transport Corporation ( NWKRTC) seems to be least bothered about it.People who want information on bus service including timings, route, ticket fare etc are at their wits' end as all the helplines are defunct. Pawan Adur was one such passenger who gave up after dialling the numbers continuously for over half-an-hour. He came from Shimoga and wanted to know the bus timings to Kolhapur. He went to the controller seeking information, but at that time the controller was not in his seat. So he called the helpline numbers, but to no avail.Also, there are no proper sign boards at the bus stand, leaving passengers running from pillar to post to catch the right bus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15084740", "title": "New breed of cyber criminals on the rise", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Ajay (name changed), 16, was surprised when city crime branch officials came knocking at his door earlier this year. Police got an internet protocol (IP) address of the computer used to create fake account of a 16-year-old girl and its trail led them to Ajay's house.After repeated denials, Ajay finally confessed that when he was spurned by the girl he decided to get even with her. Thus, he created a fake profile of the girl on a social networking site and circulated it around with her mobile phone number and photographs.On second day of the cyber crime awareness workshop in Gandhinagar , experts talked about search and seizure of electronic evidences, cyber forensics, mobile phone crime investigation and financial frauds. More than 200 policemen and forensic experts participated in the event.Mayur Chavda, assistant commissioner of police (crime), shared his experience of cyber crime investigationat city crime branch. \"We've observed that the average age of cyber criminals is going down over the period of time. The trend can be attributed to the fact that the technology is now available at fingertips and many exploit it for getting even or just for fun,\" he said.Chavda said that in many cases of fake profiles on social networking sites, parents of the girl refrain from filing an official complaint due to social stigma attached to it. \"We, however, try to bring the accused to the book and explain them dangers of the cyber crime,\" he said.Hitesh Sanghvi, assistant director, Directorate of Forensic Sciences, talked about the cyber forensics and said that most of the cases that come to forensic experts are related to forged documents such as mark sheets, certificates and other documents prepared with the help of computers.The workshop was jointly organized by Data Security Council of India and Department of Electronics and Information Technology in collaboration with Gujarat Forensic Sciences University.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15084444", "title": "'I don't regret my action, only timing of notice'", "text": "MUMBAI: Anita Advani, who claims to have been staying with Rajesh Khanna the last few years of his life, does not regret sending a legal notice to his family but feels bad about the timing.\"I was pushed into taking the step and it was because of the humiliations I faced after dedicating 10 years of my life to him. I don't regret my action but only the timing of the notice. I was told he was getting better but not allowed access. That hurt,\" said 49-year-old Advani, explaining her decision to send the notice. On Tuesday, a day before the superstar passed away, Advani, claiming to be his live-in partner, sent his family a legal notice, seeking compensation, a house to stay and a monthly maintenance. Advani, however, denied allegations that she wanted a share in the property. \"It is ridiculous. to say I am after the property or Aashirwad, which I had suggested, should be turned into a museum.The only reason I asked for compensation is that I felt I was stripped of everything; I was not allowed to meet the man I loved...I am asking for a compensation that a live-in partner is entitled to. My lawyers will be able to give you more details.\"Anita Advani, in her notice to Khanna, claimed that she had been restrained from entering the actor's Carter Road bungalow Aashirwad since June this yearTOI messaged both Khanna's wife Dimple and son-in-law Akshay Kumar but received no response from either of them.Advani, who had a crush on Rajesh Khanna since childhood, did her schooling in Jaipur and has a foreign connection. \"I am related to the Marcos family from the Philippines. My uncle Fidel Ramos was the former president of the Philippines and my aunt Leticia Ramos Shahani a senator.\" A businesswoman, Advani said, \"I had tried producing a film. But now I own a shop and work in share market.\"She is not worried about the Khanna family's clout. \"I will fight for the truth and may also get rapped, but am doing it for the man I loved and lost. Besides, I don't want people to think I am spineless or a martyr,\" said Advani who observed a private chautha . \"I arranged for a chautha of my own, I don't want to go for the Khanna chautha and be humiliated again.\"According to her, their relationship turned into love when she was in her 40s. \"I used to go and hang outside Aashirwad, but I first met him when I was 13 outside Mehboob Studio. He took an instant liking to me,\" Advani said. \"Then in 2001, I met him at a couple of parties with others like Anju Mahendru and Reena Roy. That's how our friendship grew and continued till the end...He was a very private person but he did have a temper. He was also like a child and would crack jokes and make us laugh.\" She recalled how Rajesh Khanna loved to eat. \"He would say he needed at least 10 dishes on his table when he sat down to eat,\" she said. \"A fantastic host, he made sure he attended to his guests personally.\"Advani claimed she and Rajesh Khanna shopped for material required to convert his home into a museum. \"We went to buy artifacts, paintings, carpets. New prints of his old photos were made from a studio in Bandra. New copies of some of his trophies that were destroyed were also made.He didn't really want to make any changes to the house.\" He said he wanted people to feel his presence when they visited the house. The interior decoration was supposed to be done by Rohit Shah.\"She claimed, \"Mr Khanna was hurt when he read reports that Akshay Kumar had renovated the house...I remember him saying Twinkle wanted to renovate the drawing room but he refused. He did not take favours from anyone even at the end of his life...\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15086844", "title": "Patna University staff on strike, office paralysed", "text": "PATNA: The working of Patna University (PU) office and all its allied wings remained paralysed on Saturday following an agitation launched by the non-teaching staff in support of their pending demands.The agitating staff reported for duty in their respective departments, but immediately came out of the office after signing the attendance register. They staged a demonstration in front of the PU office and shouted slogans in support of their demands.PU Employees' Association general secretary Binod Mishra said the current agitation would continue till July 24. If their demands were not conceded, they would resort to direct action in the last week of July, he added.PU syndicate: Confirming the decisions of the academic council, the Patna University syndicate on Saturday waived the cutoff marks in the entrance test for admission to the three-year degree courses in its colleges.The syndicate, at its meeting held here under the chairmanship of vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh, approved the revised admission ordinance and regulations of BFA course of the College of Arts and Crafts. The syndicate also approved amendments in the existing regulations for D Litt degree of the university.Entrance test: The entrance test for admission to the LLB Part I course of Patna Law College will be held on Monday, said college principal Rakesh Verma.The test was earlier held on July 3 at B N College, but it was cancelled by PU in view of the reported use of unfair means by students. The test would now be held on July 23 at the same venue.New registrar: Former head of PU geology department, Nirbhay Kumar Singh has been appointed new registrar of Aryabhat Knowledge University in place of Amitabh Ghosh, who was transferred to the science and technology department some time back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15085591", "title": "Closure of road at Vasco", "text": "The South Goa district magistrate, in the interest of public safety, has temporarily closed the Swatantrapath Road from Cosme Mathias Menezes to Mascarenhas Building (opposite St Andrew church) in Vasco for all types of vehicular traffic from July 23 to August 2 after 6pm, only during the Saptah festival.Offers for Republic Day tableau invited: The department of information and publicity has invited offers for design, model, fabrication and presentation of a tableau to be part of the Republic Day pageant in New Delhi on January 26, 2013, from renowned artistes/organizations from the state. Those interested should submit applications before 3pm on July 25. According to the press note, the theme for the tableau includes 'any important episode from the history of the state/union territory; festivals celebrated; cultural/architectural heritage, including any aspect of the life of the people; any important social and economic development scheme, project or achievement of outstanding nature'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15094122", "title": "Panjab University Students Union announces new party members", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Panjab University Students Union, in a meeting held on Sunday, announced the new party members. PUSU senior leaders, Gurpreet Singh Gabi and Parmjit Singh Bath in presence of campus incharge Ravinder Dhaliwal, party incharge Sumit Goklaney and other members of the party made these announcements. Baljeet Singh Dhindsa, from the department of Police administration, PU, was announced as the president of all colleges under the university and Sukhjot Singh from department of Physics was declared as the general secretary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15086816", "title": "Karnataka Bank Q1 registers 67.62% growth", "text": "MANGALORE: Karnataka Bank Ltd that has set itself an aim to surpass business turnover of Rs 1 lakh crore by March 2015, has registered a 67.62% growth in net profit in the first quarter of current fiscal at Rs 83.44 crore against Rs 49.78 crore for the corresponding period last year. Total business increased by Rs 8,585 crore from Rs 45,640 crore to Rs 54,225 crore during this period, registering a year-on-year growth of 19 per cent.The total deposit increased by Rs 4,995 crore from Rs 27,552 crore to Rs 32,547 crore, registering a year-on-year growth of 18%. Advances increased by Rs 3,591 crore from Rs 18,087 crore to Rs 21,678 crore, registering an year-on-year growth of 20%. Clientele base increased by 8.98 lakh from 54.44 lakhs as on June 2011 to 63.42 lakhs in June 2012. CASA increased by Rs 1,109 crore from Rs 6,585 crore to Rs 7,694 crore.P Jayarama Bhat, managing director and CEO, said that healthy growth in business coupled with good recoveries enabled the bank to attain the present level of performance. There has been robust growth in advances during the quarter as depicted by incremental credit deposit ratio of 102 per cent. The bank earned a total income of Rs 989 crore during the quarter as against Rs 769 crore for the corresponding period, registering a growth of 29 per cent.The operating profit increased by Rs 62 crore from Rs 107 crore (as on June 2011) to Rs 169 crore (as on June 2012). The growth rate is 58%. The net interest income has increased by Rs 72 crore from Rs 154 crore to Rs 226 crore, registering a growth of 47%. The net interest margin also increased from 1.93 per cent to 2.45 per cent. The annualised earnings per share increased from Rs 10.56 as on June 30, 2011 to Rs 17.72 as on June 30, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15086094", "title": "Two men arrested, released for stealing four dogs from Manjari farm", "text": "PUNE: The Loni Kalbhor police on Wednesday arrested two men for their alleged involvement in the stealing of four dogs from a dog farm at Manjari Budruck on February 1. Police also recovered the four dogs from the suspects - Atul Subhash Gadge (24) of Manjari Budruck and buyer Sachin Kaluram Darekar (24) of Sanaswadi in Shirur taluka.According to police, eight dogs were kept at the kennel in the farm run by partners Sangram Salunkhe and Abhijit Jagdale.Investigating officer Dattatreya Giramkar said Gadge allegedly stole four dogs, two female labradors and two male pugs, by cutting the iron mesh of the kennel on February 1 midnight.Giramkar said, \"Gadge sold one of the labradors to Darekar for Rs 9,000 and told his relatives in Shirur and Khed to take care of three dogs till he found a buyer\".According to Giramkar, the partners did not register any complaint instantly, but they conducted searches in the district and succeeded in spotting a labrador that was tied outside a shop in Shirur on July 18. The labrador was identified on the basis of a microchip.\"\"A complaint of theft was registered on the same day leading to Darekar's arrest. When police questioned him, Darekar said he had purchased labdrador from Gadge. Gadge's interrogation led to the recovery of three more dogs from his relatives places,\" Giramkar stated.Police have seized an iron cutter from Gadge. The vehicle used in the crime is yet to be seized.The dogs have been kept at the farm, Giramkar said.Salunkhe said he and his colleague train dogs. The dogs were stolen when the employee guarding the farm was on leave, he added.Gadge and Darekar were arrested under section 380 (theft) read with 411 (purchasing stolen property) of the Indian Penal Code. Both were released on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15084113", "title": "Woman set ablaze for dowry, critical", "text": "INDORE: A woman was reportedly set on fire by her husband in Rajendra Nagar area on Tuesday night.The victim identified as Parvati, 22, wife of Gokul, is the resident of Nehru Nagar, which comes under the jurisdiction of Rajendra Nagar police. On the day of the incident, following a fight between them, the husband started to beat the victim at around 9.30 pm. When the woman tried to escape out of the house, he poured kerosene on her and set her afire. Gokul used to constantly pester his wife to ask for money from her family members as dowry, police said, adding he even used to beat her up often. The woman was taken to the hospital in a very critical condition where she is still battling for life. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "15084892", "title": "Akola chief accounts officer faces suspension", "text": "AKOLA: It seems chief accounts officer (CAO) of Akola Municipal Corporation (AMC) Gopinath Bainwad is in serious trouble. The general body of AMC in a meeting held on Friday passed a resolution recommending suspension of Bainwad, who has been accused of taking 20% commission from contractors for passing bills. It is alleged that Bainwad also did not pass a bill of Fulchand Gupta, a water works contractor, who died of heart attack two days ago.So much so, mayor Jyotsna Gawai, who presided over the meeting, had a heated exchange with Shiv Sena corporator Rajeshwari Amma Sharma over the issue. Even AMC standing committee chairman Vijay Agrawal and corporator Sunil Meshram had an argument on the same issue. Kazi Nizamuddin (Congress), Manjusha Shelke (SS) and Rajesh Kale (MNS) supported the move to suspend Bainwad.Meanwhile, municipal commissioner Deepak Choudhri made it clear that action will be taken against those found guilty. A demand was also made to provide compensation to Gupta's family. The meeting also decided that all pending work bills since 2001 be placed before the standing committee so that the deserving ones can be passed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15086154", "title": "'Athletic ability of Kerala hoopsters is impressive'", "text": "KOCHI: With various corporates joining hands with the Basketball Federation of India (BFI) over the last few years, the quality of the game, especially in the younger age groups, has seen a stark improvement.As the second Kerala edition of the Mahindra NBA Challenge tipped off at the Regional Sports Centre, Kadavanthara on Saturday, the sharper skill sets of the under-13 and under-16's are clearly on show. Troy Justice, the NBA India's director of basketball operations, says the raw talent of the players is quite impressive to see.\"In close to three years that I've been in India, I've seen the game really progress a lot. The best part is that the players and the coaches want to learn and push their game to the next level. Kerala in particular surprises me every time I come here. The athletic ability of the players here is quite amazing,\" says Troy.\"The skill sets of the likes of PS Jeena and KS Poojamol are very impressive for their years. With a bit more attention to detail, they could really develop into top stars for India. Every year, people ask me 'where is the development in the game'. The Indian women, including Geetu Anna Jose, beating China to win the Asian 3-on-3 title - that is progress for you,\" adds Troy.The former professional player and coach with Athletes in Action and Gordon College among others is pleased with the response NBA's programmes have received across the country.\"Every year, we get more and more participation wherever we go. This time in Kerala, we had 160 teams wanting to take part in the NBA Challenge with space only for 120. Last year we did not have a waiting list. This is the scene wherever else in the country we've been to - New Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore, Ludhiana...\"And the participation does not start and stop just with the various events that are held, he adds. \"Every now and then I receive a mail or a facebook message from players and coaches asking me to help with certain parts of their game. A coach will ask me on plays he could run to beat a 2-3 zone and so on. The interaction with the coaches and players goes on full-time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15094095", "title": "Man strangulates his pregnant wife to death", "text": "INDORE: A man was arrested for allegedly killing pregnant his wife on due to suspicion of her character last night, police said here on Sunday.The accused identified as Sarfaraz Khan (40), allegedly killed his wife last night when she informed him after coming from her parents' house nearly after five months, that she was pregnant.Khan, who had two wives, had been suspicious about Rehana's (32) character for quite sometime. When she informed him about her pregnancy after returning from her parent's home it appeared to be a confirmation of his fears, after which he killed her by strangulating her with a piece of cloth (dupatta), city superintendent of police, Shailendra Singh told reporters.After committing the crime he tried to escape, but the police managed to nab him after getting information about the incident, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15085511", "title": "Include citizen activists on tree panel, civic body told", "text": "NASHIK: The city's environmental activists have asked the NMC to seriously consider including citizens, including activists, in the formation of Nashik's Tree Authority.City mayor Yatin Wagh will soon be announcing the names of the new members of the department designed to oversee the city's tree maintenance. Group leaders of various parties have been asked to give a list of membes interested in being a part of the panel. The policy over the panel's formation is to be decided shortly.Activists says, that there is a provision in the Maharashtra (Urban areas) Preservation of Trees Act of 1975, that the Tree Authority should have citizens, environmental activists and those persons having practical and theoretical knowledge about trees on the tree panel. But green group members decry that the current Tree Authority does not have any of these attributes. Activists are hoping that the new committee would be formed keeping the necessary provisions in mind. The municipal commissioner will chair the Tree Authority.An environmental activist, Ashwini Bhat, said that according to norms, the Tree Authority should have 30 members including 16 corporators and 14 NGOs. \"Among the 14 members, two-three persons should have a knowledge of botany, while an additional two-three should be associated with environmental organisations or have a passion for trees. Only then can the committee be deemed balanced.\"Tree Authority meetings are to be held once every 45 days wherein applications for chopping trees or trimming branches are discussed and objections over the same are invited. \"The meetings are held regularly as per the norms,\" confirmed Hrishikesh Nazre, another activist.An activist has alleged that there were no experts on the panel adding that the committee comprised relatives of politicians and corporators instead. \"This time we are hoping for a change,\" said the activist.The activists said that they were not against development but trees should also be conserved and that the idea of having such a committee is to work in coordination with each other, respect and have faith in each other.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15084555", "title": "Madurai on yet another clean-up drive", "text": "MADURAI: With an aim to clean up Madurai city, the city corporation has come up with an action plan called 'Masilla Madurai - 2012' (Garbage Free Madurai), announcing that it will impose a spot fine of Rs 100 on people littering in public. The spot fine system will come into effect immediately and defaulters will be penalised with a fine of Rs 500.Addressing media persons here on Saturday, mayor V V Rajan Chellappa said that the corporation had chalked out various measures to ensure that the city remains clean. \"We have created an action plan and seek the support of the public, social workers and volunteers in our effort to make this city free of garbage within the year,\" he said. At present there are 2,002 sanitary workers, including permanent and contract workers, and 143 corporation vehicles are utilised for garbage clearance. \"We will intensify cleaning works effectively using man and machinery,\" he stated. Further, the corporation will procure more vehicles for garbage clearance, he said.The corporation has also decided to carry out a mass cleaning drive every Saturday. Four wards per zone will be cleaned on Saturdays involving corporation workers, volunteers, NSS students and others. Public organisations and educational institutions will be provided with dumber bins and the frequency of garbage clearing near the Meenakshi Amman temple will be increased from two times in a day to three, the mayor announced. Measures have been taken to cover all the garbage laden lorries with a net so that they don't litter garbage on the streets during transit. The corporation is also contemplating imposing a ban on plastic bags in the city, he added.Chellappa announced that the spot fine of Rs 100 for littering would come into effect immediately. \"We have decided to impose the spot fine on littering garbage in public places so as to create awareness among the public. Repeating the offence will invite a fine of Rs 500 and the public should take it in the right spirit of creating awareness than punishment. Further, the corporation will also erect reflector boards in important places with awareness messages warning about littering. We sincerely feel that public awareness is very important in our action plan and seek the support of the public,\" he stressed.Action plan for Massila Madurai- Spot fine of Rs 100 for littering in public and Rs 500 for repeated offences- 2,002 sanitary workers and 143 vehicles will be used for cleaning- Corporation will procure another 137 vehicles and other equipments necessary at the cost of Rs 10 crore. Number of workers will also be increased- Mass cleaning drive in four wards every Saturday- Frequency of garbage clearing to be increased from two times to three in a day near Meenakshi Amman temple- Warning boards on littering in public to be erected at all important places- Small dumber bins are provided to all tea shops and the owners will be instructed to urge their customers to drop waste in the bins", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "hambantota", "code": "15083476", "title": "Test century against Australia boosted my confidence: Virat Kohli", "text": "HAMBANTOTA: Virat Kohli scored yet another hundred in international cricket on Saturday and the young Indian batsman said the Test century he scored against formidable Australia in their own backyard in the last season, gave him the confidence to do well in all formats.ScorecardKohli on Saturday scored his 12th ODI hundred, his fourth in last five innings, to contribute in India's tense 21-run win over Sri Lanka in the first one-day match.\"Doing well in Australia, a strong side, really boosted my confidence, and that Test hundred really helped. You get maximum satisfaction when you score runs in Test cricket. I got confident about my game,\" Kohli said.\"God's been kind, I've been working hard. Hopefully I can be consistent for the team this season. Performing for my country is the biggest thing for me, and I try to give my best out there for the team,\" he added.Sri Lanka gave India some scary moments while chasing 315 to win but fell short by 21 runs.Host skipper Mahela Jayawardene rued that they left too much work for the lower-order big hitters.\"We've got some big-hitters at the end, but we left too much for them to do. Too many mistakes, against a quality side like India. It was important for us to set up a platform, Sanga was trying to build an innings. We never had momentum going into the last 10 overs,\" Jayawardene said.\"We'll try to refocus and come back strong. Kulasekara and Lasith are two big guys I rely on during the Powerplays, but we need to improve our standards in the field,\" Jayawardene added.India skipper was not happy with the way they conceded runs in the last 10 overs but praised Irfan Pathan.\"The death bowling for us needs to improve. Zak was good, one good positive was Irfan Pathan doing well. Without Jadeja or Yuvraj, it is difficult to make a side balanced in both departments so this was important. It's a good learning experience for the younger bowlers,\" he said.Dhoni thanked heavens for letting him win the toss. \"This was one game where I felt the toss would be crucial. In the second innings, there was variable bounce and it was a little difficult to bat on,\" he said.India put up a big total but Dhoni said his batting line up need to do better.\"Gautam was unfortunate to get out in that fashion. Sehwag and Kohli batted very well, we are lacking a bit of firepower down the line. Once the batsmen who are set carry on, then me, and the likes of Raina can go and express ourselves,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15085407", "title": "Gurgaon court acquits Jaggu Pehelwan", "text": "GURGAON: A city court, on Saturday, acquitted contract killer Jaggu Pehelwan, MCG councillor Virendra alias Binder Gurjjar and eight others who were accused in the Rithoj double murder case, after the case's only witness turned hostile. The murder had taken place in Rithoj village in June last year.Gurgaon police had arrested 10 accused, including Jaggu, Binder, Pravesh, Lekhraj, Udauveer, Rambeer, Satbeer, Govind in the case. The hearing was taking place in the court of additional session judge Vijay Singh . In the last hearing of the case, the lone witness of the case, Menpal, a resident of Damdama village, refused to say anything before court and also refused to identify the accused. In the police chargesheet, Menpal had claimed to have identified the accused.Around 8pm on June 26, 2011, two persons, who were later identified as Raju, resident of Rithoj village and Dharmi, resident of Tighra village were burnt to death in Rithoj village in Gurgaon.The double murder case was cracked after Delhi police arrested two sharpshooters -Udayveer and Chahat, 10 days after the incident. During interrogation, the two revealed the name of Jaggu Pehelwan and the contract killer was subsequently arrested by the Ghaziabad police.During interrogation, Jaggu had told police that the contractors had given him Rs 5 lakh in advance and also provided him with food and transportation. He had taken shelter in Gurgaon two months prior to the murder. He also disclosed the name of MCG councillor Virendra alias Binder Gurjjar for his part in planning the murder. Jaggu said that Binder had a doubt that Dharmi was involved in an attack on him in front of the MCG office on April 28, 2011. Binder denied the allegations and declared them to be baseless.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15084162", "title": "Shehla Masood case: CBI court frames charges against 5", "text": "INDORE: The special court of Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) in Indore framed charges against all five accused in the murder case of RTI activist Shehla Masood on Saturday.The court rejected the petition seeking to transfer the case to Bhopal and trail will begin from August 1 in Indore.According to the CBI chargesheet, which was filed on May 25, Zahida Parvez along with Saba Farooqui, Saqib Danger, Irfan and Tabish are the main accused in hatching the plot and the murder of Shehla Masood. Fourth additional session judge of special justice CBI, Anupam Shrivastav's court charged all the five accused under Sections 302 (murder), 201 (destroying evidence) and 120 (3) [conspiracy] of the Indian Penal Code (IPC). In addition to this, Saqib, Irfan and Tabish were also charged under Section 25 (7) of the Arms Act. Sunil Shrivastav, counsel of Saba Farooqui, said that the charges have been framed in the case and now trial will start. \"We will now apply for bail,\" said Shrivastav.Zayed Khan, lawyer of Zaheda Parvez, said that the court rejected the petition seeking transfer of the case to Bhopal and now trial take place in Indore. He added that while rejecting the petition for transferring the case, the court observed that the CBI court, where the charges were framed, came under the jurisdiction of Indore sessions court and it has legal jurisdiction to conduct the trial. So, the case would not be transferred, said Khan. The CBI, which had argued against the transfer of the case, was satisfied with the decision of the court over jurisdiction of the case. They said that their team was ready for the trial and they had enough evidence and witness to prove the charges.Petition of one of the accused, Tabish, for submitting the call details and the polygraph test report of MLA Dhruv Narayan Singh was also rejected by the court. CBI had earlier said that it was the prerogative of the investigating agency to decide about which document it wanted to submit along with the chargesheet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15084635", "title": "Two arrested with stolen copper wires", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Sola police officials arrested two youths with 15 tons of copper wires worth Rs 85 lakh on Friday night. A truck carrying the supply was also seized.The wires, used in various industries, were stolen from another truck and brought to the city for sale, said investigators. Owner of the consignment was informed about the development on Saturday.According to Sola police officials, a team led by inspector J M Bharwad and sub-inspector A V Patel got a tip-off that two youths were searching for buyers near Science City Road on Friday for a consignment of copper wires. Police sent a few officials as decoy who asked the duo to show them the entire stock to ascertain its price and quality. When the duo took them to Vadaj circle, the cops realized that it was a stolen material and arrested them.\"The accused have been identified as Ankit Jain, 26, a resident of Dindor in Madhya Pradesh , and Vijay Shah, 28, a resident of Himmatnagar. The stock was being transported from Easter Light Ltd, a unit based in Pithampur, Madhya Pradesh, to an industrial unit in Silvassa. The duo confessed that they had stolen the wires from the truck, loaded it onto another truck and had driven towards Himmatnagar and then Gandhinagar. They then came to Ahmedabad three days ago and tried to sell off the wires in small quantities,\" said Bharwad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15092749", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee elected India's 13th President", "text": "NEW DELHI: UPA presidential candidate and former finance minister Pranab Mukherjee got the magic figures (around 5.18 lakh worth of votes) to become new President of India. He got the required number during the ongoing counting of votes at Parliament House here on Sunday. The formal announcement to this effect will be made soon by the Election Commission of India after completion of the counting process.Mukherjee got the magic figure during the counting of votes of Maharashtra. Though counting of votes of 15 more states are still awaited, it will only have academic value.As expected, the UPA constituents and its key supporting parties like SP, BSP, RJD and others had supported Mukherjee. Besides, he also got the support of opposition parties like Shiv Sena and JD(U).Mukherjee defeated the BJP-backed presidential candidate P A Sangma. The former NCP leader Sangma got his votes mainly from the MPs belong to BJP, BJD, SAD and AIADMK. Among MLAs, he got votes mostly in BJP-ruled states like Goa, Gujarat, Chhattisgarh and Madhya Pradesh. Interestingly, the BJP-ruled Karnataka witnessed cross-voting during Presidential poll. Ongoing counting shows that over a dozen BJP MLAs might have voted in favour of Pranab Mukherjee who got 117 votes. Sangma got 103 votes in the state.Mukherjee got the overwhelming support of Parliamentarians (Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha MPs) in the President's election securing a vote value of 3,73,116. He got the remaining vote value (1.36lakh) to reach the magic number (majority mark of 5.18) lakh) from the MLAs who cast their votes in his favour.Sangma, on the other hand, managed to get a vote value of only 1,45,848 in the counting of votes of MPs. His vote value increased to over 2.2 lakh when votes of MLAs of BJP-ruled states counted.A total of 748 MPs voted in the election on July 19. Of the total votes, Mukherjee got 527 votes while Sangma got 206. Fifteen votes including that of SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav were invalid.Counting of ballots began amidst tight security in Parliament House here in the presence of authorised representatives of both Mukherjee and Sangma at 11am. First trend came around 1pm after counting of votes of all MPs.Authorised representatives if both the Presidential candidates inspected the seals of the ballot boxes and the counting began after ascertaining that they were not tampered with.As many as 95 per cent of the 4,896 electors -- 776 MPs and 4,120 MLAs -- had exercised their franchise on Thursday at the polling centres set up in Parliament House and 30 other states and Union territories with assemblies.All the ballot boxes from the states had reached Parliament House by Saturday and were kept in a strong room.The vote of SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav had been declared invalid by the Election Commission on the ground that he violated the code of secrecy by revealing his ballot. Yadav had initially voted for Sangma and then tore the ballot paper when he realised his mistake.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15085556", "title": "Boy who saw his mom hanging goes missing", "text": "CHENNAI: A nine-year-old boy, who lost his speech seven years ago after seeing his mother hanging from the ceiling at his house, has been missing from his uncle's house in MGR Nagar since Tuesday, police said. A case was registered and \"special teams have been assigned to trace the boy.\"When his mother committed suicide in 2005, police said, B Dhanush had only been uttering words like 'Mma' (mother), Ppa' (father) and 'itha' (aunt). He had apparently stayed in a room with his mother's body for more than 12 hours and suddenly stopped talking, police said. Dhanush's father, a labourer had abandoned the family a short while before the incident.On Saturday, Dhanush's uncle P N Raju, a labourer who has been taking care of the boy since 2005, said: \"It was pathetic. I too live in MGR Nagar where my sister and her family lived. That evening, by the time I rushed home, neighbours had informed police. They cut the rope and laid my sister's body on the floor. I saw my sister's son Dhanush standing there, without crying.\"The native of a village near Vandavasi in Tiruvannamalai district said, \"Dhanush was only two when he lost his speech. I took him to various hospitals, but no one believed that he had been speaking a little and suddenly lost his speech.\"On Tuesday evening, Raju said, Dhanush was playing with friends in front of the house when he went missing. \"I searched for him for more than seven hours in the neighbourhood. Then, I lodged a police complaint at M G R Nagar police station. We printed some posters with his photograph and pasted them in the locality and in other places. So far, we haven't got any response,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15084038", "title": "4 years late and headed nowhere", "text": "NEW DELHI: PK Sansanwal took early retirement from the army and built a three-storey house in Bijwasan with his savings. But soon, a bulldozer came and reduced it to rubble. Sansanwal was informed that the ground was cleared to build a flyover for the village's inhabitants.Eight months later, the flyover hasn't materialized. Only broad concrete piers stand in an ugly row. Villagers wonder what purpose the completed structure will serve with a green belt blocking its one end.\"The corporation is building a flyover that will end in the middle of the village. Anyone here can tell that it is not right, but decision makers working out of air-conditioned rooms do such mindless planning and waste public money,\" said Vinay Tiwari, whose business has been affected by the flyover work.The Bijwasan flyover, some 2km away from Kapashera border, was conceived in 2008 and would have cost Rs 44 crore. But work did not start until February 2010, and the cost has risen to Rs 70 crore due to the delay.While the village that has around 200 families suffers due to the ongoing work, the corporation seems in no mood to speed up work. The March 2012 deadline has been deferred to March 2013, but officials say even this seems optimistic.Local leaders say an underpass would have sufficed to ease traffic at the site. \"Instead of a flyover, an underpass could have served the purpose without disturbing the village. The issue has been raised several times in the corporation to no avail,\" said area councillor Praveen Rana.The residents say closure of the road for flyover work has made commuting difficult as they have to travel an extra 8-10 km to go across. \"No alternative route has been provided. Last week, a resident died, and to visit the crematorium just across the railway crossing, the family had to take a roundabout route, first travelling towards Gurgaon,\" said Colonel Devender Shehrawat, a resident.Villagers whose houses were razed eight months ago claim that for the last two years work has been done at a snail's pace. They are also upset as no provision has been made for relocation of affected villagers. Explaining the delay, corporation officials say since Bijwasan lies on lal dora land, they had to acquire the land and carry out the demolition. \"Land acquisition took a long time. Since it's lal dora land, no provision was made for rehabilitation of residents. Notices were sent to them in advance and some even demolished the houses on their own,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "15092621", "title": "PCB all set to implement DRS for Australia ODI series", "text": "LAHORE: The Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) will implement the Decision Review System (DRS) for the One-day series against Australia in the United Arab Emirates next month.A board official said that a sponsorship deal had been nearly finalised that would allow the board to use the DRS technology in the three One-day Internationals against Australia.\"We're very much in favour of having the DRS in ODI and Test matches and we see the Australia series as a good platform to promote the technology,\" he said.Pakistan could use the DRS in their last two Test and One-day series against Sri Lanka and England due to sponsorship deals.\"The sponsors will tie up directly with the broadcasters to cover expenses for using the technology,\" the official said.Pakistan will play three ODIs and an equal number of T20 Internationals against Australia from August 28.The official said that Pakistan was looking forward to use DRS when it tour South Africa in January for a full series.\"The host country has the right to decide whether it wants to offer use of DRS to the touring side but as far as we know South Africa use the DRS in their home series,\" he said.The PCB is looking at the Australia series to earn some useful profits even though it has been forced to play the series in the UAE after the Australians refused to tour Pakistan due to security concerns.Sources said besides a lucrative broadcasting deal with the Dubai based Ten Sports, the board had also sold its title sponsorship and other ground rights for a handsome amount that is likely to be between $550,000 to $600,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "15087139", "title": "Chinese firm summoned to explain delay in road project", "text": "SHIMLA: With assembly elections to be held shortly, non-completion of the 81 km-long Theog-Hatkoti-Rohru road widening project, passing through the apple heartland of Shimla district, is turning into a major political issue. The Himachal Pradesh government has summoned the country head of a Chinese firm, which is constructing the road, on July 24 for a final decision on the issue. During the last five years, the firm has managed to complete only 26% of project, with its deadline having already crossed in June 4 last year.Approved after meticulous planning by World Bank executives five years ago, the project got delayed, with opposition Congress and ruling BJP in the state blaming each other for the same. On Friday, a team of officials led by PWD secretary had assed the condition of the road and a report would be submitted to the chief minister soon.Confirming the development, state road project chief engineer Naresh Sharma, who is monitoring the project, said that the Chinese firm had been issued many notices in the past over the delay, while the extended deadline of June 20, 2013 is also nearing.\"At present, the country head of the Chinese firm is in China and is expected to return on July 23. A meeting to be chaired by the chief secretary is scheduled for July 24 in which the Chinese firm would be asked to make a final decision on the project, as they have yet to arrange finances for the project,\" he said.Of the apple production of around Rs 1,500-2,000 crore in Himachal Pradesh, about 60% is accounted for by Jubbal, Kotkhai, Rohru and Hatkoti areas through which the proposed road will pass. But the incomplete project has left apple growers worried as rains would increase transportation problems during apple season, which has started now.The project was awarded to Chinese government-backed Longjian Road and Bridge Company on February 22, 2008 and was slated to be complete by June 4, 2011. After the Chinese firm sought an extension, the government had set a new deadline of June 20, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "15095924", "title": "Thane commissioner seeks mayor's disqualification", "text": "THANE: Thane municipal commissioner RA Rajeev has recommended the state government to disqualify Mayor Harishchandra Patil for reportedly threatening and abusing a high-ranking civic official in his ante-chambers recently.Patil has been charged of misconduct and disgraceful behavior by the IAS officer on the basis of the written complaint made to him by deputy municipal commissioner U Ubale, who was threatened with dire consequences as he was unwilling to oblige to the mayor's demand to delete some controversial remarks on a certain file.Ubale had informed the municipal commissioner that the mayor summoned him to his ante-chamber early this week and in the presence of additional municipal commissioner LR Gupta hurled choicest of abuses as his remarks on a file concerning purchase of gymnasium equipment in his ward.Ubale said that it was only because of Gupta's intervention that he could escape out of the room unhurt but that he feared for his life given the threats issued by the mayor. It is learnt that Rajeev, upon being informed of the incident, had telephoned Patil and tried to reason with him. The mayor, however, is said to be in a foul mood and dared the municipal commissioner to take action against him.Upset with the behavior of the first citizen, Rajeev wrote to the state government recommending disqualification of Patil as corporator. Section 10 of the Bombay Provincial Municipal Corporation Act, 1949 empowers the state government to disqualify any corporator on recommendation of the general body of the corporation supported by votes of not less than three-fourth of the entire civic body.Mayor Patil's alleged misconduct has triggered a wave of criticism from the opposition Nationalist Congress Party and the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena who had approached the Naupada police on Friday urging them to register an offence against Patil. The police, however, said they could wait till a formal complaint has been lodged by Ubale.A section of the Dalit organizations here too have echoed support to Ubale and are understood to be urging the civic official to register an offence under the Atrocities Act.Sources said Ubale, however, is unlikely to be drawn into the political tussle and may not file a police complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15090061", "title": "Madonna ignored me: George Michael", "text": "George Michael has revealed that Madonna did not try to seduce him when they first met and instead ended up ignoring him.The 'Careless Whisper' hitmaker was partying at a Los Angeles nightclub after shooting to fame, and was stunned when someone came up to him saying that the pop diva wanted to speak to him.According to previous reports, Madonna propositioned him, but the 49-year-old singer is adamant that she had actually ignored him and carried on her conversation with actor Kevin Bacon.\"I will tell you the first time we ever met, we were both in this club in LA and it was very like being at the school canteen,\" the Daily Express quoted Michael as saying in London's Heart 106.2 radio show on Thursday.\"Basically somebody came over to my table and said 'Madonna would really like to meet you'... (I thought) that'd be nice, cheeky cow. I proceeded to follow this woman over to Madonna's table where she was talking to Kevin Bacon at the time and I stood there and she just ignored me, which is kind of what you do at school when you fancy someone isn't it? You pretend not to like them.\"She didn't try to seduce me, no... I didn't stand there for very long!\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15084570", "title": "Completing cycle of good health", "text": "Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving, said the greatest scientist of the 20th century, Albert Einstein . Einstein would pedal from his home to the Institute of Advanced Study at Princeton, in New Jersey everyday.Riding a bicycle teaches you the contours of a country best since you have to sweat up hills and coast down them. This makes you remember them as they actually are, while in a car only a high hill impresses you, and you have no accurate remembrance of country you have driven through as you gain by riding a bicycle, said Nobel Prize-winning writer Ernest Hemingway.Whenever I see an adult on a bicycle, I have hope for the human race, said H G Wells, the British writer known as the father of science fiction.With changing times and our dependence on fossil fuels for personal transport, the day is not far when countries like India will be bled dry of money by fuel imports. Fast depletion of natural fuel reserves and the exponential increase in demand will only speed up the process. To aggravate things, emissions from vehicles burning fossil fuels are a leading cause of global warming. Perhaps the only way to correct this downward spiral is to go green as the great thinkers like Einstein, Gandhi and Ernest Hemingway practiced.Alpesh Pandya cycles to work, from Memnagar to Ashram Road, every day. An assistant manager in the IT department of a pharmaceuticals company, he took to cycling six months back. \"I enjoy commuting by cycle. It keeps me fit, and is easy on my pocket,\" says Pandya. He braves Ahmedabad's extreme temperatures and fast-moving, rash traffic to cycle to work and elsewhere, as often as he can.Cycling is no longer seen as taboo. Earlier, one related cycling to the labour class and hardship. Now, more and more white-collar employees are taking up cycling. For these new converts, cycling is not just a hobby, but a lifestyle choice that's healthy and green.An advertising professional from Vadodara, Ritesh Gohil says, \"I cycle to work everyday. I do this as a sport and also for the environment. My friends and I are now planning a bicycle expedition across the state.\"There is a wide range of bicycles in the market now, Indian and imported brands. Ramesh Wadhwani of Laxmi Cycle and Motor Company says, \"Demand for cycles is still not very great. Our main customers are children, but there are some who are passionate about cycles. Prices range from Rs 3,400 to Rs 70,000 and onward. They are no longer cheap. Hobby cyclists usually prefer high-end cycles. These have more gears and one does not have to work as hard. These cycles are light and go much faster.\"There are some drawbacks though, and taking up cycling is far from a smooth ride. Cycling in a city is dangerous given the development all around, and chaotic traffic. There are no proper cycle tracks in the city and the ones that do exist are in bad shape or encroached on by shopkeepers or autorickshaws.IIM-Ahmedabad professor Navdeep Mathur says, \"I took up cycling 15 years ago. However, in Ahmedabad, I use my bicycle mainly on campus, since people outside it don't respect cyclists. I have lived in Delhi and the US and used to cycle a lot, since it is a non-polluting vehicle.\"Recently, the Ahmedabad Bicycle Club was formed. The club's credo is to encourage cycling for health while also promoting it as a sport. While this means that cycling is finally catching on in India, there are a few who see it as an elitist trend. One of the founding members of Ahmedabad Bicycle Club and PRL scientist Bhas Bapat says, \"It's only when affluent people start riding that it gets noticed by everyone.\" These elite cyclists pedal around the city on expensive bicycles on the weekend. For them, cycling is a lifestyle choice that's healthy.However there are exceptions. Lian Brouwer, who has been working here on a project at Wagh Bakri Tea Group since May, cycles to work out of the choice of a green lifestyle. \"I care for the environment and I am used to cycling everywhere in the Netherlands. In Ahmedabad, it is practical, easier and also cost-effective as compared to taking an autorickshaw. With a bicycle, I can find an address at my own convenience.\" Lian has also convinced her boss and executive director of the group, Parag Desai, to cycle to work. \"I am glad I could set a good example for others. I do not mind the pollution because I am here only temporarily. I can imagine if I lived here, I would wear a scarf to escape the heat and pollution,\" Lian adds.Meanwhile, in a step towards promoting cycling, Rajkot Municipal Corporation (RMC) is going to introduce a public bicycle sharing system in the city very soon. It has prepared a detailed project report and submitted it to Union ministry of urban development for financial assistance.The numbers of recreational cyclists is slowly, but steadily growing, rekindling hope. Maybe we have come a full circle, to realization of this vital need of our times. But, the onus is definitely on the government to facilitate cycling in this age of rat race and insensitivity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15084376", "title": "Police to summon 42 revellers soon", "text": "MUMBAI: The police will soon send summons to 42 revellers who attended the Juhu &quot;rave&quot; party, including the two IPL players, for their statements soon and most of them may face arrest in the case.The police had raided the party at Oakwood Premier on May 20 and collected blood samples of 90 revellers for the chemical test. The police received test report of 46 revellers in first batch in which 44 were found positive to the drugs. In the second batch, the police received report of 44 revellers, out of which 42 were found positive to the drugs among them 35 were women.Cops said they had recorded the statements of around 40 revellers whose reports were obtained in the first batch and arrested some of them. Some of them had applied for the anticipatory bail. The arrested offenders are at present on bail.An official said they were preparing the list of revellers who tested positive in the second batch's report and would summon them in different groups. As many as 42 of the 44 revellers, who were part of the second batch, have tested positive.The police said that 24 revellers had consumed hard drugs, cocaine and MDMA, however rest had consumed cannabis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15086430", "title": "Big ideas for India 2050", "text": "India's growth has slowed. Inflation is back, foreign direct investment has plummeted, and its currency is sinking. After two decades of impressive growth, optimism appears to have ebbed. In the minds of many, India's shine has dimmed.But today's woes are a mere bump. Consider the long-term potential: the US has GDP per capita of $45,000 while India has one-thirtieth of that. No one expects the average Indian to get to US levels right away, but it is reasonable to expect that (s)he can aspire to, say, at least one-third of that- implying 10x income growth, to $15,000- by 2050. This would mean GDP addition of over $20 trillion annually, or the equivalent of one-and-a-half times the current US economy.Achieving such growth requires three principles at its core: it must be purposeful, democratic, and sustainable.Why purposeful? Purpose generates excitement, is unifying and makes growth transformational. In a country with deep socioeconomic, urban-rural and cultural divides, a sense of purpose is a necessary condition for its many factions to align behind deep change.An example of a purposeful idea is the Ganga-Cauvery river link, one suggested four decades ago. Consider its potential implications for agriculture, drinking water, sanitation and transportation, while simultaneously mitigating flooding problems in the North and drought in the South. Moreover, it will generate millions of jobs and thriving communities along the waterways, while creating upstream and downstream business opportunities.There will be legitimate objections - notably around environmental consequences for river deltas- to overcome. But, in the decades since the idea was proposed, India has surely developed the scientific, technological, and governance capabilities to address them.Why democratic? Ensuring buy-in for such growth requires people to believe that the resulting wealth creation will be inclusive. While the past two decades have created a great deal of wealth, it has also concentrated that wealth. For example, the net worth of just the 50 richest Indians now amounts to one quarter of GDP.Much of India's recent growth came from taking advantage of globalization of markets, knowhow and resources. But India primarily adopted a 'gatekeeper' strategy: foreign companies were welcome if a well-heeled Indian partner could be found. This is an undesirable approach as it allows the already overly affluent gatekeepers to skim the wealth created from the 10x growth.India needs the best in capabilities that the global economy possesses in order to grow. But getting those requires a mindset change. India must not only refashion policy towards multinationals in an inviting manner, but also in a way that allows its middle class to participate. India should consider, for example, requiring multinationals to raise at least 49% of the equity capital directly from the public. Such a simple strategy not only obviates a need for gatekeepers, but also democratizes future wealth creation.Why sustainable? Business-as-usual in natural resource use is a non-starter. Take the example of CO2 emissions. While the world produces every $1,000 of GDP by emitting three-quarters of a ton of CO2, India needs 1.5 tons. This inefficient fossil fuel utilization mirrors that in the use of other natural resources such as air, water, minerals and metals.India dismisses such concerns by asserting its people are frugal: after all, the average Indian emits one-twentieth the CO2 of the average American. India also points to the inherent unfairness in the West having become rich by having a 'carbon party' that made possible cheap wealth creation. But such assertions miss the point. Given the scale of India's growth needs, resource use at current levels of inefficiency- with attendant emissions, waste, and pollution- will degrade the planet's natural environment on an unimaginable scale. Pushback is inevitable.Instead of viewing sustainability as an imposed burden, India should see it as an innovation opportunity. Here is an idea. Why not produce nuclear energy from thorium, found abundantly in India? Research into thorium - including by Indian scientists - goes back decades. It could be a source of inexpensive energy, be easily scaled, presents no meltdown risk, uses existing nuclear waste, degrades to safe radioactive levels in hundreds (rather than tens of thousands) of years, and obviates weaponization possibilities. Can India fast -track and install, say, two or three demonstration projects to learn from them a workable business model that can be rapidly scaled?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15091077", "title": "'Guide' was a challenge for me: Waheeda Rehman", "text": "Waheeda Rehman signed the \" Guide\" when her counterparts in the industry were doing love stories or family dramas. The yesteryear actress says she took up the 1965 film as a challenge because it highlighted the grey shades in her onscreen character.The 76-year-old legendary actress, whose portrayal of Rosie was appreciated by the audience, said it was tough to play a rebellious character at that time when the film industry was not open for such roles.\"When I signed 'Guide' , my colleagues in the industry said that I was doing a big mistake. They even said that this might be my last film because that was the phase when actresses in the industry were portrayed as submissive women. We used to do love stories or family dramas where women were ideal in every role.\"But luckily, I had an open mind and took the project because it was a film and not real life. My character was an inspiration for me. When the film became a hit and everyone found my character interesting, I remember those same colleagues sent me telegrams appreciating my performance,\" Waheeda told PTI.She started her career in Bollywood with Guru Dutt's crime thriller \"CID\" opposite Dev Anand in 1956 and starred in many films including \"Pyaasa\" and \"Kaagaz Ke Phool\".Hailing from a non-film background, Waheeda said she did not face any difficulty in establishing herself as an actress when the industry was majorly ruled by male actors.\"Call it my good luck or my open-minded nature; I never felt that I was overshadowed by my co-stars. I worked with actors like Dev Anand and Raj Kapoor but my character was equally highlighted.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15085517", "title": "Director for education to finalize merger of schools by July 31", "text": "PANAJI: The director for education D P Dwivedi has asked the additional district education inspectors (ADEI) to conduct meetings with parent-teacher associations and finalize the matter of merger of low enrolment government primary schools with neighbourhood schools with better numbers latest by July 31.Based on the areas where parents are agreeing to the amalgamation of the government primary schools with bigger schools within a 3km radius, a proposal will be framed by the directorate of education (DoE) and sent to the state government for its approval.The state is trying to amalgamate 262 low enrolment schools with neighbourhood government schools which have better enrolment, and in some cases it has been proposed to merge as many as three low enrolment schools with one bigger neigbhourhood school. This will enable the state to invest in better facilities for the school, where the low enrolment schools are merged, such as playground, sports equipment, etc.The merger will also improve the pupil-teacher ratio in the school, where the low enrolment schools are merged, and will resolve the problem of single-teacher schools.However, parents have been opposing the move in some villages as they do not want the local school of their area to be shut down. The state has decided to allot state-run Kadamba Transport Corporation buses in the areas where the merger takes place to transport students to school, so parents do not oppose the move of amalgamation owing to the increased travel distance for students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "15085241", "title": "3 held for corruption in Gondia zilla parishad recruitment", "text": "GONDIA: The recruitment for 119 vacancies in Gondia zilla parishad took a new twist with the arrest of three persons suspected to be behind the alleged corruption in the process.The zilla parishad had issued a notification on May 9 for recruitment to various categories like gram sevak, clerk, extension officer and junior engineer the written test for which was held on May 27. However, due to flaws in rules, Atul Bhimte could not appear for the test. So he approached the Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court against the recruitment process. The court gave a stay on the recruitment of one post for which he was supposed to have been allowed while the process for other posts continued. Another youth, Narendra Onkari, also approached the high court on July 4.Meanwhile, Atul, a resident of Ambedkar ward, Kudwa, lodged a complaint with Ramnagar police station saying that touts of some corrupt officials were pressuring him to withdraw his petition. Vijay Kamble of village Khadbandha and two others went to his residence on July 9 and threatened him of dire consequences if he did not withdraw his petition. They had also brought a stamp paper of Rs 100 on which they forcibly took his signature, Atul claimed.After initial investigation, Ramnagar police registered an offence against Kamble on Thursday and arrested him, besides his two colleagues, Harishchandra Badole and Sudhir Badole. They were produced before a court on Friday and remanded to police custody till July 22.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15093717", "title": "Cross-voting in favour of Pranab Mukherjee in Karnataka", "text": "NEW DELHI: Faction-ridden ruling BJP in Karnataka suffered a humiliation on Sunday when Pranab Mukherjee secured a backing of 117 MLAs as against P A Sangma's 103, with some BJP members cross-voting in favour of the UPA nominee.Mukherjee had only a pledged support 98 MLAs -- 71 from Congress and 27 from JD(S) -- but he managed to secure the support of 19 more legislators.Sangma could only garner 103 votes, even though BJP has 119 members in the Assembly.Of the 224 members, an MLA did not vote in the July 19 poll.The situation for BJP in the state has been volatile as it had to change the chief minister thrice in the past two years.The value of votes polled by Mukherjee in Karnataka was 15,327 while it was 13,493 for Sangma.In Gujarat also, a BJP MLA cross-voted in favour of Mukherjee.Mukherjee had a pledged support of Congress (54), NCP (3) and JD-U (1). However, he got 59 while Sangma got 123.Earlier, BJP MLA Kanubhai Kalsariya claimed that he had voted for Mukherjee.In terms of vote value, Mukherjee got 8,673 while Sangma got 18,081 in Gujarat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15087074", "title": "Nine-car convoy, commandos accompany Abu Jundal to court", "text": "MUMBAI: The city police had made a tighter security arrangement for terror suspect Zabihuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal than for any other accused so far. Jundal was brought to Esplande court on Saturday morning in a nine-car convoy with two dozen armed-to-theteeth commandos and two armoured vehicles.While the Cama Hospital lane gate of the court premises was shut to the public, only a sea of police personnel could be seen at the two gates leading from the St Xavier's College end. Police personnel belonging to the state reserve police force (SRPF) and some from the city police's intelligence wing and special branch were roaming in mufti.The police allowed only those with a valid identity card to enter the court premises. They were also seen carrying mirror equipment to check vehicles before allowing them inside. Women police personnel were deployed on the ground floor. Approximately 50 police personnel were on the first floor of the court where Jundal was to be brought. Service revolvers of some of the crime branch personnel could be seen easily as they had tucked their weapons near the belt. Policemen from the Azad Maidan police station were also deployed in huge numbers at all the gates.At 11.40am, soon after Jundal was brought in a special crime branch vehicle accompanied by two armoured vehicles and a huge van full of commandos in bullet-proofjackets , carrying AK-47 , the gates leading to the first floor of the court were closed to the public. A handcuffed Jundal was surrounded by more than a dozen police personnel from crime branch's Unit 1 and property cell officers. Media personnel, who were waiting for Jundal's entry, were forbidden even to read newspapers in the courtroom. Policemen carrying wireless were seen roaming in the court compound while additional commissioner of crime branch police Niket Kaushik was also present in the courtroom to supervise the police work in court.Hundreds of onlookers gathered outside the gate to see as what was happening. The police tried to disperse the mob, but none showed any signs of leaving. The route to bring Jundal in and take him out of the compound was, therefore, changed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15094991", "title": "Mysore's 282 kids are malnourished, reveals a survey", "text": "MYSORE: A survey of kids in the city has thrown up some startling stats. Some 2 per cent of the kids surveyed are found to be malnourished and children from even upscale areas are underweight. And, among the malnourished kids, girls have a lion's share.The survey conducted by Urban Poverty Alleviation Cell (UPAC) attached to the Mysore City Corporation was spread over all the 65 wards in the civic body and nine times spread out to nine zones conducting the survey for nine days. At the end of the exercise, the teams had surveyed 15,595 kids out of which 282 are found to be malnourished. Of the 282 malnourished children, 161 are girls. The MCC was assisted by women and child welfare department and health and family welfare department. The World Health Organization has cited malnutrition as the greatest single threat to the world's public health.Alarmed, the district minister S A Ramdas on Sunday announced a special unit that will be set up at Cheluvamba Hospital, the children institute attached to the Mysore Medical College and Research Institute. The Rs 1.22 crore facility will be opened in November to commemorate Children's Day, he said a novel programme to take care of the malnourished children in city. The scheme entails the family of the malnourished kids to get additional ration of 5 kgs wheat a month and the kids will be medically examined regularly for three months. After the cursory survey, the authorities have now decided to continue the house-to-house survey to find out the extent of malnourishment among urban kids.Terming the incidence of malnutrition as a blot on the society, Ramdas said it is their responsibility now to ensure that the kids recover. There are 281 kids who are not attached to Anganwadi centres in the mCC limits while there are 163 such children in rural areas. All these kids will be extended nutritional supplements after enrolling them to the Anganawadi centre, the minister stated adding that the Cheluvamba Hospital has been identified as referral centre to attend to kids suffering from malnutrition. The city-based CFTRI, which has worked in the field of malnutrition, will also be included in the programme, he stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "15087106", "title": "Patiala, favourite route of narcotic smugglers", "text": "PATIALA: If the figures of narcotic seizures of Patiala district are any indication, the district seems to have become a favourite transit route of narcotic smugglers from Punjab and other states. Since the start of 2012, Patiala cops have registered total 315 cases under NDPS Act , means more than one case per day.Since the start of this year all police stations of this district have seized total 133 kg opium,8802 kg poppy husk, 4 kg smack, 18 kg sulfa, 4 kg charas, 49 kg ganja, and 255 gm heroin. Apart from it , cops have also seized 26,052 habit forming capsules, 28 kg powder of medicines and 12 litres of liquid medicines.Sources in police department say, being located on the Punjab-Haryana border, Patiala is witnessing rise in the registration of NDPS cases. But majority of seized narcotics were destined for other districts of Punjab and smugglers were trying to enter Punjab through this district when cops arrested them. Recently, the police seized 100 bags of poppy husk, brought from MP state, but both arrested accused belonged to Amritsar district and were taking seized narcotics to their district.\"Since Patiala shares its border with Haryana, Chandigarh smugglers always prefer this route as on Rajashthan border from Bathinda side security agencies are always alert. In majority of cases, we did not find any local connection as purchaser and seller both belong to other districts of different states and they used this route and landed in our net,\" said a senior police officer on condition of anonymity.The details procured from the police show that they have arrested not only smugglers coming from Haryana side, but also many accused, who were trying to cross over to Haryana from Patiala route with narcotics brought from Bathinda and Amritsar areas.\"Since Rajasthan and Pakistan- based smugglers don't have any other short passage to enter in the country, they mainly try other states through Patiala. We have been keeping a strict watch on Punjab-Haryana border,\" said a senior Intelligence officer on condition of anonymity.When contacted, Patiala SSP Gurprit Gill said, they have formed special police teams, which are conducting regular patrolling on border.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15085834", "title": "Rajnath Singh criticises Congress for terror problem in J&K;", "text": "LUCKNOW: Taking a dig at the Congress, senior BJP leader Rajnath Singh blamed former prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru for the attack on Kashmir on the one hand and Centre's current policy for opting talks with Pakistan even when sponsored terrorism continues unabated in Jammu and Kashmir.Singh was addressing a gathering after unveiling the statue of Kargil martyr Amar Bahadur Singh in Unnao. He said, \"Had the then PM Jawaharlal Nehru been vigilant enough, no one would have dared to attack Kashmir.\" He criticised the UPA government for continuously ignoring Pakistan-sponsored terrorism in Jammu and Kashmir , and said, \"Kashmir is an integral part of India, and no ill-design to separate it from the country would be tolerated.\"Singh stressed upon the need to revamp the country's education system since the youngsters are getting attracted towards western culture. Once the education system is changed, only then youngsters would be able to know the martyrs, who laid down their lives for the country, as their role models. State BJP president Laxmikant Bajpayi said martyrdom of Amar Bahadur Singh would continue to inspire the countrymen. Reacting to BJP candidate Saroj Pathak's win in Kannauj Municipal Council, Bajpayi said party's victory in SP's bastion indicates that people have rejected SP government's policy against nationalist policy of the BJP. tnnThis shows that popular policies of the Akhilesh-led SP government has been exposed before the people of Kannauj in particular and state in general, said Bajpayi and added that farmers, traders and unemployed youths are feeling cheated in this government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15084006", "title": "Innovative schools to foster scientific temper", "text": "BHOPAL: Taking a cue from the movie 3 Idiots, the school education department is mulling to introduce a concept of fostering scientific temperament among the students in the lower classes.Talking about the concept of 'innovative schools', joint director (JD) of public instructions, PR Tiwari while addressing the first workshop of the project, said, \"The last scene of the Bollywood movie, 3 Idiots, had children demonstrating creative ideas. Our prime motto is to develop something in that direction.\"The 'innovative schools' would be implemented on a pilot basis in two schools -- one in Chunabhatti and the other in Rahul Nagar.\"This is being done to help develop creative thinking among children. A project is being developed to create an interface by bringing in agencies already working in this direction and synergize them in a common platform,\" said Tiwari.The first meeting on Saturday was attended by students from various faculties of MANIT, who are a part of the group called Udaan, officials from Regional Science Centre and members of Eklavya Social Welfare Association of Neo Socialites (SWANS) and MP Vigyan Sabha. Many ideas were put forth. Pawan Kumar of MANIT said, \"This should more on the lines of a scientific play school. Theory should be demonstrated by means of practical experiments which develop creative thinking.\"Regional Science Centre officials were quite enthusiastic about the project too.The coordinators for this ambitious project are Dhirendra Singh Tomar and Mahesh Sharma.A website to exchange ideas would also be developed for the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15089476", "title": "Counting of presidential poll votes begins", "text": "NEW DELHI: Counting of votes for the 14th Presidential election began here on Sunday in which UPA nominee Pranab Mukherjee has a clear edge over BJP-backed Purno Sangma.Counting of ballots began amidst tight security in Parliament House here in the presence of authorised representatives of both Mukherjee and Sangma.The ballot boxes of votes cast in Parliament House were taken up first for counting after which those from the states will be opened.Authorised representatives inspected the seals of the ballot boxes and the counting began after ascertaining that they were not tampered with.As many as 95 per cent of the 4,896 electors -- 776 MPs and 4,120 MLAs -- had exercised their franchise on Thursday at the polling centres set up in Parliament House and 30 other states and Union territories with assemblies.All the ballot boxes from the states had reached Parliament House yesterday and were kept in a strong room.Mukherjee appears set to win the election comfortably with UPA managers confident that he would bag over seven lakh of vote value of the total votes polled.The UPA constituents and its key supporting parties like SP, BSP, RJD and others had supported Mukherjee. Besides, he also got the support of opposition parties like Shiv Sena and JD(U).BJP-backed Sangma is expected to garner a vote value of around three lakh.The vote of SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav had been declared invalid by the Election Commission on the ground that he violated the code of secrecy by revealing his ballot. Yadav had initially voted for Sangma and then tore the ballot paper when he realised his mistake.The results are expected to be out by 4 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15086210", "title": "Govt will give compensation to Tamil Nadu fisherman's kin, says Ravi", "text": "KOCHI: Minister for overseas Indian affairs Vayalar Ravi said on Saturday that the Indian government would pay compensation to the family of the fisherman, A Sekhar, who was gunned down by the US Navy personnel off the UAE coast recently.He said steps had been taken to bring home the body of the deceased. The minister strongly condemned the killing of the fisherman.\"It was an arrogant act. Since the incident happened in the UAE waters it is for the UAE government to take action against the guilty. We have conveyed our anxiety and protest to the UAE government,\" Ravi said.The minister also said that a new law would be brought to regulate travel of women on visit visas to the countries in West Asia following complaints of sexual abuse against them.The proposed law aims at ensuring that visit visas are issued to women travelling alone only if the sponsors are their husbands, parents or close relatives working in those countries.Meanwhile, the body of the Indian fisherman who was gunned down by the US Navy personnel off Dubai coast is likely to be brought to India on Monday or Tuesday.\"We are just waiting for the formalities to be completed,\" Indian Ambassador to the UAE M K Lokesh told TOI over phone from Abu Dhabi.He said he had already sent a report to the Indian ministry of external affairs on the incident.Asked whether his report to the Indian government confirmed that it was an unprovoked firing Lokesh said,\"The UAE government is investigating the case, and we have to wait till the outcome is known. But the Dubai police chief said the US Navy personnel opened fire against the fishermen without any provocation. There are two versions of the incident.\"The US has been saying that their Navy personnel had opened fire at the fishermen after sufficient warning. But according to the fishermen it was an unprovoked firing ,\" said Lokesh.Kochi; Minister for Overseas Indian Affairs Vayalar Ravi on Saturday said Indian government would pay compensation to the family of the fisherman who was gunned down by the US Navy personnel off the UAE coast recently.He said steps were taken to bring home the body of the deceased fisherman.The Minister strongly condemned the killing of the fisherman. It was an arrogant act by the US Navy personnel. It has happened in the UAE waters and it is for the UAE government to take action against the guilty people. We have conveyed our anxiety and protest in the incident to the UAE government,'' the Minister said in response to questions from the journalists on the sidelines of a function here.The Minister also disclosed that a new law would be brought to regulate travel of women on visit visas to the countries in the Middle East following complaints of sexual abuse against them. The proposed law aims at ensuring that visit visas can be issued to woman travelling alone only by husband or parents or close relatives working in those countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15085108", "title": "Incident creation of local organization: Kageri", "text": "BANGALORE: Implementing RTE Act provisions has been controversial in Karnataka right from the beginning. There's been confusion over minority status, fee reimbursement and admitting 25% children from economically backward sections. Facing flak for alleged discrimination against quota children in a city school, primary and secondary education minister Visveswara Hegde Kageri tells STOI the alleged snipping of hair of RTE children in a Nandini Layout school is the creation of a local organization.* The government has only given an interim report on the hair-snipping incident at Oxford English School. Does this mean the investigation is incomplete?I want to make it clear that neither the management nor teachers of the school are involved in the hair-cutting incident. It has occurred among children. It's not a case of discrimination. The entire incident is the creation of a local organization which had some problems with the management.* There are complaints of alleged discrimination in classrooms from other areas of the city too. How will the government handle them?We have issued directions to school managements with these children not to indulge in any discrimination. They have given an in-principle undertaking to the department that children will be treated equally. No discrimination will be tolerated. I've constituted a five-member committee to look into such complaints from schools. The deputy directors of public instruction will monitor such complaints. Since this is the first year of RTE implementation, there will be hiccups. I'm sure it'll be sorted out. We'll learn every year.* The school has sought police protection. Is the BJP government under pressure from dalit groups?Not at all. The government will not buckle under any pressure. While we have told schools to treat children equally, we'll extend them all cooperation to implement the Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15093330", "title": "Matthew McConaughey says no stunt butts were used in stripper movie", "text": "Matthew McConaughey , who stripped naked in his new movie 'Magic Mike,' has revealed that it was all him in the movie and no stunt voices or stunt butts were used.The movie is the brainchild of Channing Tatum , who took inspiration from his days as a stripper in Florida before he broke into acting.In the movie, McConaughey played the ringleader and big brother to the young bucks, doing most of the stripping in the film - Tatum, Alex Pettyfer , Matt Bomer , Joe Manganiello and Adam Rodriguez.\"None of us besides Channing had ever stripped on a stage before, so ... we all walked the proverbial plank together,\" the Daily Telegraph quoted McConaughey as saying.It's already folklore that in his one stripping scene the female extras got so excited stuffing dollars into his g-string, they ripped it off.McConaughey's wife, Camila Alves - \"She was my girlfriend at the time,\" he quickly pointed out - was on set to see her man shoot the scene.Directed by Steven Soderbergh , the movie pulled off that near-impossible trick of, McConaughey says, \"getting critical acclaim and doing good business.\"It is nearing 100 million dollars at the US box office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15090784", "title": "Goverment to launch recovery programme for Great Indian Bustard", "text": "NEW DELHI: India is launching a recovery programme for Great Indian Bustard, one of the largest flying bird species, which is on the brink of extinction.The Environment ministry has issued guidelines based on the recommendations of a task force, constituted in 2010 with a mandate to look into the issue of conservation of bustards, to enable state governments to prepare site-specific action plans for recovery of the birds, once seen throughout the western half of India.Financial assistance will be given to the states for conservation of bustard, whose population is estimated at less than 250 individuals scattered across the grasslands of Rajasthan, Gujarat, Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh , Karnataka and Madhya Pradesh.Last year, the Great Indian Bustard was uplisted to 'Critically Endangered' -- the highest level of threat-- by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN).According to the IUCN, hunting, disturbance, habitat loss and fragmentation have all conspired to reduce this magnificent species to perhaps as few as 250 individuals.\"Standing a metre in height and weighing in at nearly 15 kg, the Great Indian Bustard was once widespread across the grasslands of India and Pakistan but is now restricted to small and isolated fragments of remaining habitat,\" the IUCN says.Despite the built to survive harsh weather conditions, bustards have been exterminated from almost 90 per cent of their former range owing to loss of habitat and poaching, WWF-India says.The grasslands which bustards inhabit have been converted into agricultural land and many have been opened up, to construct roads, resulting in fragmentation. The birds are still hunted for sport and meat though they are protected under Indian law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15087026", "title": "Two Western Railways commuters killed on tracks on day of strike", "text": "MUMBAI: A teenaged boy and a young woman, commuters on Western Railway (WR), died on Friday , the day the WR motormen's agitation brought trains to a grinding halt for almost four hours.Nearly 32 lakh commuters travel every day by the WR suburban network between Churchgate and Virar. The abrupt suspension of services\u2014officially between 3.30 pm and 4.30 pm\u2014led to crowds swelling exponentially at stations. With around 100 motormen reportedly calling in sick by 2 pm, the few trains plying during the agitation as well as station platforms witnessed an unprecedented overcrowding .Dattatreya Sidham, assistant commissioner of police with the Government Railway Police (GRP), told TOI that the two cases of accidental death had been registered with the Bandra and Borivli GRP. \"But the exact reasons for the deaths will be known only after we complete investigations,\" he said, adding that apart from the two cases, 11 passengers had suffered injures in rail-related incidents.Vineet Gala, a 16-year-old Matunga resident, died after falling off a Borivlibound train at Bandra. Gala, an SYJC commerce student at St Andrew's College, had reportedly boarded the train at Matunga but due to overcrowding was pushed out at Bandra at around 3.30pm.While the Bandra GRP says that Gala could have been hit by a train while crossing the tracks, Anish Khan, a railway activist, claims he was present at the station when the accident occurred . \"I have met the parents of the victims and requested them to lodge an FIR against the striking motormen since it was the agitation called by them that caused overcrowding and death of commuters,\" he says.The other accidental death occurred at Borivali, when Palghar resident Reena Kulkarni (25) fell into the gap between the platform and the train while trying to board the overcrowded Flying Ranee train.A Borivli GRP official said, \"The train had become overcrowded as the WR administration allowed suburban commuters to travel by mail/express trains. Kulkarni may have got pushed around by the crowd and fallen into the gap between the train and the platform at Borivali at around 7.35 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15084811", "title": "Naxals kill abducted youth, tribals upset", "text": "NAGPUR: Kishor Atram, a youth who was abducted by Naxals from Kamalapur village three days ago, was found dead near a forest office, three kms from Repanpalli police station in south Gadchiroli, on Saturday morning. Atram, in his twenties, was axed to death.It is learnt that Atram invited Naxals' ire after they suspected him of passing information to police about their activities. Intriguingly, Atram had been a Naxal supporter earlier. Atram, like other youth from the tribal district, was also trying to get a job in the police department but had failed despite couple of attempts. According to sources, many job aspirants have turned police informers after falling prey to false promises of getting favour in recruitment drives.Atram working at his village as a Special Police Officer (SPO) is also not ruled out as the police department has been extremely secretive about roping in youth and deploying them as SPO in their respective villages.It is learnt that Naxals also held a meeting at the village before abducting Atram. Sources said around half a dozen Naxals in uniform came to the village at 9pm to take Atram with them. The villagers pleaded to spare Atram but the Naxals did not pay any heed.It is learnt that the tribals are upset over failure of the security forces to rescue Atram. \"Since Atram's body was found not far from his house, it seems the Naxals must have been moving around in the close vicinity of the village. Atram could have been rescued if police had taken more efforts,\" said a villager.According to sources, in the past, too, Naxals killed a couple of youth who participated in the police recruitment drive after they returned to their villages. In fact, many such youth are staying away from their villages fearing Naxal backlash, add sources.Gadchiroli SP, Mohammed Suwez Haque said the security forces had information about the abduction and also Naxal presence and an operation was launched too. \"It is difficult for us to ensure security of every aspirant as around 52,000 forms were submitted for the recruitment drive. All we can do is to step up patrolling and launch more operations,\" said Haque.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15087005", "title": "When malkhamb fetched an Olympic medal", "text": "MUMBAI: Days before the Olympic Games get under way in London on July 27, the town of Amravati is dusting off picture albums and turning out old trunks that hold the relics of an earlier Olympiad. A moment frozen in time when the athletes of a local vyayamshala (gymnasium) impressed Adolf Hitler with their skill.\"The year was 1936. The Summer Olympics that year were being held in Herr Hitler's Germany. An official contingent from India was participating as a colony of British India. As it turned out, this was when hockey legend Dhyanchand and his men scored a decisive 8-1 win against the host nation to win an Olympic gold. It was also the year Jesse Owens created history.But what impressed the Fuhrer was an independent team from the modest Hanuman Vyayam Prasarak Mandal in Amravati . Carrying a saffron flag, the lithe athletes showed off a selection of the finest ethnic martial arts from malkhamb to wrestling. Chancellor Hitler granted the pehelwans a personal audience and conferred upon them a special medal and a certificate bearing his signature that their descendants have to this day.The saga began when Dr Siddhanath Kane, a doctor from Amravati on the executive committee of the fledgling Indian Olympic Association (IOA), decided to lead a 35-member troupe from the local gymnasium to showcase Indian martial arts at the Berlin Olympics. Copious correspondence followed with chief organizer Carl Diem, and the pehelwans received clearance to participate.At every step, the nationalists were faced with symbols of India's subjugation , and at every step they asserted their independence, like participating under a saffron flag. Vande Mataram played in Oly VillageDuring the inaugural march, the official Indian team was carrying the Union Jack, given that it was participating as a British colony. Our troupe, walking a few metres behind, proudly held aloft a traditional saffron flag,\" says Padmakar Kane, son of Siddhanath Kane. The 80-year-old educationist has pictures of his father's team participating in the parade wearing ethnic costumes , including the traditional pheta (turban).Early in the tournament, the hosts organized a grand banquet in honour of the visiting teams, where the national song of every country was played. \"Individual teams rose to their feet and remained standing for the duration of their song. Yet again our selfrespect was challenged, as the Indian contingent stood up to the British anthem God Save the King,\" says Kane.The Hanuman Vyayam Prasarak Mandal team members remained in their seats, prompting curious glances from German officials. \"German education minister Bernhard Rust asked my father why their group did not rise. He replied that they considered the nationalistic Vande Mataram their anthem and played it at their base camp every morning and evening when the saffron flag was hoisted and lowered. Rust asked if they were carrying a recording with them, which they were. \"That evening, Vande Mataram was played at the Olympic banquet ceremony ,\" says Kane.A few days later, called into action, the Hanuman brigade displayed its finest acrobatic moves at malkhamb exercises done with poles and ropes, push-ups , martial arts that employ weapons, even the traditional lezim dance. Newspapers across Germany and Europe splashed articles about the performance.Word soon reached Adolf Hitler, who invited the team over for an interview. \"He spoke to the members for around 20 minutes and curiously asked if most Indian men were well-built like the athletes from Amravati. They wickedly nodded in agreement ,\" laughs Kane. \"Hitler presented them with a special medal and certificate bearing his signature. They also received an Olympic medal for their performance.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15089777", "title": "Devudu Chesina Manushulu postponed to August 15", "text": "The release date of mass maharaja Ravi Teja-starrer Devudu Chesina Manushulu has been postponed again, and this time to August 15. Producer BVSN Prasad confirms that the film's release has been pushed back and an official announcement would be made in a couple of days. The film was originally scheduled for release in July but had to be postponed due to Eega's massive success and shortage of theaters.Ileana is playing Ravi Teja's love interest in Devudu Chesina Manushulu, which is directed by Puri Jagannath. She'll be seen as a taxi driver, a role that she never played so far while Brahmanandam will be seen as Lord Vishnu. Raghu Kunche has given the tunes, which have topped several chartbusters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "15096302", "title": "Bank employees flay Centre for favouring non-banking financial companies", "text": "AGARTALA: Bank Employees Federation of India (BEFI) has accused Centre of promoting non banking financial companies (NBFC) and helping them in expansion of business in the rural areas and preventing penetration of nationalized banks. Addressing the media on Saturday, BEFI general secretary Pradip Biswas alleged that within three months of the announcement regarding opening of rural banks in the last budget, as many as 30,000 branches of different nationalized banks became malfunctioned across the country.On the other hand, bank regulators are allowing the NBFCs and micro-finance companies to expand their business in villages, he said. Biswas alleged that these NBFCs were virtually cheating the poor people and those from the marginal income groups.Biswas demanded that Banking Act (Amendment) Bill, 2011 be withdrawn while pointing out that the proposed Bill would enable foreign companies to handle the management and working procedures of at least 12 private Indian banks including Indus Ind Bank, ICICI Bank , Yes Bank, Axix Bank and HDFC Bank .\"Centre is allowing big corporate giants to open private banks in India, which ultimately will lead to the situation that prevailed before the nationalization of banks in 1969,\" Biswas apprehended. He advised that the recommendations of Khandalwal Committee on bank reforms be revoked. He said the nationwide bank strike on July 25-26 had been postponed, as Indian Bank Association and management has called them for a meeting on Monday to discuss on their four-points demand and if the meeting fails to resolve the issues, the banks will go on a two-day strike from August 22.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15090597", "title": "Robot maids to battle Shantabai", "text": "Barely a few months into launching, robotic cleaner brands say urban Indians are eager to replace tantrum-throwing maids with 007 gadgets that can mop floors, scrub carpets and shine windows.The most precious gift Tushar Chopra gave his mother, Meena, last Mother's Day was a 'maid'. Diligent, punctual and far from quarrelsome, the new recruit kicks off the cleaning routine every morning at eight, after the teacher leaves her home in Panchkula, Chandigarh. Mopping floors, dusting carpets, and scrubbing the marble top kitchen counter, this new entrant has changed their lives, the Chopras claim. The fear of having to lose a hand to opportunistic neighbours doesn't arise when your hygiene cop is a disc-shaped robotic cleaner. \"The Robocop spruces up our home before I'm back from work. After years, I find myself not having to tell a maid to dig dirt from under the sofa. In fact, it's such a hit, my sister and neighbours borrow it over the weekend,\" says Chopra. A just-married working couple would appreciate a robot's sanitising services far more. Thirty-three-year-old Bengaluru entrepreneur Abhas Abhinav and wife Preeti say their patience has been challenged often by demanding house helps; a variety whose whimsical fits were immortalised by the \"itna paisa mein itnaich milega\" mantra made famous by a music channel campaign. \"We really didn't have time for blackmail. We got fed up and got ourselves a machine instead of a maid,\" said Abhinav, who is especially proud of his robot's mopping skills when a drink is spilt during a house party. Its side brushes dig into corners and edges, while the micro fibre mop is effective on hard floors. The machine, automatically docks with stations to recharge its battery, and resumes cleaning from where it paused. The robotic cleaner market in India is barely a couple of months old, but manufacturers are excited with customer curiosity. Milagrow Human Tech, a Gurgaon-based firm that manufactures Robocop ( 9,990), SuperBot ( 10,990), Red-Hawk ( 16,990) and the BlackCat ( 15,990), claim they have sold 2,500 units since their launch in February. \"People have less time on their hands. More women are joining the workforce, and efficient domestic help is tough and expensive to find. It's only natural for technology to step in. Our latest launch includes a window cleaning robot that we are targeting at owners of homes in high- rise apartments,\" says CEO Rajeev Karwal, who hopes sales hit 1 lakh units a year by 2015. They are not the only ones. Eureka Forbes has launched Robocleanz ( 7, 990) while LG's Hom Bot ( 43,990) maps your home for dust deposits, before busting all signs of dirt. Robocleanz's Facebook teaser is inviting customers to discuss 'Dus bahane meri bai de gayi...(ten excuses my maid came up with)'. The Japan Robot Association has predicted that by 2025, the personal robot industry that stands at $5 billion today, will be worth more than $50 billion a year globally. In India, the customers like Amit Sharma will make sure the figures are met. The 45-yearold resident of Gurgaon is a pilot training instructor for a domestic airline, and invested in a robotic cleaner three months ago to enjoy the idea of returning to a clean home every night . \"My daily schedule made it tough to coordinate my hours at home with a maid's,\" says Sharma. In the West, domestic robots end up doing far more. The Korea Institute of Science and Technology has designed robots that stand four feet tall and weigh 122 pounds. The Mahru-Z has a human-shaped body, and is capable of 'seeing' three-dimensional objects and recognising people and identifying jobs that need to be done. It can, for instance, pick up a dirty shirt, throw it into a washing machine and push the buttons to get the laundry done. Bengalur u-based Ramaprasanna Chellamuthu is hoping to get there with his creations. He has built robots that cook and clean, and even splash water over his head on mornings that he oversleeps. \"My robots come fitted with three webcams and a screen, with a gesture-recognising software. Robot cleaners will change the future of cleaning,\" says the engineer with Microsoft. Navrisham Kaur Grewal, co-founder of Ludhiana's Metalmate Robotics, although dealing in commercial robotics in India, harbours an old school thought \u2014 \"Robotic cleaning can never replace haath ki safai\". But for urban Indians pressed for time, technology that saves them from tantrums is worth an investment. Robots gain fans It's estimated that about 2.2 million robots for personal and domestic use were sold in 2010 \u2014 that's 35 per cent more than in 2009. The International Federation of Robotics headquartered in Germany has projected that global sales of domestic robots could reach over 9.8 million units between now and 2014.So, what can a robo maid do? I Clean all types of surfaces, from marble and tiles to carpet, glass and wood. I Work from 45 to 90 minutes, and recharge itself in between cleaning cycles. I Have in-built obstacle and edge detection intelligence to prevent it from colliding into people and furniture, and rolling down a flight of stairs. I Can be auto-scheduled to kick off cleaning operations at particular time and date. I In-built UV ray lamp helps destroy virus and bacteria. Tips for those looking to buy a robo maid If you are considering an international brand that's been imported to India, you will be shelling out far more. Premium robot vacuum cleaners start at 30,000. Make sure the after-sales service is good. Dust is a problem peculiar to India, making maintenance vital. I'd recommend the Mint Floor Cleaner robot for Indian homes. It's more of a dry and wet mopper than a full-fledged floor washer. \u2014 Navrisham Kaur Grewal, co-founder, Ludhiana's Metalmate Robotics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15088993", "title": "Two gruesome crimes force Chandigarh police to change its strategy", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Two sensational and gruesome crimes following matrimonial disputes and family relations have forced Chandigarh police offiicals to think about something differ from the routine policing in the city.High placed sources told TOI, \"In one of the incidents, in which a 32-year-old man had committed suicide after making a foiled attempt to kill his second wife, the matter had been reported to the police force about the strained relations between husband and wife four months back. But, lower rank cops were dealing the matter with a casual approach and never thought it would become so tragic.\"Samoul Masie of Zirakpur near Chandigarh had shot himself after making a foiled attempt to kill his second wife Anita on July 20. A week before this incident, Vajinder Singh, 31, of Sector 20, had murdered his wife Pooja along with his paramour Renu and dumped the body in a deserted area of Hoshiarpur district on July 13. Also, accused Vajinder had tried to mislead the police while lodging a missing complaint of his wife and he was nailed after three days after the incident. A senior police official said, \"After these two incidents, thana police personnel were instructed to investigate and console both the parties involved in matrimonial disputes calmly and thoroughly.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15084788", "title": "Woman lawyer's complaint of harassment by cops to be probed", "text": "MUMBAI: The city police are conducting an enquiry in to allegations of misbehaviour made by a woman lawyer against seven police officers of Shivaji Park police station.Deputy Commissioner of Police (Zone V) Dhananjay Kulkarni said on Saturday, \"An enquiry is on after the woman wrote to the police commissioner claiming that seven cops attached with the Shivaji Park police station misbehaved with her when she asked them to produce their identity. She admitted to consuming alcohol at a birthday party and of catching the collar and slapping a cop who was abusive to her and treated her badly. She also said there was no policewoman present when they were taken in a police van.\" He added that the police offered to apologise on behalf of those involved and will take action once the enquiry is complete.But a cop at Shivaji Park police station defended the officers who were patrolling that night. He said, \"They followed the law. The woman and her brother were having a brawl in the middle of the road at 1.30am on the night of July 14. She charged at the police to show her alcohol permit. We only booked them under section 110 of the Bombay Police Act instead of booking her under the serious section 353 of the IPC (assaulting a public servant on duty). Now she is raising a hue and cry.\"The complaint, as reported in a section of the media, and a copy of which is with this paper, stated that she was returning home after celebrating her birthday with her brother and friends. The lawyer, a 26-year-old who graduated two years ago and works with a well-known law firm, was allegedly abused by the policemen and charged with \"behaving indecently in public\" and fined Rs 1200, as were three others accompanying her for the offence under the Act.In her complaint to the commissioner of police and the joint commssioner of police (law &amp; order), the woman said she was trying to pacify her younger brother who had stepped out of the car near Ruparel College, Matunga, at around 1.30am, and was asking him to return when six to eight policemen in plainclothes approached them. The police refused to show their identity or badges when asked and instead commented on her attire, the complaint said, adding she and the others had done no wrong, they had their alcohol permits, were not driving drunk, no music was playing loud. In her complaint to the police she said: \"They (cops) approached us and did not ask any questions whatsoever. They directly started man-handling my brother. At this time I intervened to ask for the reason or probable cause of this assault on him. I also asked for their ID and badge number which they completely ignored.At this juncture, PSI Bane slapped me hard hurting my left eye and ear. My lip was also torn from the inside. I have the injuries to show how brutal this attack was. I being a lawyer realized that a police officer is not allowed to touch or approach any woman between the hours of 12am and 6am without a woman officer being present. Thus, in retaliation I slapped PSI Bane. After this he continued to hit me with his hand and lathi. The other officers present continued to hit my brother and also our friends who tried to intervene. They were hit with lathis and received kicks to the chest and abdomen. Their clothes were torn and all their personal belongings were confiscated. After brutally hitting us for about 10 minutes, the Police, put us in their car and took us to Shivaji Park police station. At the police station, the night duty officer in charge, Mr Vinay Kumay Ruchankar did not pay heed to what we had to say. Nobody asked us to give any explanation. The police continued to make allegations against us and our morals and values. When I asked them to take down an FIR against the officers for assaulting me, they refused to take down the complaint. They insisted that I was under the influence of alcohol and could not give them any logical explanation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15084183", "title": "Five doctors yet to disclose details under RTI", "text": "INDORE: How long can an RTI application take to be answered? Five doctors of the state would definitely like to avoid answering this question. They are allegedly trying to sweep an RTI application under the carpet for the past two years.The application filed by an RTI applicant Dr Anand Rai in July 24, 2010 had sought details of Clinical Trial Agreement (CTA). The deadline to submit copy to the state information commission was July 20, 2012.The superintendent of Maharaja Yeshwantrao Hospital had reportedly asked the doctors to submit the copy of CTA document by July 16, 2012 but unfortunately none of the doctors abided. When contacted, dean of the medical college Dr Pushpa Verma, refused to comment on the issue. It is to be noted that Dr Verma has already provided a copy of CTA, which others are not disclosing stating it a confidential document. Doctors Hemant Jain, Salil Bhargava, Anil Bharani, Apoorva Pauranik and Ashok Bajpai have been shying away from disclosing it. In November 2010, the then dean of Mahatma Gandhi Medical College (MGMC) had declared the CTA as non-confidential and had asked the doctors to answer but to no avail. The applicant had sought the details of clinical trials conducted in past six years starting from year 2004 and CTA documents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15089385", "title": "Only one fight in Nag\u2019s Love Story", "text": "Apparently, Nagarjuna's under-shoot movie \"Love Story\"has only one action episode. Billed to be a romantic entertainer in which Nag plays the role of an NRI, it seems that Dasharath wants to showcase our Yuva Samrat as a romantic lad rather than a typical man bashing the goons. As such, the director had purposely avoided violent action scenes and wants to portray the film as a clean family entertainerRemember, Nagarjuna and Dasharath's earlier film \"Santosham\" (2001) does not feature a single fight scene. And the director is perhaps trying to recreate the same magic. Nag will be romancing Nayantara while Meera Chopra will be seen in an important role in this film, which is produced under Kamakshi Movies banner. The unit recently shot 'the only' action sequence in the movie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15095848", "title": "Two dead after falling into manhole", "text": "HUBLI: Two men died of asphyxiation in a newly constructed manhole in Chanakyapuri colony in Hubli on Sunday.According to police sources, deceased were identified as Ramesh Lamani (20) and Santosh Lamani (24) of Nelur Tanda of Ron Taluk of Gadag district.Sources said, Ramesh descended into the newly constructed 12 ft manhole to clean it. When Ramesh did not come out, Santosh who was waiting outside, also got into the manhole but both did not come out of the manhole for some time.Basavaraj, who was also working in another manhole in the same area, grew suspicious, when both did not come out, he got down into the manhole. When, all the three did not come out of the manhole, other co-worker, Bheemagowda went near to the manhole and saw into the manhole where he saw Basavaraj was struggling to come out.He immediately lifted Basavaraj out with help of rope and alerted Police and fire brigade personnel, who rushed to the spot and lifted both Ramesh and Santosh, who were already unconscious. But, Ramesh and Santosh were declared brought dead by the doctors in KIMS, hospital.Speaking to TOI, Bheemagowda, who managed to rescue Basavaraj, said, they were busy in removing debris in the newly constructed manholes. When Basavaraj did not come up, I saw into the manhole where we found Basavaraj struggling to come out and immediately rescued him with help of rope. But, Ramesh and Santosh were already stuck in the manhole and they were lifted out by police.Sachin Chalwadi, Inspector, Old Hubli, said, both deceased got into the manhole to remove the debris like mud, sand since the manhole was newly constructed one. Case has been registered with old Hubli police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15096127", "title": "Vinod Phadke elected as president of GCA", "text": "PANAJI: Vinod Phadke was on Sunday elected as the president of the Goa Cricket Association (GCA), defeating Sashikant Sardessai by a wide margin.Out of the 110 clubs, 98 participated in the voting that took place this morning which saw Phadke securing 96 votes while Sardessai got only two votes.All the 15 members of Phadke's panel contesting for the managing committee posts also got elected. Talking to reporters after the counting, Phadke said that his first priority would be to build an international cricket stadium in Goa.\"If things go in right direction, work on the stadium will start within three months,\" stated Phadke, who has been appointed as manager of the Indian team for the Junior World Cup to be held in Queensland, Australia in August.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15088734", "title": "Saindhu Saindhu is a hit", "text": "There's been a great deal of expectation from the Gautham Menon-Ilaiyaraaja combination, ever since the news of them collaborating together for Neethane En Ponvasantham first broke.The Samantha and Jiiva starrer has its first song teaser promo out and the video uploaded by Sony Music has become an instant hit with the netizens. The song is called Saindhu Saindhu , which has been sung by Yuvan Shankar Raja. The fact that composer singing for his father after a long time has made this song extra special for the Kollywood fans.The song shows Jiiva and Samantha in some cute romantic sequences and it goes with words saying that this could be anyone's love story. With Gautham doing a romantic story again, something that works well every time he shows one to the Kollywood audience, the fans are now eagerly waiting for not just the music but the film itself to release.Simultaneously, the teaser promo for the Telugu version of this film, which stars Nani and Samantha in the lead, was also released online and has the Tollywood fans going gaga over it. Look's like the Vinnaithandi Varuvaaya filmmaker's back with his winning ways if the expectations are anything to go by.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "faridabad", "code": "15084034", "title": "Sarpanch shot in hospital", "text": "FARIDABAD: The sarpanch of Chapraula village near Faridabad was shot at point blank allegdly by his political rivals on Saturday. He died on the spot. Sources said Brijendra Singh was attacked when he went to Ballabgarh to see his ailing son in a hospital.The assailants barged into the hospital and punched five-six bullets into Singh. According to eyewitnesses, three people, armed with guns, came in a Scorpio and escaped the scene immediately after the attack.His father Jagdish Singh has filed an FIR against 12 people. He said Brijendra was killed due to political rivalry which started with him winning the panchayat elections in 2010. Raj Kumar had lost the election against him. This enmity continued and has killed his son, said Jagdish.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15084990", "title": "In Vidarbha, opinion divided", "text": "The farmers of cotton-producing Vidarbha region are divided on the use of genetically modified Bacillus thuringiensis (Bt) cotton to more conventional cotton seeds. While the cotton growers are unanimous about the high-yield obtained from Bt cotton variety, they have reservations about opting for this variety given the high input costs. Farmers were also unanimous of the view that Bt cotton is best sowed in regions with good irrigation facilities.Ambadas Rathod, a farmer from Ghatanji Tehsil of Yavatmal district, said prior to switching to Bt cotton in 2005 he sowed traditional cotton on his five acre land. Like most farmers, he too opted for Bt cotton due to its high yield and, within a short span, the locally available traditional seeds were discarded. \"But it's true that the use of Bt cotton seeds requires high input costs such as cost of the seeds, fertilizers and pesticides and farm labour,\" he said.Ashok Bhutada, who owns over 20 acres of land, said that Bt cotton has failed in Vidarbha. \"I have been cultivating traditional cotton seeds before the arrival of Bt cotton. My yield was comparatively less but I never incurred any loss,\" Bhutada said.\"Bt cotton can never be a substitute for the traditional cotton seed when compared with the input cost,\" said Rajendra Patil of Arni tehsil in Yavatmal district. \"For cultivating traditional cotton it's around Rs10,000 per hectare and for Bt Cotton it is Rs35-40,000.\"Ambadas Khot, a progressive farmer from Akola, has stopped sowing Bt cotton for the last five years. He claims that most farmers who sowed Bt cotton eventually committed suicide \"as they didn't get sufficient remunerative price\".\"The cotton is graded as per its staple length. The staple length of Bt cotton is not more than the traditional cotton which naturally keeps the remunerative price same,\" said Ashok Thakre, a farmer from Darwha tehsil in Yavatmal district.Sanjay Khansbage, a farmer from Warud tehsil in Amravati district who sowed Bt cotton on his two acre land, said he was happy initially with the 12 quintal yield. But he argues that traditional cotton variety is better than Bt seed when it comes to high production cost involved. Khansbage also termed it as a myth that there are no chances of pest attack in Bt crop. \"The Bt crop fell pray to Lalya pest attack that caused havoc last year,\" he said.Bhumesh Pipale, a farmer from Zadshi village Seloo taluka, said, \"Bt seed is not beneficial for dryland and does not suit all soils in Vidarbha. It requires specific atmosphere and care.\"\"Bt may be beneficial if it comes cheaper,\" said Babarao Thakre of Kajalsara village of Deoli taluka.Haji Aftab Beg Patel of Waigaon, who owns 40 acre land, said, \"I used to sow Bt on more than 30 acres, but this year I sowed it only on five acres. Bt seeds' high yield benefits the traders most and not the farmers.\"Abid Ali , from the cotton belt of Korpana, cultivates Bt cotton on his 60 acre agricultural land. He reaps 20-22 quintals of cotton per acre in irrigated fields, while non-irrigated crop have yield of around 12 quintals per acres. \"I have been cultivating Bt cotton since last five years. However since last three years I have increased the use of fertilizer to maintain the yield, but this has affected the soil quality and fertility of land,\" he said. Ali maintained that conventional cotton seeds require intense spraying of pesticides to protect the crop from pests.Another farmer, Vijay Bawne from the same region, supported the use of Bt variety but blamed chemical fertilizers for spoiling the land fertility. He cultivates Bt cotton in 20 acres of land since last seven years and gains around 20 quintal yield per acre in irrigated land. \"Bio-fertilizers could be handy, but farmers now-a-days have lesser cattle, hence cannot obtain necessary manure for their fields,' he said.Satish Racharlawar from Sironcha tehsil in Gadchiroli claimed of yielding 10 quintals per acre from Bt variety in his non-irrigated fields. \"Good brands of Bt seeds give better yield. However much depends upon rainfall and application of chemical fertilizers to the crop,\" he said adding that if Gadchiroli gets good irrigation facility, it may encourage farmers to opt for the Bt variety.(With inputs from TO Abraham in Yavatmal, Suhas Vyas in Akola, Vaidehi More in Amravati, Balwant Dhage in Wardha and Mazhar Ali in Chandrapur)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15085234", "title": "Work on metro to begin next year", "text": "NAGPUR: Work on Nagpur metro railway is likely to begin next year if everything goes as per schedule. Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) has told Nagpur Improvement Trust (NIT) that it will submit the detailed project report (DPR) in September.NIT chairman Pravin Darade said DMRC had completed the surveys and was now preparing the report. \"Once we get the report, we will send it to state and central governments for approval. Then we will start the tender process,\" he said.Darade added that NIT had signed the agreement for preparing the DPR with DMRC in February and given it a target to do the job in eight months. \"DMRC has assured us that it will meet deadline,\" he said.The DMRC had conducted five type of surveys junction, screen line, outer cordon, parking and door-to-door surveys.The junction survey was done at prominent squares and traffic junctions. The screen line survey was done at railway over bridges (ROBs), flyovers, railway under bridges (RUBs), nullah crossings, etc. In the outer cordon survey DMRC agents studied the traffic movement in areas near municipal limits. Availability of parking spaces was noted down and the agents went to many residences at random and asked them about their vehicular movement patterns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15085632", "title": "Man tests H1N1 positive, 5-yr-old discharged from hospital", "text": "COIMBATORE: In a fresh case reported on Friday, a 43-year-old man tested H1N1 positive from Nallampalayam locality in the city corporation limits. The patient was admitted to a private hospital in the city and had recently gone to Mysore where he reportedly contracted the disease.Sources claimed he is responding well to the medical treatment and is expected to recover in the coming days. The city corporation has convened a meeting of its health officials to tackle the H1N1 infections and has also instructed its health officials to take control measures against the virus. As many as 15 H1N1 cases have been reported from the city corporation limits since April 2012.\"The health officials of the corporation has been asked to take control measures against the disease and also ensure that Tamiflu tablets are distributed to suspected patients in the city,\" said SM Velusamy, mayor, Coimbatore municipal corporation.Meanwhile, the five-year-old girl from Nilgiris district undergoing treatment at the isolation ward of Coimbatore Medical College Hospital has been discharged from the hospital along with three other members of the family who were tested negative for the infection on Saturday. However the hospital authorities claimed that they were ready to accept any case of fresh H1N1 infection at the isolation ward of the hospital.\"At the moment there are no H1N1 cases in the hospital after the discharge of the girl from Niligiris district. But theIsolation ward has been kept ready to accept patients as and when they are brought for treatment here,' said P Sivaprakasam, resident medical officer, CMCH.The girl along with three others were referred to Coimbatore earlier this week after a 26 year old woman from their neighbhouhood in Porthiaada in Nilgiris district was declared dead due to complications from H1N1 infection. The Chief Minister has already taken strong note of the incident and has issued stern instructions to the public health services in the district to remain prepared to extend proper treatment to the patients. State Health Minister Dr VS Vijay along with senior officials from the public health services department will conduct a review meeting on H1N1 with government hospital doctors on Monday morning in the city followed by another session with medical staff and senior doctors of private hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15086022", "title": "Pune: 25 MEd colleges cannot admit news students for 2012-13", "text": "PUNE: The management council of the University of Pune has approved a proposal banning admissions to the first-year postgraduate education ( MEd) programme at 25 colleges because they have not met the minimum requirement of teaching staff.\"Only five M.Ed colleges will be eligible to effect admissions this year. The management council approved this move at its meeting on Friday evening and we are in the process of communicating the decision to the concerned colleges,\" said UoP vice-chancellor Wasudev N Gade.The action was taken after reviewing the availability of full-time university approved teaching staff at M.Ed colleges. \"We had sought information from all M.Ed colleges regarding the status of their teaching staff,\" he added.As a rule, colleges should have a full-time principal, an associate professor and at least two assistant professors. \"A majority of the M.Ed colleges do not have the requisite number of teaching staff. We started with postgraduate education colleges, but our aim is to take a similar review across all colleges at the earliest,\" said Gade. He, however, clarified that the management council's decision is confined to putting a ban on fresh admissions at these 25 M.Ed colleges for AY 2012-13. The decision will not have bearing on the existing students at these colleges.Also, the prospect of initiating disaffiliation process against these colleges is a long-drawn exercise involving issuance of show-cause notices, hearing process and approval of disaffiliation by statutory bodies like the UoP's faculty of education, academic council and management council, he said.Gade said, \"All the 25 M.Ed colleges had adequate opportunities to rectify their deficiency in teaching staff considering that we have been following up this issue with them one way or the other for the last one year.\"In March last year, the Supreme Court had set aside the Nagpur bench of the Bombay high court's judgment of December 3, 2008, that had provided a time-bound programme for the universities to ensure that all its affiliated colleges have full-time principals and adequate teaching staff in place. The high court verdict had also provided for actions like ban on admissions to first-year courses at the defaulting college and disaffiliation process for a continuing default.The Supreme Court ruled out the proposed actions while setting aside the high court judgment, but it maintained that the process of appointment of principals and teaching staff should go on as usual.Gade said, \"After the apex court ruling, there has been a general sense of indifference among the colleges to have university-approved teaching staff in place. The reason behind the M.Ed colleges failing to remove their deficiency could be the viability issues arising out of lesser number of students opting for postgraduate education courses.\"Colleges that can start M.Ed admissions for 2012-13Rajgarh Dnyanpeeth's Shrimati Nirmalatai Thopte college, BhorSPM's Tilak college of education, Sadashiv Peth, PuneShivaji Maratha Society's college of education, Aranyeshwar, Parvati, PuneJagdamba Education Society's SND college of education, Babulgaon, Yeola, dist NashikMVP's college of education, Nashik", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15085201", "title": "Centre Point School Katol Road suspends 3 students for underage driving", "text": "NAGPUR: Following the footsteps of its other branches Centre Point School (CPS), Katol Road branch suspended three students for underage driving. Earlier this month, CPS Wardhaman Nagar and Dhaba branches had suspended eight students for driving without valid licence.Of the three students suspended, two were caught riding two-wheelers while the third was seen driving a four-wheeler. The students riding the two-wheelers were in eighth and tenth standards while the one caught driving a four-wheeler was an eight standard student.All the three have been suspended for a week. \"As decided we have informed the commissioner of police who has asked us to notify DGP traffic also. We also called the parents of the suspended students and gave them letters,\" said Kana Roy Choudhuri, principal of CPS.The two wheeler riders were suspended on Thursday, while the student who was driving a car was suspended on Saturday. \"This step is in accordance with the decision which we had taken earlier regarding underage driving. We had already taken an undertaking from the parents about not letting their child drive without valid licence,\" Choudhuri said.The CPS group has been taking stringent action in case students are caught driving without proper licence in order to deter students from indulging in underage driving. Now, with the Katol Road branch also suspending its students, it has sent a strong message against underage drivers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15084319", "title": "Chopper theft: Gangster convicted", "text": "NEW DELHI: A city court has held gangster Romesh Sharma guilty of extortion, cheating and other penal offences for forcibly taking away a helicopter owned by a businessman, in 1996. Sharma, alleged aide of Dawood Ibrahim , took away the helicopter and kept it for his use at his farmhouse in the capital.Metropolitan magistrate Sandeep Jain convicted Sharma of cheating, extortion, dishonestly receiving stolen property, kidnapping, criminal intimidation and conspiracy.The court will hear the prosecution and defence arguments on the quantum of punishment on Monday. The case was registered in 1998 on a complaint from H Suresh Rao, owner of the Bell-47 helicopter. CBI had stated that Sharma met Rao in 1996 and sought to hire his chopper for campaigning in an election. The chopper was sent to Phoolpur, where it was used for electioneering work. Sharma later refused to return it to Rao.When the helicopter was to be sent back to Mumbai, it was grabbed by Sharma's henchmen, who took it to Delhi. The chopper was later seized by Delhi Police, which had initially registered the case, which was later transferred to the CBI. Sharma is also facing trial in nearly a dozen criminal cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15091935", "title": "I earned the wrath of Ajith's fans: KK", "text": "The real success of an actor lies in how believable he makes his performance to be. By that yardstick, actor KK aka Krishnakumar seems to have hit the bull's eye.The actor, who hails from Kerala, played a rogue cop in a refugee camp, who tries to finish off David Billa, Ajith's character in the recently-released Billa II . The film contains explosive scenes where KK's character clashes with Ajith and picks up a fight with him and utters dialogues demeaning Billa's character.While his performance has increased his visibility among the public, KK reveals that some Ajith fans were irked that he could speak to their Thala in a demeaning way, even if it was only on screen. \"How dare you insult our Thala, a few of the enraged ones asked me,\" the actor told a leading daily.But, the actor, who is also seen on TV serials, says that all the hard work he put in for Billa II has paid off. \"I got hurt when filming a fight scene but still managed to complete the shoot. I'm happy now the role has got noticed,\" he said.The actor is currently acting in Jiiva's Mugamoodi , which is directed by Mysskin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "hambantota (sri lanka)", "code": "15089114", "title": "Wearing India colours motivates me: Virat Kohli", "text": "HAMBANTOTA (Sri Lanka): Virat Kohli , who fashioned India's 21-run victory over Sri Lanka in the first one-dayer, says that wearing India colours was a big motivating factor for him.\"I get really motivated when I put on India jersey. It is a responsibility so I want to perform the best way I can,\" Kohli told reporters at the post match press conference on Saturday night.\"I was fortunate to have done well on a consistent basis. It was a matter of going out there and applying yourself and look for the best possible result,\" said Kohli who scored a 133-ball 106 to give India a 1-0 lead in the five-match ODI series.Kohli hit his 12th ODI century and his third against Sri Lanka this year.He said the breeze at Hambantota played a big role in the day part of the innings.\"Ball travels much quicker off the bat in the night. We made a few mistakes in the field because we had not played here before,\" Kohli said.Meanwhile, Sri Lankan captain Mahela Jayawardene conceded that it was a tough target to chase down but felt his side did not give up and tried till the end.\"It was a tough target to chase under lights, but there were positives from the game that we can take,\" Jayawardene said.Commenting on Kohli's performance, Jayawardene said that despite the young Indian's three hundreds against Sri Lanka in the recent past, there were others in the Indian side the Lankans have to be aware of.\"We must try to stop him from scoring but its just not him only,\" he said.Jayawardene said no Sri Lankan batsman was able to bat alongside Sangakkara, who hit 133 for a losing cause, to keep up with the required run rate.\"Kumar batted exceptionally well dragging the game to where it needed to be so that we can have a crack at it,\" Jayawardene said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15085088", "title": "Federation wants CCTVs in its schools", "text": "BANGALORE: After the controversy over alleged discrimination against RTE quota children in a private school in the city, state schools are getting extra cautious on the matter.In its latest meeting, the Karnataka State Private School Management Federation has advised all its member schools to install CCTVs and voice recorders in its entrances and office rooms. \"Many schools have had bad experiences of self-proclaimed NGOs and activists barging in and manhandling school authorities. With the installation of CCTVs, one will get to know who is right and who is wrong. In case the school can afford, they can even put it up in classrooms,\" said Shashi Kumar D, organizing secretary.Last week, Oxford English School in Nandini Layout was dragged into a controversy over alleged discrimination against children admitted under the 25% quota of RTE. The interim report however has given a clean chit to them. with the minister for primary and secondary education Visveswara Hegde Kageri saying that it was a local body that was harassing them.Fake certificatesThe schools' association has brought to the notice of the government about the fake income certificates they are receiving. \"Many children who apply under RTE quota actually come from financially sound families. We have the case of a parent whose pay slip showed Rs 60,000 salary yet applied for RTE quota. There are government officials who take bribe and issue certificates. We have told the minister to take action against this,\" he said.The association has also asked the minister to protect managements and also sought help from police in case there are cases of trespassing. \"Parents sometimes abuse teachers. We have requested the commissioner of public instruction and DGP for help in any such case and take them to task,\" he added.Around 800 schools, mostly from the state board, come under the association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15089999", "title": "Houston's dad wanted her to marry Hammer", "text": "MC Hammer has revealed that Whitney Houston's father John wanted her to marry the rapper.The hip hop star said that her dad had taken him aside at the 1991 Super Bowl , where the singer was performing, to say, \"You should really consider marrying Whitney.\"And he replied back: \"I'd love to, but I'm married! I love my wife . . . I always laugh about that,\" the New York Post quoted him as saying in the TV show 'In the Mixx.'\"I loved Whitney, and miss her dearly,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15085042", "title": "Global drug cartel run by Delhi exporters busted", "text": "NEW DELHI: A recent mega haul of party drug ketamine, also known as date-rape drug, has blown the lid off a cartel run by two Delhi exporters, who are suspected to have illegally shipped contraband worth Rs 500 crore in the past few years by hiding it in cosmetic products. These 'cosmetic' consignments are suspected to have been shipped to the US, Canada and south-east Asian countries.The Delhi zone of the Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) seized more than 350kg of ketamine from the two Delhi exporters on Wednesday, in what is considered one of the biggest hauls in recent times. The drug had been stuffed into bangle boxes and pouches of cosmetics and was being exported to Malaysia when the DRI officials intercepted the consignment at IGI airport.The agency arrested the owners of the consignment \u2014 Paramjeet Singh Gulati and Atul Kumar Agarwal \u2014 both described as dealers of cosmetics and organic compounds among other items.Sources said that the duo would fraudulently obtain import-export codes (IEC) using fake documents and addresses against bogus export companies. They would then pack the drug, obtained from various sources, in mehndi powder pouches, glass bangle boxes, vanity cases and purses. Remittances for the drug were received via hawala networks.In the present case, sources said, the DRI received information about a big consignment of ketamine being shipped to Malaysia, and searched for the contraband in air cargo at IGI airport. The agency found 151.98 kg of ketamine packed as cosmetic and accessory products.Another raid at the residences and office premises of the accused led the DRI to an additional haul of 200kg of ketamine. The agency also recovered Rs 1.68 crore as proceeds of drug sale from the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15086700", "title": "Govt vows to address drought concerns", "text": "HUBLI: The state is reeling under severe drought - the worst ever in the last four decades - due to monsoon failure. With reference to this, deputy chief minister K S Eshwarappa said the government will utilize all its resources and power to provide drinking water for people in the affected districts and fodder to cattle.Interacting with mediapersons here on Saturday, he said the government will soon fetch fodder from north Indian states soon for the purpose. \"Besides this, we will fulfill the aspirations of people with regard to development,\" he added.Admitting that the pace of development works in Shimoga is slow, especially after the resignation of B S Yeddyurappa as the CM, Eshwarappa said the works will be expedited by providing sufficient funds. \"I will lay special emphasis on industry and tourism in the district,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15085595", "title": "Shops sealed for metro reopen hours later", "text": "CHENNAI: There was high drama on EVR Periyar Salai on Saturday. Merely hours after collectorate officials sealed 20 shops opposite the Central railway station, shopkeepers reopened them after getting a stay order from Madras high court.It began at noon when officials from the city collectorate arrived, and immediately ordered customers and employees in the shops to vacate the premises, said witnesses. They claimed that it was government land handed over to Chennai Metro Rail Limited for the construction of the underground station in Park Town. \"The shops are situated on government land that had been handed over to CMRL. We have also roped in the corporation to facilitate the eviction,\" said the official. The land on which the shops stand has been taken over by the government.The shops were reportedly served sealing notices one month ago and on Friday, informing them that the land was going to be taken over for works on the underground station. During the sealing, shopkeepers said, they vacated without protesting or blocking traffic.The shopkeepers who had earlier filed a case in the high court against the eviction drive, managed to get a court intervention two hours later, giving them one week's time.\"We had received notices that metro rail required the land to build their station and that we had to give up our shops. We immediately made an appeal in the court. The court has delayed the sealing drive by one week,\" said a travel agent whose shop was evacuated in the afternoon. By 5:30pm all the shops reopened, say shop-keepers. However, CMRL and the Chennai collector refused to comment on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15086852", "title": "Housing royal city\u2019s history", "text": "MYSORE: When primary education was in its nascent stage in India, Mysore had a hostel which offered shelter to numerous students who thronged the city with a dream to make it big. In what could be considered as a revolutionary concept given that the literacy rate in India in 1881 was just 3.2 per cent, the Maharaja's College Hostel was built to house students who made the Royal City their second home. The facility was developed in 10 years after the construction of the legendary Maharaja's College was completed at the fag end of the 19th century.One of the major architectural jewels dotting the Chamaraja Double Road, the Maharaja's College Hostel, a two-storey structure, was built during the reign of Maharani Vani Vilas.The utilitarian structure is composed of sloping tiled-roofs with a bungalow-style wooden-slatted gable, topping the middle section, according to historian T P Issar who has penned a book on the city's architectural wonders.This structure is an interesting example of the bungalow-gothic variant of the public architecture of the times, he says.The hostel was a hub of students' activities during the pre-Independence era when the youths were at the forefront of the agitation. The facility was built in 1900 just outside the sprawling Maharaja's College campus and is reminiscent of its period. It has Gothic arcade on the ground floor, triple-arched first floor at the centre and rounded off with finials in the wings. It has housed many noted personalities, including poet Kuvempu and former chief minister S Bangarappa when they were studying at the legendary Maharaja's College. Education sector was in focus when Maharaja Chamaraja Wadiyar ascended the throne in 1881. During his reign spread over 13 years, a first grade English college was established. He also set up three oriental colleges. After his untimely death when the maharani was ruling, she also focused on education.During the maharani's time, the total expenditure on education rose from Rs 8.25 lakh to Rs 11.5 lakh. Two special classes for training adult Hindu widows for the profession of teaching were opened at the Maharani's girls' school. Interestingly, it was during her reign that that building for students' hostels was constructed in Bangalore and Mysore at a cost of more than Rs 1 lakh. The Maharaja's College Hostel has retained its facade as the University of Mysore, its custodian, has ensured that the structure does not change its character when the building was extended. Now, as a new building complex is constructed in its vicinity, the original structure is preserved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "15092813", "title": "Union minister of external affairs Preneet Kaur meets party workers", "text": "PATIALA: Many prominent workers of the Congress Party from Dera Bassi assembly segment of her Patiala Parliamentary constituency called on union minister of external affairs Preneet Kaur, who is MP from Patiala, at her New Motibagh Residence here .The workers discussed at length the current political situation in the State, in general, and in Dera Bassi area , in particular. They also highlighted difficulties being faced by them on administrative as well as political front.The workers demanded that Preneet Kaur should herself lead the workers in Dera Bassi instead of nominating someone else to represent her as all said they have great faith in her.Union minister advised the workers to be proactive and participate in the programmes of the Congress party against the misrule of the SAD-BJP combine.\"We had a detailed meeting and deliberated upon all major issues of area. They have raised genuine points for the betterment of Dera bassi area and I would take decision in this connection at the earliest. \"she said after meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15085357", "title": "Station house officer, 3 others caught taking bribe in Pali &amp; Banswara districts", "text": "JAIPUR: Cracking a whip on corrupt officials in the state, the anti-corruption bureau (ACB) on Saturday caught red-handed a SHO, a junior engineer, an assistant engineer and an accountant taking bribe in Pali and Banswara districts. All the four officials were arrested and booked under sections of the Prevention of Corruption Act.According to IG ACB, assistant engineer Natwar Lal, junior engineer Magan Lal and accountant Sanjay Jain were arrested in Banswara's Kushalgarh village for taking bribe from a gram sevak identified as Harish Patidar.\"Harish had carried out construction work for Thumath Panchayat Samiti. He had approached the three employees of Kushalgarh municipality office to release the payment of Rs 5 lakh. The officials demanded Rs 35,000 as bribe to release the payment,\" Umesh Mishra said.\"While Rs 15000 was for the junior engineer, Rs 10,000 was to set aside for the assistant engineer. The accountant was to be paid Rs 5,000. The officials claimed that the remaining money had to be given to some officials of the Jila Parishad,\" said the officer.The ACB verified the complaint and laid a trap. \"Harish called the three officials to Thumath Panchayat Samiti office to collect the bribe. While the two engineers came and were caught red-handed taking the bribe money, the accountant came to know about the trap and tried to flee. He was later intercepted by a police team and placed under custody,\" said the officer.In another case, SHO of Anandpur police station in Pali district Hariom Kumar was caught taking a bribe of Rs 15,000 at his official residence on Saturday.\"Hariom had lodged a case against one Baldev Ram for preparing forged documents of a land's ownership. Baldev approached the ACB following which a trap was laid and Hariom was arrested,\" said the officer.The ACB teams are carrying out raids at various places belonging to accused officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15085749", "title": "Exodus of doctors is tragic: Akhilesh Yadav", "text": "LUCKNOW: In the last one year, Sanjay Gandhi Post Graduate Institute of medical sciences has lost six doctors to better salaries, higher posts and greener pastures for research. And new people aren't really willing to come. The skewed ratio between demand and supply has led to a shortage of hands in the institution. Statistics show that against 255 sanctioned posts, only 140 doctors are working.The matter drew chief minister Akhilesh Yadav's attention Saturday as he expressed deep concern over the exodus of doctors from apex medical institutes. \"We keep reading that Indian doctors have made a mark in their areas of expertise. Still, Indian hospitals go without doctors. This is tragic,\" he said addressing at the 17th convocation ceremony of Sanjay Gandhi Post Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences. As many as 83 students were awarded degrees and advanced degrees across various specialties.Chairman of the institution's governing body and chief secretary UP, Jawed Usmani also said that senior staff members leaving the institution mid-way is not in the interest of the institute. The two were of the opinion that immediate steps need to be taken to retain faculty members. As a part of the same, the state government increased the retirement age of doctors in apex institutes like SGPGI, from 62 to 65 years. But that, members of the faculty forum say, will help to a limited extent. \"Doctors who leave are somewhere in the 40s or 50s. We need to examine the reasons for their exodus,\" said one of them.The shortage of hands tends to affect patient care services significantly. And the challenge of providing quality services is getting bigger with each passing year considering the annual increase of 10% in the patient volume.Addressing the young passouts, dean, SGPGIMS, Prof UK Mishra said that a random survey on the reasons that motivated students to take up higher studies showed that only 38% of students were interested only for the pleasure of learning. The remaining wanted to make money and earn a higher position in the profession.Governor, BL Joshi who was the guest of honour for the occasion offered a solution to the problem. He called for striking a balance between the rich cultural heritage and modern day education while studying. \"It is only through such an attitude that the relevance of life could be experienced. The treatment system should be evolved as such that not only compassionate doctors are produced but public health systems are also strengthened,\" he said.The CM assured all possible help to aid services and research in the institution. \"Money will not be a constraint,\" he said. The chief minister lauded the institute for offering good treatment to the poor despite rising costs of medicines and other facilities. If SGPGI was not there many poor would have been deprived of quality treatment, he mused. He said a need for extension of the medical services was being felt and that many villages were going without doctors.He further said that in the state more medical institutes and medical colleges needed to be opened in the state.He also said that in many fields in medical science, we lag behind others. He hoped that in times to come, doctors of the SGPGI would continue to give their services to the well being of the common man.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15085401", "title": "Congress ready to go it alone in rural polls", "text": "KOLKATA: Reacting to Mamata Banerjee's announcement of snapping electoral ties with the Congress for the state panchayat elections, Pradesh Congress president Pradip Bhattacharya said his party was not afraid of Trinamool's \"fighting it alone\" policy.\"It is unfortunate that after fighting the state assembly together, Trinamool now wants to sever the ties. But we are not afraid. We are confident that Congress will do better in the panchayat elections even if it fights alone. We will show that electoral ties with Congress that helped Trinamool do a better result,\" Bhattacharya said.Bhattacharya alleged that Trinamool was toying with the aspirations of the people of the state. \"People wanted to see us together. We fought the assembly elections jointly. That helped Trinamool Congress come to power. Now they want to go it alone. This is simply breach of trust,\" he complained. Bhattacharya added that the state Congress leaders knew that the state government would hold the panchayat elections before its schedule. \"If they think that we will be in trouble because of this, we will prove them wrong,\" the state PCC president warned.However, Bhattacharya made it clear that the Congress ministers won't resign from the cabinet for now. \"We will wait for signals from our high command,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15085290", "title": "UCO Bank manager, assistant held for fraud", "text": "NAGPUR: Kanhan police on Saturday arrested manager of UCO Bank , Gondegaon branch, for allegedly defrauding the bank of Rs1.52 crores. The assistant manager of the bank too has been arrested. The police are now looking for a private agent in the case.The manager, Anand Padikar (49) was produced before the court along with assistant manager Shrikant Joshi by the police on Saturday. The court has remanded the duo to police custody till July 24.According to the police, private agent Prashant Borkar, named as an accused in the case, produced fake identification documents to get loans from the bank. With the help of Padikar and Joshi, Borkar had got a number of loans and schemes sanctioned between January and June this year.The bank had set up an internal audit and investigation committee after senior regional officials sensed foul play. Then they filed a police complaint. Senior inspector Ashok Bagul of Kanhan police station said that some amount has been recovered during the preliminary phase of investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15084572", "title": "Locals force Tasmac outlet to shut down", "text": "TRICHY: A number of people in Thiruvanaikoil protested the attempt to open a Tasmac sales outlet, attached with a government-approved bar in their midst on Saturday. Soon after the liquor outlet was opened, members of the locality forced the closure of the shop.In October last year, a local resident V Thamizh Selvi had sent a petition to the special officer in the CM's cell stating that no Tasmac outlet should be located at Nathaji Nagar in Thiruvanaikovil as it was buzzing with students most of the time. The petition had stated that since a large number of college and school students had to board their buses near the proposed Tasmac outlet, it should be shifted to some other place. Meanwhile, the district collector in a reply to Thamizh Selvi on October 19, 2011 had informed that there was no plan from the TASMAC management to open its outlet either in Nethaji Nagar or even in the nearby Royal Garden area. The letter also said that in case such an idea cropped up in future, the petition would be taken into consideration.Similarly, the district manager of Tasmac R P Ravindran in his reply dated November 5, 2011 to the special officer in the CM's Cell had said that there was no proposal to open a retail outlet of Tasmac at Nethaji Nagar and hence he contended that any action on the part of the cell was redundant.However, the outlet was opened on Saturday all of a sudden and liquor bottles had been transported to the shop. But as soon as the shop opened, the local people thronged it, forcing the managers to give up the idea. In deference to the public sentiment, the outlet was closed in the presence of local Tasmac supervisor Iyyappan and inspector Balasamy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15084982", "title": "Rs 25k cr Tejas won\u2019t be ready before 2015", "text": "NEW DELHI: At a time when the US is fast-developing hypersonic bombers capable of flying at 20 times the speed of sound, India's largely home-grown Tejas light combat aircraft will 'not be ready to go to war' anytime before 2015.The latest assessment of Tejas, which has now clocked close to 2,000 flights in its almost three-decade-long saga , holds the light-weight fighter will be capable of firing guns, rockets and BVR (beyond visual range) missiles as well as air-to-air refuelling only by 2015 at the earliest, say defence ministry sources. That is when the single-engine Tejas will become fully combat-ready after getting the final operational clearance (FOC). The review suggests that the fighter is again headed to miss a deadline. The project was started in 1983 to replace Mig 21s.So far, Tejas has achieved only initial operational clearance-I (IOC-I) to certify it's airworthiness. \"The IOC-II for the fighter, which also includes integration of some weapons like laser-guided bombs, was pushed back to December 2012. But now, it will only be possible by July, 2013, or so after over 200 more sorties. FOC will come only two years after that,'' said a source.India will eventually spend over Rs 25,000 crore in the entire Tejas programme, including the naval variant and trainer as well as the failed Kaveri engine, as reported by TOI. But more than the cost, it's the time taken to develop a fully-tested, weapons-ready fighter that underlines how critical defence projects should not be run.While it is true that developing a supersonic fly-by-wire fighter from scratch was never going to be easy, the entire project could have been managed much better. IAF, on its part, is supporting the fighter programme since it knows the country's need to have indigenous weapon systems is strategically critical.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15083968", "title": "\u2018Assembly can restore membership of MLAs\u2019", "text": "BHOPAL: Amid move to restore the assembly membership of two expelled Congress legislators, former Madhya Pradesh Vidhan Sabha Speaker Sriniwas Tiwari on Saturday said it was not legally or constitutionally wrong if the house takes a decision to revoke the termination of MLAs.\"The assembly is vested with enormous powers. The house can adopt a resolution to roll-back its previous decision even on the issue of termination of membership of the house\", the veteran Congress leader said in the state capital. Asked whether a special session of the assembly has to be convened to initiate such a move, the former speaker said, \"It was the right procedure\".Replying to a question, Tiwari said the expulsion of membership of Congress legislature party ( CLP) deputy leader Choudhary Rakesh Singh and another MLA Dr Kalpana Parulekar was unconstitutional and bad in the eyes of law as the principle of natural justice--of giving an opportunity to them to explain their conduct\u2014was not given to them before taking such an action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15086209", "title": "In Afghan war, everyone forgot about women's rights", "text": "As shots rang out, the woman fell with a thud. No cries for help or mercy, and no attempt to flee her fate. As a man pumped in more bullets, firing nine times at close range, her blue burkha became her shroud as she lay on the ground. More startling was the reaction of all who watched. Around 150 men of Najiba's village, just about 100 km from Kabul, cheered, shouted religious slogans and filmed the gruesome scene.While many worldwide have condemned the killing, the reaction has been one of acceptance; that this is not just how the Taliban operates, but how Afghanistan has been for centuries, and can't be changed. But nothing can be further from the truth, as in fact through much of the 20th century, until a series of foreign interventions, Afghanistan was changing, and women did have a better existence in the country.The first Afghan ruler to establish a recognised modern state was Emir Abdul Rahman Khan. During his rule (1881-1901) he abolished many anti-women laws, giving women property rights, divorce rights and ending the practice of forcing widows to marry their deceased husband's next of kin (called baad, like the Punjabi practise of 'chadar chadhana'). His wife, Bobo Jan, was the first Afghan queen to appear in public without a veil, and often served as a political mediator for him. His son who succeeded him, Amir Habibullah Khan , furthered his focus on women's rights, establishing the first school for girls.When Khan was assassinated in 1919, his son Amanullah drove an even more progressive agenda, giving Afghanistan its first constitution (1923) that enshrined equal rights for men and women. He married Soraya Tarzi, the daughter of Afghanistan's most respected moderniser, Mahmud Tarzi. In a dramatic moment recorded in history books, Amanullah once finished a public rally by announcing that Islam did not insist on the veil, and then Soraya removed hers on the stage, prompting other women in the audience to do the same. Amanullah's sister too founded a group for women's protection. Many of his reforms were pushed back by clerics and the Loya Jirga, and Amanullah was sent into exile, but Afghanistan's rulers continued down that path of women's empowerment for the next few decades. They were encouraged to get an education and go to work through the 1930s and 1940s. In 1964, women were granted the right to vote, and entered politics.As a result, by the 1970s, 40% of doctors, 70% of teachers and 30% of the civil service were women. The figures were true of Kabul more than the rural areas; even so, there was reason to hope. That hope was destroyed by the rivalry between the US and Soviet Russia, and the consequent role of Pakistan and Iran. Russia invaded Afghanistan and set up a communist regime in 1979, by which time the US had started to arm the mujahideen. The birth of the Taliban was as much a reaction to Soviet rule as it was part of US policy to, in the words of former US NSA Brzezinski, \"give Russia their Vietnam \". Instead, they both gave Afghan women their worst days.Unpopular reforms by the Soviets, forcing women out of veils and out of their homes for party meetings led to a conservative backlash that bolstered the Taliban. When the mujahideen drove the Russians out a decade later, and the Taliban seized power in 1996, women's rights were set back by more than a century. Much like they did this month, then too, the world watched in shocked but helpless horror as a woman was executed in full public view.According to Afghanistan's Independent Human Rights Commission , that's because the international community and the Karzai government have been so focused on the Nato pullout and reconciling with the Taliban, they've turned a blind eye to women. In the past four months, the AIHRC received reports of 52 honour killings and summary executions, up from 20 in the same period last year. Women leaders too are more threatened. This month, minister for women's affairs in Laghman province, Hanifa Safi, was assassinated, targeted for not wearing the veil. Presidential candidate for 2014, Fawzia Koofi has already survived several attempts by the Taliban to kill her. In her book The Favoured Daughter, she warns the international community against pulling out troops in 2014 or allowing the Taliban back into parliament, adding in an article, \"One of the biggest myths is that democracy was forced on Afghanistan by the west after 2001.\"The other big myth is that women's empowerment is also a new, western-inspired concept for Afghanistan. Guaranteeing the rights of women like Najiba, the silent victim in the execution video, shouldn't just be a goal for the international community; it is a duty.The writer is senior editor, CNN-IBN", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15085659", "title": "Cholera fear strikes Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: Even as a 60-year-old woman died of suspected cholera, a Chennai Corporation press release said 18 people were being treated at Kilpauk Medical College (KMC) and seven others at communicable diseases hospital (CDH) with diarrhoea.But data sourced by TOI from KMC revealed that since Wednesday, 60 people were admitted to KMC with complaints of loose stools, vomiting and dehydration. The hospital sent 10 people including four children to CDH. \"Of the four children, one has tested positive for cholera in a 'level one' test. Three others were clinically diagnosed as cases of suspected cholera,\" said KMC dean Dr P Ramakrishnan, who added that there is no reason for panic. The hospital has been receiving several patients from Chetpet, Ayanavaram and Perambur with symptoms of diarrhoea. \"We have referred 10 suspected cholera cases to CDH. We have asked Chennai Corporation and Metrowater for further action.\"On Saturday, Pulliamma, 60, who was staying in Osankulam housing board colony in Chetpet died at the Kilpauk Medical College (KMC) following complaints of diarrhea. A native of Andhra Pradesh , she was staying in a relative's house in Osankulam. KMC doctors said dehydration (a symptom of cholera) which led to renal failure caused her death. But Chennai Corporation officials denied the woman had died of cholera or acute diarrhoeal disorder.Cholera is caused by a bacterium called vibrio cholerae which spreads through water and food contaminated with fecal matter. \"We normally see white organisms that resemble rice floating in stools. That's the classical symptom of cholera,\" said a an infectious diseases expert. Most hospitals do a hanging drop test, where the stool is examined under the microscope. But organizations like WHO recommend a culture of fecal sample before it can be declared as an epidemic. Since the results of culture take at least two days, patients are treated for cholera -- administrated antibiotics and IV fluids -- if the preliminary test is positive. Corporation officials said they are waiting for culture results from King Institute, Guindy.TOI on Saturday visited some areas in Chetpet -- M S Nagar, Mangalapuram, Brindavanam, Jaganathapuram , Bhoopathy Nagar, Osankulam, Pulla Reddy Puram and Dhobhi Khana -- and found drinking water was contaminated. There were rows of large plastic containers outside houses in which people stored water. \"We get supply only thrice a week. Sometimes, it's coloured and smells bad,\" said S V Jagadeeshan, a resident of M S Nagar. Corporation officials said they are planning to conduct medical camps across the city. \"We've taken water samples from Chetpet to check the chlorine level. We've also made arrangements for water tankers for the affected areas. Nearly 45,000 chlorine tablets have been distributed and 540 people have been screened,\" said corporation deputy commissioner (health) Pooja Kulkarni.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15085439", "title": "Congress chief, Barmer MP defend chief minister on quota issue", "text": "JAIPUR: Chief minister Ashok Gehlot's supporters in the Jat community led by Barmer MP Harish Chaudhary launched a counter attack on Congress legislator Sonaram Chaudhary on the issue of other backward classes (OBC) category's quota issue.After meeting the Congress state president Chandrabhan in this regard here on Saturday, the ruling party's Lok Sabha MP told reporters that the Gehlot-government had no plans to tamper with the OBC list or its quota. A day earlier, legislator Sonaram alleged that the chief minister was preparing ground for harming the interests of Jats and other 'prominent' communities within the OBC category that gets 21% quota in government jobs and educational institutions.\"Some people are spreading canards to suit for their own interests. Neither the chief minister has plans to tamper with the OBC quota in anyway nor does the OBC commission has powers to grant or take away reservation,\" Chaudhary, the Barmer MP, said at the PCC headquarters.Congress chief Chandrabhan, too, said the party government had no intentions to hurt the interests of Jats as OBC members. \"Colonel (Sonaram) saab's apprehensions about Jats being expelled from the OBC or carving out a separate share for Gujjars from the OBC quota are baseless,\" Chandrabhan told reporters on Saturday.\"The OBC commission cannot allow or debar reservation to any community. The commission can only make its recommendations, which the government is not bound to accept,\" he said.The Congress president even stated that legislator Sonaram's constant statements against the chief minister tantamount to indiscipline. \"Senior party legislators time and again making anti-government statements do not send the right message among the masses,\" Chandrabhan said, adding that the party's state unit keeps updating the Congress central leadership on such legislators.Meanwhile, the Barmer MP as well as the Congress president gave a clean chit to OBC commission chairperson Justice (retd) I S Israni. Both the leaders said the chairperson never talked about considering a review of Jats' reservation as alleged by legislator Sonaram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15086756", "title": "Agro-cattle varsity to beset up in Kishanganj district", "text": "PATNA: CM Nitish Kumar on Saturday announced that an Agriculture cum Cattle University with all modern facilities would be set up at Pothia in Kishanganj district. He said in this university modern research institutions would be also opened for development of agriculture and animal husbandry. The CM was addressing a high-level meeting over the proposed university at his official residence.It may be mentioned here that during his Seva Yatra to Kishanganj on June 9, Nitish had inspected 400 acres of land in Pothia block and directed the officials of Bihar Agricultural University, Sabour, for setting up an Agriculture cum Cattle University there.The vice-chancellor of Bihar Agricultural University, Sabour, Mewalal Choudhary, told the CM that the land and water around the said place was tested and found suitable for agriculture. The land around the area is also suitable for flowers, vegetables, nursery and spices, the VC said.The state government has proposed to spend Rs 718 crore over five years for setting up the new university.Nitish also stressed the need for development of cattle, pisciculture and poultry in the said locality and directed the officials to make suitable arrangements to start such courses in the proposed university that successful students could get composite graduate degree in agriculture cum cattle. He also laid stress on the development of sericulture in the said area and said that his aim was to increase the income of people through industries based on agriculture.The meeting was also attended by agriculture minister Narendra Singh, chief secretary Navin Kumar, development commissioner A K Sinha, agriculture production commissioner Anjani Kumar Singh, agriculture secretary Dr N Vijay Laxmi and other officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15077849", "title": "Anushka's new look in Prabhas' Varadhi", "text": "Anushka Shetty is seen as a bride in the first look of her upcoming film that also stars Prabhas and Richa Gangopadhyay.While debutant Koratala Shiva will be directing this untitled love story, produced by V. Vamsi Krishna Reddy and Pramod Uppalapati, Devi Sri Prasad is composing the music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15093410", "title": "Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority installs noise barriers to IIT campus", "text": "MUMBAI: After a successful experiment of noise barriers to avoid noise pollution to Kalanagar residents along BKC road, the IIT-B students in Powai too are all set to enjoy more peaceful life as the work on installing 1500-meter long noise barriers is almost over.\"THis is where India's future propels, prospers and Mumbai IIT and its incumbents deserve peaceful environment for sure. The barriers will keep the IIT Campus away from the noisy hustle-bustle outside. We have already installed noise barriers in theBandra-Kurla Complex successfully. The decibel levels in BKC have come downfrom 98 to acceptable limits of 55 decibels. We hope same results here too\", said Dilip Kawathkar, JointProject Director (PR), Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA).The noise barriers installed from PowaiLake to the end of Mumbai IIT's boundary wall are three meters in height. The panels are made of pre-galvanised sheets and the structures are hot-dip galvanised to ensure longer life. The barriers are also painted keeping in mindthe aesthetics of the surroundings and are being mounted on the boundary's retaining wall of the IIT Campus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15084499", "title": "HC trashes 'misplaced genius' prisoner's plea", "text": "clearedMUMBAI: When the parole plea of Dularsingh Jarhade-a convict serving his imprisonment in Aurangabad Central prison- was rejected by the jail authorities, he hit upon an idea. Jarhade wrote a letter to the Bombay high court, saying prisoners should be treated on a par with government servants and they would be entitled to casual and sick leaves.A division bench of Justices A H Joshi and A V Nirgude marvelled at the prisoner's ingenuity, but threw out his petition saying it was an example of a genius \"misplaced\". \"The petitioner is far more ingenious, probably more than an advocate. Even an advocate may not find a point with more ingenuity with which he has thought and expressed,\" observed the judges.\"Had the petitioner been a lawyer with positive and constructive attitude, he would have rendered quite a good service to the law. The petitioner's intellect is a (case of) genius misplaced, misdirected, wasteful and rather perverted,\" the judges said.Dismissing the petition, the court ruled: \"There is no semblance whatsoever between a government/public servant and a prisoner.\"In January, Jarhade was released on 30 days furlough leave-which a petitioner is entitled to every year. A month after his return, in March, he sought parole leave and produced a doctor's certificate saying his daughter was unwell and he was required to care for her. When the authorities rejected his application, he wrote the letter to the high court claiming parity with government servants and that he had a right like them for casual and paid leave.The court said it went into a detailed analysis of the case to show the prisoner where he stands and drew up a chart explaining the differences.The court noted that while a government servant is recruited as per rules, a prisoner enters the jail after being convicted of an offence. A government servant is entitled to casual or medical leave as a matter of right, but prisoners are given concessions in the form of furlough and parole.\"There is nothing like parole or furlough applicable to free men,\" said the court.No medical leave is available to a prisoner as he gets medical treatment in prison. Government servants are not confined to jail premises, while prisoners' movements are. Finally, no blot or stigma is attached to a government servant who completes his service tenure. However, the tag of conviction and punishment remains attached to the prisoner even after the imprisonment is completed,\" remarked the court.The court said Jarhade's medical certificate itself was doubtful as it was signed by an anesthesiologist.Ruling that the prisoner does not deserve any indulgence, the court asked the prison superintendent to hand over a order copy to the prisoner \"as well as to interpret this order to him and to inform him to be reasonable and not to be vexatious in future\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15084782", "title": "BJP steps up attack on Bhujbal", "text": "MUMBAI: The BJP on Saturday stepped up its attack against state public works department (PWD) minister Chhagan Bhujbal over the new Maharashtra Sadan in Delhi. The party alleged that ghost firms formed by the minister, his family and friends were used to route kickbacks received in the deal.Bhujbal refuted the allegations and said he plans to take legal action for defamation. BJP national secretary Kirit Somaiya said the project for building Maharashtra Sadan---the state's official guesthouse in Delhi---on build, operate and transfer basis (BOT) basis, was part of a Rs 10,000-crore scam. He said it was plotted by Bhujbal with the help of the state government. \"The BJP had earlier labelled it as a Rs 100-cr scam. They later dubbed it as a Rs 1000-cr scam and now have further raised stakes. Fact is there is no scam at all,\" Bhujbal claimed.Somaiya claimed to be in possession of documentary evidence to suggest that a \"layer or web of bogus companies\" was used to route this illegal money. While claiming that Bhujbal and his associates had floated 300 benami firms, Somaiya provided details of 11 shareholder firms of \"loss-making\" Parvesh Constructions Private Ltd, co-owned by Bhujbal's son Pankaj, nephew Sameer, and son-in-law Jitendra Wagh, which, he claimed, were ghost companies. Sameer clarified, \"The allegations that the company is incurring losses are baseless. Also, all investors are genuine and independent entities.\"Somiaya also claimed that the Bhujbals had invested in mines and other businesses in Singapore and Indonesia. Sameer said, \"The Armstrong Energy Private Ltd has a power plant in Nashik. As part of its expansion plans, companies were incorporated in Singapore and Indonesia after obtaining permissions from the RBI. We are in the process of acquiring mines.\"As per a proposal cleared by the state government in 2006, contractor K S Chamankar will derive floating FSI to be utilized for a commercial-cum-residential project in Andheri in lieu of the construction of three buildings.Questioning the validity of permitting transfer of development rights for a Delhi-based project in Mumbai, Somaiya alleged that the contractor ended up being gifted 30 lakh square feet of saleable area to Chamankar, which, he claimed, translated into a market worth of Rs 10,000 crore at today's rates. \"The three buildings constructed by the contractor in lieu of the largesse did not collectively cost Rs 300 crore,\" he alleged. Bhujbal has contested these numbers and said that the total floating FSI awarded to the project was 4.30 lakh sq ft, which also involved construction of a transit shelter. Somaiaya alleged that Maharashtra Sadan was initially proposed as an independent project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15086244", "title": "Vigilance readies probe report in corp graft case", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The vigilance and anti-corruption bureau (VACB) is in the final stages of preparing the report on the enquiry it conducted into the allegations of corruption and mismanagement levelled against the former corporation council led by M Bhaskaran.Sources said the probe has found prima facie evidence to prove two of the 44 charges of corruption and mismanagement levelled by the Campaign Committee against Corruption against the former corporation.DySP Abdul Hameed, the investigating officer, has submitted the report to the vigilance and anti-corruption bureau SP. He is learnt to have returned the report to the DySP seeking clarifications on certain points. Vigilance will submit the report in the court after incorporating the clarifications.The vigilance enquiry commissioner and special judge had ordered the probe in December, 2011 after K P Vijayakumar, convener of the Campaign Committee against Corruption, filed a complaint in the court. The judge had asked vigilance to complete the probe within three months. The court then extended the deadline further following a request from vigilance officials.As many as 30 persons including former mayor M Bhaskaran, present deputy mayor P T Abdul Latheef, councillor C K Renuka Devi and former councillor Kanangott Haridasan, are the respondents in the petition.Besides, officials of the corporation, contractors and builders also figure in the complaint.The audit report of the local self-government department was the main weapon for the campaign committee and the UDF to attack the LDF-led corporation. While the UDF unleashed a campaign demanding the resignation of the deputy mayor, the LDF chose to defend itself by picking up holes in the audit report.The charges were related to the installation of air-condition facility at the council hall, recovery of arrears from the licensee of the night shelter at the bus stand, computerization of the corporation office, installation of street lights, solid waste management and running of Pain and Palliative Care Society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15093687", "title": "I don't do cheap work: Gulshan Grover", "text": "Bollywood's baddie Gulshan Grover is quite the good guy, especially when it comes to signing a film. Grover, who has made a mark in Bollywood as a villain and has acted in regional film industries as well, is all geared up to essay the role of a gay character in his next, Ban Gayi Baat.Gulshan apparently has one rule while signing a film - not to do \"cheap\" roles because he doesn't like to offend his audience. He says, \"I like doing family entertainers. Even Ban Gayi Baat is a family film. I don't believe in vulgarity. I don't do cheap work.\" Even while portraying his gay character, Gulshan has ensured that it's not derogatory. \"Unlike in Bollywood, homosexuals are respected in Hollywood. It's very different there. There's a street called Santa Monica Boulevard where clubs and boutiques cater to gays. You see handsome men walking hand-in-hand, shopping together; they're open about it. You can even tell who's the 'woman' in the relationship,\" he says.Gulshan prides himself in the fact that he isn't part of any \"double meaning\" film. He says, \"My film is not dirty and has no double meaning. I take pride in that fact. If my family can't watch it, how can I expect others to watch it?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15096322", "title": "Too early to jump to conclusion on Rahul Sharma issue: Bedi", "text": "KOLKATA: Former India captain Bishan Singh Bedi said one should not \"jump the gun\" and prosecute leg-spinner Rahul Sharma , who faces possible arrest after testing positive for consumption of drugs at a rave party in May.\"Let's not jump the gun and rather see what actually it is,\" the former Indian spinner said when asked if the Punjab bowler should be banned from cricket for his offence.\"What guarantee you have that you are not going into speculation,\" he added.The Mumbai police apprehended Rahul, who is now with the Indian team in Sri Lanka , along with South African cricketer Wayne Parnell from a rave party in a plush Juhu hotel on May 20.Meanwhile, Bedi also welcomed the BCCI's move to invite Pakistan for ODIs and T20 matches at the end of this year.\"It is good to restore the cricketing ties with our neighbour,\" he said. Bedi held excess of limited overs cricket primarily responsible for the dearth of spinners in India in recent times.On chances of Yuvraj Singh's return to the Indian team, Bedi said, \"If BCCI finds him fit to play for the country he is always welcome.\"The legendary spinner also said it was good to see India starting their new season with win over Sri-Lanka in the first ODI in Hambantota.Asked about Indian's chances in the upcoming Twenty20 World Cup in Sri Lanka, Bedi said: \"T20 is a lottery and no one can predict.\"Bedi also said that he was not aware if the Cricket Association of Bengal wanted to appoint him the state team's spin bowling coach.\"It is news for me,\" said Bedi, who was the chief guest of CAB's annual prize award distribution ceremony.Former India captain Sourav Ganguly had suggested at a CAB meeting that Bengal should have a specialist coach, especially for slow blowers after which Bedi's name came up for the post.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15084170", "title": "Mere ban on sale of paan masala &amp; gutka will not help: Experts", "text": "RANCHI: The proposed ban on sale of paan masala and gutka is likely to draw flak in the state, given the experiences of a ban on smoking in public places and sale of cigarettes to minors. Most of the residents believe that unless there is a ban on production, mere restriction on sale cannot bring out any difference.Health minister Hemlal Murmu directed his officials to initiate the process of ban on the sale of paan masala and gutka saying that the government was not concerned about the revenue such products may generate for the state at the cost of public health. \"We have to enact the laws and see that they are implemented stringently,\" he said. However when asked if the department could really check smoking on public places by pasting notices, the minister admitted lapses on the part of implementation. The department is also not sure of the fines that have been imposed on the defaulters for violating the norms.People addicted to chewing tobacco-related products like gutka and paan masala claim that a sudden ban is not going to serve the purpose. \"I have been chewing a particular costly brand of paan masala for the past eight years and I have not noticed any problem till date,\" said Ajay Jain, a businessman who believes that in case paan masala is not available in Ranchi market he would have to get them from other states through his clients.Betel shop owners find this ban as an opportunity for black marketers to become active. Satish Vijayvargiya, who owns a shop near Main Road here, said when there was restriction on polythene packing of paan masala and gutka sachets the only difference they noticed was the sudden scarcity of the product and the hawkers demanding double to treble the price for the same sachet of gutka. \"If the government wants to check people's habit, they must ban the manufacture of the stuff instead of restricting the sale,\" he added. A recent report released by the registrar general and census commissioner based on annual health survey has put Jharkhand in the fourth place of the country in terms of chewing of tobacco by the people aged above 15 years. While Odisha tops the list with 38% tobacco chewers, Jharkhand has 24.1% populsation in that category. Two other states are Assam with 36.6% and Chhattisgarh with 32.5% people in that category.Doctors believe that when it comes to quitting an addiction a simple ban is not going to solve the problem. \"Every addiction requires a given time for the patient to come out of it and tobacco chewing being no exception,\" said Dr Ranjan, a Ranchi-based dentist who has been advising several tobacco chewers. Doctors say somebody addicted to tobacco chewing will be ready to buy the stuff in black if it is available in the market.Anti-tobacco activists say under the Food Safety and Standards (Prohibition and Restriction on Sales) Regulations 2011, not just sale but manufacture is also banned. But in case the product is imported from other states where there is no such ban in place, the real problem emerges. \"This matter should be effectively handled by the Union government by putting a blanket ban on manufacture of tobacco products, paan masala and gutka,\" said Mahendra Kumar Raj, an anti-tobacco activist in the capital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15085363", "title": "Class-VII kids drink alcohol in school", "text": "KOLKATA: Four Class-VII students of a high school in Agarpara in North 24 parganas fell ill after allegedly consuming alcohol in school on Saturday. they allegedly consumed alcohol in the school on Saturday afternoon.They were admitted to hospital and one among them was reported to be critical. while one of them was stated to be critical.The four students had brought two bottles filled with liquor in their school bag, alleged sources. During the tiffin period, they sneaked out the bottles and drank the liquor. It was after some time that they complained of stomach ache and vomiting. At the tiffin perioid they drank it at a corner of the school premises and soon they were feeling unwell. They also complained of vomiting and acute pain in their stomach.Suspecting something was wrong the other students informedThe headmaster was informed and the . The four students were rushed to the Atratran primary health centre. where they were admitted. One of them was later shifted to the Kamarhati Sagar Dutta Hospital after his condition dateriorated.\"Stern action will be taken against them once they are discharged from the hospital. We have come to know that the four boys consumed alcohol in the school and fell ill. A stern action will be taken against them after they would be discharged from the hospital and we will speak to them.We are also probing whether they drank spurious liqour,\" a senior official of the school said.A pesticide manufacturing unit was completely gutted after a major fire broke out in the factory at Bandipur near Khardah in North 24 Parganas on Saturday evening. Eight fire engines were pressed into the service to douse the flame. No one was however injured in the fire and the exent of the damage is yet to be ascertained. Police said the fire broke out around 6.30 p.m. when the factory works was going on. Soon after the fire breaking out the workers rushed out the factory and informed the fire brigade which broght the blaze under control within three hours. Police suspect an electrical short circuit to be the cause of the fire. The fire officials are however investigating the exact cause of the fire and whether the factory was run illegaly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15085086", "title": "DGCA needs more teeth: Ajit Singh", "text": "CHENNAI: The director general of civil aviation is \"clearly short of control\" and has to be provided more regulatory powers, said civil aviation minister Ajit Singh . He was speaking at the passing out parade of the first batch of assistant sub-inspectors of the Central Industrial Security Force at the Regional Training Centre, Arakkonam.He said the removal of Bharat Bhushan as the DGCA was a \"purely administrative action\", which has nothing to do with his stand on Kingfisher Airlines.He said the DGCA had in fact recommended replacing Bharat Bhushan and the transfer took place now because he was holding an additional post which the DGCA found on appraisal.The minister said the Union cabinet will, in ten days, look into the issue of compensation to be paid by Boeing to AI for the delay in delivery of Dreamliners. \"We have to take comments from every ministry. Some have not given it, some have raised some questions,\" Singh said. As soon as the matter is cleared by the cabinet committee on economic affairs, three Boeing 787 Dreamliner planes will be ready for delivery.The minister lauded the role played by CISF at Indian airports and underlined the importance of its recruitment training centers (RTC) such as the one in Arakkonam near Chennai which has lived up to the CISF motto 'protection and security.'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15091793", "title": "Manchu Manoj\u2019s UKUP carrying positive buzz", "text": "The pre-release buzz of Manchu Manoj''s forthcoming film \"Uu Kodathara Ulikki Padathara\" has been very positive. The movie has been carrying great reports across the film circles and these are rising the expectations whilst boosting the makers morale.Apprently, UKUP was recently screened to the distributors in Chennai and they were thrilled to see such an output. It seems Nandamuri Natasimham Balakrishna and Manchu Manoj excelled in their roles and the second half of the film will be the highlight.Manchu Manoj thanked the distributors for their positive response. \"Most of the distributors saw #UKUP today:) awesome report and they r more kicked :) they wanna increase more theatres:) GOD Bless:)) (sic)\", Manoj posted. This has prompted the makers to increase the number of prints and screens in various areas.The latest to appreciate is SS Rajamouli. The director has personally called Manoj and congratulated him saying that the the trailer was one of the best he has seen in the recent times.Uu Kodathara Ulikki Padathara is directed by Sekhar Raja and produced by Manchu Lakshmi under Manchu Entertainment banner. Bobo Sashi is composing music for the film, which is all set for release on July 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "kolar", "code": "15084847", "title": "Harassed, man ends life", "text": "KOLAR: Enraged over the harassment meted out to him by colleagues, Girish (36) committed suicide by hanging himself in his in-laws' house at Vemagal on Saturday morning.Girish, a native of Kolar, was working as sales executive with an automobile company in Bangalore. The deceased left behind a note, naming three of his collegues -- Rajendra, Subramani and Satish. He said they have been harassing him for various reasons.K Sonnappa, sub inspector, Vemagal, told STOI that Girish has been working with the company for a couple of years. He said the death note stated that three colleagues have been harassing him.The sub inspector said, \"Preliminary investigations suggest there must be some misappropriations of funds by Girish. Hence, altercations might have taken place between him and those named in the suicide note.\"Girish arrived at his in-laws' house on Friday evening and committed suicide on Saturday morning. Sonnappa said, Vemagal police have taken up a case and are further investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15084161", "title": "Rakhis made on cartoon characters woo buyers", "text": "RANCHI: Handmade rakhis are the most favourite this season. Be it stone studded or sea-shell embedded, handmade rakhis are being sought after by girls to tie on their brothers' wrist this Raksha Bandhan on August 2.Trisha, a teenager who is buying a rakhi, said, \"Handmade rachis, even though they are costlier, have more perfection in them.\"Special rakhis are available for all age groups in the market. For children, rakhis based on cartoon characters are available and most of which are available with toys. \"We have rakhis based on Mario, Chhota Bheem, Winnie the Pooh and other cartoon characters. The latest introduction this year is the rakhi based on angry birds which is very popular among kids as well as youth. The kids' rakhis are available from Rs 5 to Rs 200\" said Ravi, a rakhi seller at Uppar Bazaar.The thin stone-studded rakhis ranging from Rs150 to Rs 300 are the most popular among the middle-aged women. \"The stone-studded rakhis look beautiful as well as mature,\" said Madhuri (37). \"This rakhi will really suit my brother's wrist.\"The lumba-rakhi set, a traditional rakhi for both brother and sister-in-law which is popular among Marwari families, are also available in the market in various designs and colours ranging from Rs 100 to Rs 599. Manoj, a rakhi seller said, \"We have lumbas studded with stones, sea shells and mirrors. In the set, both lumba and rakhi are of the same colour, and the dangles of lumba are of various sizes from small to big but the big ones are more popular.\"Pooja thali sets are also available in the market. Nihaal, a shopkeeper said, \"The thali includes everything from rakhi to rice and coconut and is available in the range of Rs 175 to Rs 300.\"These thalis are more popular among those girls whose brothers stay away from home. Supriya, a student of Women's College, said, \"My brother lives in Bangalore and I don't like sending him a plain rakhi so I will be sending a thali set to him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15093521", "title": "Aman\u2019s not-so-good culinary skills", "text": "Recently we reported how Aman Verma is all set to be busy again. The actor is back with his show, Khul Ja Sim Sim, by the end of August. The show will be aired on a channel in North India. \"I don't mind. I am happy to be doing this show again,\" he said.And now, he will have another feather in his cap after testing his culinary skills. Most men in our society may feel that cooking is a difficult task that only the ladies of the house can handle. However, Aman has something else in mind. \"My cooking skills are restricted to frying an omelet. That's it. Apart from this I am completely unaware of any other things related to cooking. According to me, it's necessary to know how to cook if you need to survive. For me it is not that important and I can lead my life without knowing how to cook.\"So what's his way out for a sumptuous and delicious lunch? \"I have a cook at home who cooks for me according to my wish,\" says the actor. \"I have appointed a person for cooking, someone who drives me around. This helps me concentrate on the more important things in life.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15084412", "title": "Need to integrate Naxals with society, says Congress leader", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Efforts should be made to bring Naxals in the mainstream of the society and they should be provided opportunities for employment, education and food so that they shun the path of violence, said senior Congress leader Satya Prakash Malviya while addressing a meeting of party workers on Saturday.Stating that Naxals should also hold dialogue with the government, Malviya said he would take up the issue with the Union home minister.To stop the march of fascist forces, Congress workers should take the policies of the Central government to every village and strengthen the party in UP and Bihar, he added.The Congress leader said the Central ministers should visit every district and spend time with the local leaders and workers in order to boost their morale because they are the backbone of party.He also welcomed the decision of AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi to play a bigger role in the party. There is no future for regional parties in the country and only two party system should be promoted which would play a major role in the development and progress of the country, said Malviya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15096422", "title": "Revellers stay home as night spots shut early", "text": "GUWAHATI: A fortnight after the July 9 G S Road molestation case, people are still coming to terms with the shocking incident that shamed the city. Police, who have come under severe criticism, are now trying to impose law and order on the city streets by increasing night patrolling.Meanwhile, with bars and liquor shops closing strictly at 10pm, nocturnal revelers have no option but to stay home after dark and watering holes across the state capital are facing tremendous losses with limited visitors. Vikram, a party reveler here said, \"It has become very risky to visit the bars here these days. None of my friends are willing to go in pubs even. So we chose to go for room parties.\" Guwahati has 127 hotels, restaurants and bars that serve liquor. An RTI report claimed by Team Anna member Akhil Gogoi said there are 182 liquor shops within a stretch of 3km on the Ulubari-Ganeshguri of G S Road.\"Night patrolling has been beefed up especially in and around bars and pubs. The effect of the G S road incident is clearly visible on the city's night life with very few revelers stepping out. However, the challenge for the police will come only after normalcy returns to the city and people are back in their elements,\" said a senior police officer.The Special Investigation Team (SIT) tracking the culprits of the molestation case has also sought more women constables to accompany the night patrolling teams. \"With such limited force, it is difficult to cover the whole city. We have called for more women police. Hopefully, the department will look into it soon,\" said a SIT official. The shortage of manpower has turned out to be a major problem for the police in maintaining law and order and checking crimes. According to police data, more than 17,300 cases are pending in the police stations of the city.The SIT is yet to track the main culprit Amar Jyoti Kalita, who is believed to be moving from one state to another, to escape arrest. Meanwhile, the city police have also been asked to beef up vigilance throughout the day to keep a check on any militant activity before Ulfa's 'martyrs' day' on July 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15086524", "title": "Tangled up in blues", "text": "The UPA, faced with a slowing economy and growing charges of graft and inefficiency, is in pause mode. But is the BJP, the main opposition party with Delhi ambitions, ready to take off? Unable to overcome leadership battles, aggressive regional bosses and pushy allies, it is clearly floundering in spectacular inactionThis weekend, presidential nominee Pranab Mukherjee's handsome win gave the Congress leadership an occasion to raise a toast. But the warm glow may dissipate swiftly unless more vigorous action follows with inflation, corruption scandals and loss of political imagination threatening to subsume the ruling coalition.A few tactical victories apart, UPA has looked distinctly jaded. The Sonia Gandhi-Manmohan Singh jodi that pulled off a commendable electoral victory just over three years ago has lost its mojo. Singh's elan as a reformer has waned and Congress heir apparent Rahul Gandhi is just beginning to grasp the reins.The political scene could not be more propitious for the BJP-led NDA. As principal challenger, BJP ought to be best placed to harness the disenchantment with UPA. All the more as the Third Front idea has abated, with Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh's trapeze acts during the presidential election eroding the proposition's credibility.Yet, BJP hardly seems in shape to pick the ball a stalling UPA has dropped with successive controversies ensnaring the party. Just three recent episodes \u2014 the presidential election, a change of CM in Karnataka and a party conclave in Mumbai \u2014 underscore BJP's preoccupation with leadership battles, aggressive regional bosses and pushy allies.B S Yeddyurappa, BJP's face in Karnataka and a powerful leader commanding the support of a key caste, prodded the leadership into removing incumbent CM Sadanand Gowda in yet another show of political muscle. The party was contemplating such a move, but the change underlines Yeddyurappa's ability to bend the central leadership.Before the Karnataka drama, BJP found itself facing an adamant Bihar CM Nitish Kumar, who embarrassingly backed UPA's Pranab Mukherjee for president, escalating differences with the saffron party. The ally has been considering the possibility of breaking with BJP and going it alone in the 2014 election, a prospect that will drastically shrink the NDA.Kumar is back with NDA for the vice-presidential election, but his dissent points to a deeper fault line, one dividing not just the alliance but BJP too. The Bihar strongman is clear he will not countenance Gujarat CM Narendra Modi being projected as PM. But Modi is a polarizing force within his party too as was evident at BJP's deliberations in Mumbai in May where he insisted on the purge of his long-term critic Sanjay Joshi. Apart from Modi's tantrums, the absence of party veteran L K Advani and leader of the opposition Sushma Swaraj at the concluding rally only confirmed fierce rivalries.For a party that stunned itself by racing from the margins to pole position in the '90s, BJP seems to be perennially caught in a squall of controversies arising from factionalism and the greed of its leaders. Reports of corruption among its leaders have prevented it from fully capitalizing on UPA's poor integrity quotient while the party's political messaging lacks the consistency and sparkle that can convince the silent majority that BJP can rule again.BJP's traditional handicap \u2014 limited geographical and social reach \u2014 looks more pronounced now that the Hindutva fervor of the '90s has abated and the novelty factor waned. Slogans like \"party with a difference\" raise mirthless smiles. The party also does not have a leader like Atal Bihari Vajpayee who helped build bridges with unlikely allies. Rather, an unending power struggle has kept the party in the news for all the wrong reasons, distracting attention from Congress's shortcomings, including Sonia Gandhi's problems in projecting a prime ministerial candidate.Leaders like Sushma Swaraj and her Lok Sabha counterpart Arun Jaitley have found it hard to pull along. Nitin Gadkari faces the hostility of some party seniors while a few short-sighted initiatives gave rivals a stick to beat him with. M Venkaiah Naidu , Rajnath Singh , M M Joshi and Ananth Kumar , too, are jostling for space. Advani is in a deep sulk as his formulations are often not acceptable to Gadkari.The dissipation of the appeal of both ideology and a leader has encouraged satrapies in a party where powerful chieftains have been able to dictate terms to an effete central leadership. While apologists try to rationalize the dwarfing of the so-called high command by arguing the party is giving space to local leaders, there is no mistaking how Modi and Yedyurappa have made the leadership bend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15084952", "title": "When all is lost, there is Dr Shashikant Ramteke", "text": "If the adage 'It is a kingly act to assist the fallen' is taken at face value, Dr Shashikant Ramteke would be a great king indeed. A psychotherapist of geriatric conditions, Ramteke has extended commendable service towards humanity. Ramteke provides shelter to people who have been rendered homeless by their own families, because of either old age or mental disorders.Ramteke houses his patients in his NGO called Vijaya Parivar, located at Hudkeshwar Naka in Neelkanth Nagar, in the outskirts of the city. It is a small home for all those people whose families are unwilling to take care of them. Ramteke provides a clean and homely environment to all, as he believes that no person should be forced to live, or die, while surrounded by filth.Many of Ramteke's patients are incapable of doing their daily chores. Ramteke said, \"I had always wanted to serve the destitute. When I completed my studies, I went to Baba Amte's ashram, but I returned disappointed. I wished to serve people but I was not offered a place there.\"The 44-year-old doctor, in a 15-decade of service, has treated and given a home to 144 deprived patients. These patients had come to him in the most critical stage of their illness, and he made them feel so much at home that they recovered significantly and stayed with him till the end. Any family who leaves its member with him has to pay a sum of Rs6,000 as the monthly charge of the patient's food and medicine.Though it is difficult to manage expenses, a sense of duty in him makes him continue despite all odds. Today, he has 10 patients who live with him. Most of them are senior citizens who are bedridden and can't do a thing on their own.\"Some have to be fed with a spoon. They can become impulsive at any time and so I have to be with them all round the clock. I have no schedule of my own. Night has not meant sleep to me for the last 15 years,\" says Ramteke.Anjali Saraf, a 44-year-old psychiatric patient under Ramteke's care, had done her masters in social work. But due to family problems she burned herself and then started suffering from mental ailments. Ramteke said, \"She stops taking food for three months continuously during this time. Even last year, she ate nothing for three months and then suddenly started eating too much.\"Another patient Mangala Gore is suffering from behavioural disorders. She was an attendant at the Nagrik hospital but now has to be kept chained up because of her destructive mentality. \"If she is kept loose, she runs about in the house and tears all the hanging clothes,\" said the doctor.Another patient, who suffered from gastroenteritis a few years back, was rejected from a well-known hospital of the city. The doctor there said that he was suffering from cancer and must go to Mumbai for treatment. He could not even get up from his bed. His family dropped him off at Ramteke's NGO. Today after almost three years, he is capable enough to do his daily chores and is taking proper meals without any stomach disorder.Anil Waddekar, a patient suffering from schizophrenia has come all along from Mumbai. He repeats one action many times and becomes stubborn at times. He is a patient of the mental hospital in the city.Ramteke says that most of his patients are insomniacs and need medication twice a day. \"Their routine and food has to be exceptionally taken care of. They can never be left alone. I only have a younger brother who assists me in my work. I have no servants or other helpers. My wife cooks for all of them,\" says the doctor.\"All I want to say is that I feel satisfied because of I am of help to those whom no other helps. I don't belong to their creed or caste and yet, they are my family. I am here for them now, and I shall be there for their last rituals,\" concluded the doctor.(With inputs from Anurag Mundhada)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15094544", "title": "MoU with Cincinnati will help Mysore", "text": "MYSORE: Mysore city which has been adjudged as the second best city in the country is now going to boost it's techniques of civic management with the help of it's counterparts at Cincinnati in USA.According to Mysore MP AH Vishwanath who has signed a MoU with the Mayor of Cincinnati last week on behalf of MCC and government of India, the relationship is going to help the Mysore civic authorities in streamlining the drinking water supply and in managing the solid waste .Talking to TOI, he said Cincinnati has been adjudged as the best city in USA as far as solid waste management and drinking water issues are concerned and this MoU and relationship between the civic authorities of two cities will benefit the Mysore more than Cincinnati.\"On the basis of this friendly relationship and in accordance with the principles of equality and mutual benefit , extensive exchanges and co-operative ventures in such fields as economic development and trade , science and technology, the environment, culture and arts , education, health , sports , tourism , urban development and city management prosperity and development of the two cities will be achieved\" he claimed, expressing his unhappiness over the failure of MCC officials to respond to the Cincinnati authorities who were yearning to enter into a MOU long back.\"For the last two years Cincinnati mayor is corresponding with the MCC officials, but for the reasons best known to them , the MCC authorities failed to respond\" he pointed out adding that now this MoU has a seal of authenticity from union government as ambassador to USA Nirupama Rao is also witness to the treaty.Vishwanath said as a first step in carrying forward and before making this MoU a result oriented agreement he has invited the Mayor of Cincinnati for Dasara celebrations. \" At that time we can discuss more issues in detail before going ahead with the projects , especially in the field of solid waste management the disposal of which is turning to be a monstrous task for the civic authorities in the recent past\" he added.Vishwanath said this happened because of the keen interest evinced by Kannadigas who have gone and settled in this city. \"Mysore is the eighth city in the world to have such a MoU with Cincinnati\" he disclosed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15086805", "title": "Farmers suffer in absence of maize procurement centres", "text": "PATNA: The Food Corporation of India (FCI) has not yet communicated to the state government about opening maize procurement centres despite the central government fixing the minimum support price of Rs 1,175 per quintal for its purchase.With the Centre fixing the minimum support price for procurement of maize, it was expected of the FCI to submit a proposal to Bihar government for the purchase of maize through procurement centres.A glut in production of maize had created problems for the farmers, forcing them to sell it, and in the process they are falling prey to the middlemen selling it to them at Rs 780 to Rs 850 per quintal, said a BJP MLC, Satyendra Narayan Kushwaha, who has also written to CM Nitish Kumar alleging that the FCI and the NAFED were hand in glove with the middlemen and do not seem to be interested in opening of maize purchase procurement centres in the state.In 2011-12, there was a record production of 21.11 lakh metric tonne (MT) of maize which had exceeded the maize production of 17.59 lakh MT in 2010-11. The maize yield had also increased from 2,725 MT per hectare in 2010-11 to 3,025 MT in 2011-12.As the FCI did not approach the state government, principal secretary, food and consumer protection, Shishir Sinha, had a telephonic conversation with the FCI officials here to know whether the maize procurement centre is to be opened in Bihar. Sinha told TOI that as no concrete reply was forthcoming from the FCI, he was going to send a written communication in this regard to them.Sinha said normally, in consultation with the FCI, the state government itself purchases the other grains like rice and wheat directly from the farmers through purchase centres approved by the FCI and, later, supply the same to the FCI getting reimbursement of the money spent on it. A similar procurement process for maize can be made, he said.Maize is not a staple food in Bihar. Quality maize is grown thrice in a year, particularly in the districts in the Kosi region - Khagaria, Saharsa, Purnia, Madhepura, Katihar, Kishanganj and Muzafarpur - during autumn and in rabi and kharif seasons. Due to its good production, maize is always a surplus produce in the state and for the farmers of Kosi region it is a virtually a cash crop.Maize is purchased by the middlemen for export to some neighbouring countries, including Bangladesh where it is part of the food habit of the people and to southern states in India, including Andhra Pradesh where it is used for food processing and production of animal and cattle feed.The monsoon rain always poses problems to maize growers as due to lack of storage facility there are chances of the maize getting germinated forcing them to make a distress sale. The middlemen use the opportunity to purchase the maize at a low price and sell them at a high price by exporting them, said agriculture experts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15087058", "title": "Jundal in cop custody, will be made to face Kasab", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after the state Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS) was granted the custody of Zabihuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal , the key 26/11 plotter was brought to the city on Saturday and produced before an additional chief metropolitan magistrate. The judge remanded Jundal in the crime branch's custody for ten days after the police sought his custody for two weeks saying they wanted to confront him with convicted Pakistani terrorist Ajmal Kasab .Jundal, who belongs to Beed , was deported from Saudi Arabia on June 21 and booked in an arms haul case by the Delhi police. He was brought to the Esplanade court at 11.40am clad in a kurta-pyjama , his face covered with a black cloth. The cops removed the shroud to reveal his face to judge S D Rathor . Jundal, who was brought barefoot like all other accused, looked calm and relaxed. Special public prosecutor Ujjwal Nikam began his arguments in the court pointing out that Jundal was one of the key 26/11 conspirators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "perambalur", "code": "15086375", "title": "3 teachers held for assaulting 14-yr-old boy in Perambalur", "text": "PERAMBALUR: Three teachers of a private school at Perambalur in central Tamil Nadu were arrested on Saturday for allegedly beating up a Class 9 boy and hurling invectives at him. The 14-year-old alleged that the teachers threatened to make him drink his urine when he peed while being beaten up, and said he even attempted to drink urine in the hope that they would let him go.The school administration placed the teachers R Raja, M Karuppaiah and S Sakthivel under suspension based on the recommendation of Perambalur chief educational officer K G Mallika.The violence in the hostel of the Little Flower Higher Secondary School at Agaram Sigoor on Thursday came to light when the boy escaped from there the next day and reached a government hospital in Kumbakonam, his hometown in Thanjavur district, where his father, a daily wage labourer, was undergoing treatment. The boy was admitted to the hospital with injuries on his back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15091774", "title": "Two arrested for threatening", "text": "MUMBAI: Two persons from Dhule including an aspirant for the police sub inspector job who threatened and harassed an official of Maharashtra Lokseva Ayog were arrested by the Byculla police on Sunday. Maharashtra Public Service Commission (MPSC) is the state government's departmental recruitment services.The arrested Pramod Ramesh Patil (41) and his associate Vikas Manju Choudhary (32) have been remanded to judicial custody till July 24. While Patil is a resident of Worli, Choudhary hails from Sindkhed in Dhule.The complaint in the case was filed by Sunil Athavle, the under secretary of (MPSC). Athavle is a resident of Kharghar and since past few days he had been receiving anonymous threatening calls. Initially Athavle ignored it but when the calls continued, he lodged a police complaint.Athavle received the first call in June. The caller always used to keep constantly changing his name. On one or two occasions he identified himself as Vikas Sonawane and said that he would visit his office next morning and kill him. He also said he would end his life after killing Athavle,'' said an officer.Athavle in his complaint alleged that in the first week of July the caller said that he was one of the candidates who had appeared for Maharashtra Public Service Commission exams for the post of police sub inspector and Athavle has allegedly cheated him and many others promising them appointment letters. Athavle said he had no idea what the caller was talking and hence he decided to call him to his office at Mazgaon. On July 17 when two persons walked in Athavle's office to meet him and the police arrested them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15085288", "title": "Three of family drown in Mondarmoni", "text": "KOLKATA: Three members of a family, including two schoolgirls, from Barasat in North 24-Parganas drowned in the Mondarmoni beach on Saturday afternoon.Police identified the victims as Sheli Paul, 55, her daughter Ankita Paul, 14, a Class-VII student and niece Priyanka Ghosh, 18, a Class-XI student.They were part of a group of 15 - all from the Paul family and their relatives - who had gone to the East Midnapore beach village on Saturday. Around 12.30pm, five of them went to take a bath in the sea. Sheli, Ankita and Priyanka were swept away in the high tide. The others could see them wave their hands frantically for help and dived in to rescue them but the current pulled them in. The family sent an SOS to police. Divers found the bodies a few hours later.The victims lived in Prasadpur area near rail gate No 11 in Barasat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15084318", "title": "IIT Kanpur campus comes alive with newcomers", "text": "KANPUR: The new academic session is to commence at IIT-K from July 30. From Saturday, students and their parents had started reaching the institute. The orientation programme for the new students would be held on Monday.The newcomers had a mixed feeling of joy and sorrow. Some of them were excited to be in the top engineering institute. Others were sad as they will be missing the parents. Those who had stayed in hostel previously were a relaxed lot.The parents and the students purchased bicycles and other articles of daily use like mattress, pillows, buckets and mugs. Many of them were witnessed moving inside the IIT campus on the new bicycles. The students were told that bicycles would be the only mode of transportation within the campus.The hostels and the rooms were also allotted to the students on the first day. The students and the parents saw the campus. Many of them appreciated its pollution-free ambience.Three students will stay in one hostel room. Many newcomers were seen meeting the room mates. The students also saw the mess. The parents seemed to be convinced that their ward had reached one of the best engineering institute.Father of Deepesh was extremely happy to be accompanying his son on the campus. His mother said that her son had secured 1253 AIR in JEE and has opted bio-engineering and biological sciences. They belong to Bangalore. Deepesh said that he and his parents liked the campus very much.Srikant's parents were also accompanying him. He had taken admission in mechanical engineering. His father T V Raman said that they had travelled all the way from Visakhapatnam. They later went to purchase a bicycle being sold on the campus.Another student Moinuddin was seen strolling on the campus. He said that he had come with his father from Andhra Pradesh. He would be studying mechanical engineering. This lad had achieved 870 AIR in JEE and said that he wishes to become a researcher. He said that sitting too long on social networking sites is a waste of time and using Facebook by the students for a long time can prove to be harmful.Pradeep Kumar from Rajasthan has taken admission in electrical engineering. He was also busy buying in making purchases with his parents. Ravi Kumar, who had come from Bihar with his parents, had 1069 AIR in JEE. He would study computer science.Deepak Kumar from West Bengal had selected civil engineering. He was busy in purchasing articles of daily use.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "new delhi/mumbai", "code": "15086159", "title": "Maharashtra turf wars at root of Cong-NCP friction", "text": "NEW DELHI/MUMBAI: Maharashtra-related spats seem to be at the root of the latest showdown between the Congress and the NCP with the state outfit targeting chief minister Prithviraj Chavan for what its feels are a series of actions, including decisions related to graft allegations, which have hurt its interests.NCP chief Sharad Pawar's discomfort with Chavan has grown with the CM not being as mindful of the Maratha strongman as his Congress predecessors. A white paper on irrigation projects following allegations of a scam involving NCP minister Sunil Tatkare further fuelled the feud.The focus of the spat shifted firmly to Mumbai with NCP leaders attacking Chavan and demanding a coordination committee for state matters and Pawar's threat to withdraw from the Centre seem to indicate his resentment over being \"belittled\" by Congress on his home turf.Cong feels Pawar using tiff to pressure govt for his demandsThe Congress is not according NCP chief Sharad Pawar the deference he has come to expect, NCP leaders said, explaining the spat between the two parties. \"In the past, CMs would make it a point to call on him and give him the respect due to a tall leader,\" sources said.Congress sources read political overtones in the coordination panel pitch, saying meetings between Maharashtra CM Prithviraj Chavan and deputy CM Ajit Pawar tend to be uneventful affairs and there was no significant build-up for the demand.When asked about the CM's comment that his equations with state NCP leaders were good, heavy industries minster Praful Patel said, \"Individuals were not discussed. We want effective coordination.\"Chavan has pointedly distanced himself from the NCP on issues like inauguration of a refurbished Maharashtra Sadan in the wake of allegations that family members of public works development (PWD) minister Chhagan Bhujbal , a senior NCP leader, benefitted from inflated costs.Congress sources feel Chavan can be more accommodative towards Pawar, but while this sore spot can be remedied, reining in inquiries into alleged irregularities by NCP ministers is another matter.Reacting to the NCP's grouse, Congress leaders said shielding the partner after former BJP MP Kirit Somaiyya went public with allegations against Bhujbal and Tatkare was not possible.Returning fire, Congress sources feel Pawar is shrewdly leveraging his unhappiness with the CM to pressure the Centre on demands ranging from a say in governorships, appointments to various boards, a ministerial perch for daughter Supriya while invoking the coalition mantra. He is also seen to be pitching for a say in Rajya Sabha nominations.The Congress sees Pawar's actions as a signal for difficult allies like SP and TMC to keep the heat on the Centre as brinksmanship would be seen to pay off.The NCP supremo is also believed to be concerned with the situation within his party, as nephew Ajit Pawar is consolidating his position and has demonstrated a certain clout with legislators. The political future of his daughter could also be occupying Pawar's thoughts.Congress leaders in Delhi were hopeful that differences with the NCP will be resolved soon with the PM making it clear he valued Pawar's presence in the Cabinet and Congress chief Sonia Gandhi promising to examine coalition matters raised by the ally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "15096352", "title": "Silchar forum demands justice for Pritam Bhattacharjee", "text": "SILCHAR: Friends of Pritam Bhattacharjee have formed a group called Justice for Pritam Forum (JPF) in Silchar and drawn up a detailed plan to pressure the police and the administration to book the culprits behind his abduction and subsequent murder killing at a railway station in Bihar.JPF members on Sunday said they have planned to organize a protest rally at 4.30pm on Monday from Netaji statue at Rangikhari locality in Silchar. A procession will march through the town and a memorandum will be sent to the authorities in Dispur, Patna and New Delhi. \"We have also appealed to the teachers who remain busy in private tuition to abstain from their job during the time on Monday and join the procession and support peoples' cause\", said a member.JPF has appealed to the people of Silchar to observe two minutes' silence at 12 noon on Monday to condole the death of Pritam, a resident of the southern Assam town and son of a retired college principal. Throughout the week the members will organize a signature collection campaign to pressure the government to launch a CBI probe in the death of Pritam, an MSc in Physics from Guwahati University and a PhD aspirant from JNU.\"In the name of investigation, Bihar police have simply been joking with the victim's family and the people of the northeast,\" JPF members said. They said Pritam had gone missing from Awadh-Assam Express at Naugachhia station while he was travelling to Delhi from Guwahati on July 9. His body was recovered near a railway track not far from the Naugachhia railway station in Bhagalpur district of Bihar on July 15. \"The ticket checker concerned, station superintendent of Naugachhia station and the GRP constable on duty at the station are yet to face any action,\" the members said. They said while the forum will go on agitation till justice is derived, they will also seek justice from the court of law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15083844", "title": "Rain sinks Hyderabad; 9 dead", "text": "HYDERABAD: Over 12 hours of heavy rain since Friday evening saw the entire civic system in the city collapse and laid bare the unpreparedness of the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) and other agencies. The rain, the heaviest of the monsoon season so far, resulted in 9 deaths, inundated practically all the low-lying areas, turned commuting on the city roads into a nightmare in view of the countless potholes on the arterial roads and plunged many areas into darkness due to power failure. And to make matters worse, the Met office has predicted more rain in the Telangana region during the next 48 hours.While five persons were killed when a compound wall collapsed at the Balanagar industrial area, a four-member family of an auto driver including three children died when the wall of their house collapsed at Adityanagar in New Hafeezpet. In all, at least 3,626 houses were inundated across Hyderabad with Nampally, Amberpet, Charminar, Musheerabad, Bandlaguda, Asifnagar, Saidabad, Golconda and Himayatnagar being the worst-affected.GHMC officials were quick to explain away the chaos that the city witnessed during the last 24 hours as the result of the second highest rainfall -- 180 mm -- that has been recorded in recent times, after the 240 mm rainfall that was registered in August 2000. \"What was witnessed since Friday night is more man-made. Despite the monsoon season beginning in June, the storm drains remain clogged and the roads are either still dug up at many stretches or are full of potholes. It was a disaster waiting to happen,\" said S Raghuveer, a businessman from Begumpet.Nampally and Asifnagar received 188.2 mm of rainfall, the highest in the city in this spell, followed by Amberpet and Saidabad, which recorded 178.8 mm each.In fact, it is not only the core areas of the city like Begumpet, Khairatabad, Banjara Hills, Secunderabad and Marredpally that saw traffic gridlocks, even the much touted Hi-Tec City wilted under the onslaught of the rains. \"The stretch between Madhapur and Kothaguda junction was flooded right from Friday night till Saturday morning. The road in front of Hitex, that is anyway in a bad shape, turned worse. The distance that I cover normally in 10-15 minutes took me close to one hour on Saturday,\" said Shruti Gupta, a techie and resident of Madhapur.Flooding of the roads and traffic jams were the order of the day on Saturday. While a huge crater filled with water on Road Number 2, Banjara Hills, derailed traffic from Madhapur to Punjagutta, flooding of several stretches of Road No 1, Banjara Hills, paralysed the traffic from Mehdipatnam to the heart of the city. In Secunderabad, places like Addagutta, Mettuguda, Sitaphalmandi, Malkajgiri and Sainikpuri were the worst -hit while chaos reigned on the arterial roads like SP Road and RP Road. Major traffic snarls were also seen on the road from Hi-Tec City to KPHB, Khairatabad to Punjagutta, Mettuguda to Sangeet road, Sagar road, Malakpet to Chaderghat and the Raj Bhavan road.Practically, everyone who had to venture out had an ordeal to narrate. \"The entire Ameerpet stretch, right up to S R Nagar, was flooded on Friday night. \"My office cab driver refused to drive and I had to spend the night at a colleague's house in Tarnaka,\" said Priyanka S, an Ameerpet resident, who was returning home after a late-night shift at an IT firm on Friday. A resident of Habsiguda said that his entire colony was flooded due to the incessant rainfall. \"The ongoing metro rail construction in the area only made matters worse for commuters,\" he said.\"While my usual commute time to work is just about an hour, it took me close to three hours to reach office on Saturday morning. The entire stretch between Shapur Nagar, where I live, and Banjara Hills (workplace) was completely water-logged. Traffic was moving at a snail's pace. Even on Friday night, I had a tough time returning home as I had to travel through bylanes to avoid the traffic jam on the main roads,\" said Preeti Rao, an employee of a private firm.The road in front of `Vijaya Homes' in Jillelaguda (Saroornagar mandal) was completely washed away and residents were forced to take detours to reach the main road. \"School children taking this route too were seriously inconvenienced. Pedestrians had a tough time as the heavy downpour worsened the condition of roads here,\" said Ramesh Krishnamurthy, a commuter.Water from all neighbouring colonies had flowed on to the main road in Toli Chowki causing severe hardship to commuters travelling on that road on Saturday morning. Eventually, municipal staffers had to break the road divider to clear the water-logging. Traffic between Gachibowli and Mehdipatnam came to a standstill for over an hour due to this, said a commuter Rohit Tiwari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15084762", "title": "'Narmada land sold to relatives of BJP ministers'", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat Pradesh Congress Committee has alleged that land acquired for the Narmada project has been transferred to the relatives of BJP ministers.Manish Doshi, GPCC spokerperson said in Amarda village, the state government acquired land for construction of the Narmada canal. Payments were also made to the farmers in 1997. Due to a technical issue, the canal was constructed from Bhuva village instead of Amarda. The acquired land in Amarda was later transferred to Gautam Patel, a relative of BJP's Ishwarsinh Patel, minister of state for cooperation, sports, youth &amp; cultural affairs. Doshi claimed that Nitin Patel, who is not the Narmada minister, pressurized the secretary to take up the issue immediately and decide on transferring the land to Gautam Patel. tnnDoshi said that there are over 10,000 farmers who are still waiting to get their land back, but the government instead of returning the land to the farmers in case of Amarda, took a decision as the person was related to the BJP minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "15086198", "title": "Man held on molestation charges", "text": "THRISSUR: A 27-year-old man was arrested at Thrissur railway station for allegedly trying to molest an 18-year-old girl in a train on Saturday.The Chalakudy-based girl was returning to her hometown from Chennai along with her family in the Chennai-Alappuzha Express-16041 when the incident took place.The arrested has been identified as Mahesh (27), son of Isakkimuthu of Injambakkam in Chennai.Circle inspector M Sivadas said the family of the victim and the accused were travelling in the S4 compartment of the train in the same coupe.\"Around 3am, the man tried to molest the girl. She resisted, and immediately alerted the members of her family who were sleeping. They contacted the TTE after the train reached Palakkad Junction around 4.20am,\" said Sivadas.He said however, the train left the station by then, and the TTE informed the Thrissur RPF team about the incident. We arrested the accused as soon as the train reached Thrissur.He said they could arrest the accused only because the family had acted wisely.\"They did not make a scene when the incident occurred or else the man would have escaped at Palakkad or Shoranur junction.\"The accused has been booked under section 12 of The Railway Protection Force Act, 1957, and handed over to Thrissur railway police officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15083850", "title": "Swelling reservoirs give water board cause for cheer", "text": "HYDERABAD: Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) officials are upbeat after the season's first major bout of rain . Water levels at Osmansagar and Himayathsagar lakes have registered a rise after the heavy rainfall on Friday night.\"Due to fresh inflows, water levels at Osmansagar and Himayathsagar are up by two feet. Before the downpour on Friday, the water level at Osmansagar was 1,771 feet; it is now at 1,773 feet (full tank level (FTL) is 1790). Similarly at Himayathsagar, what was at 1,747 feet has now risen to 1,749 feet (FTL: 1763),\" HMWS&SB; chief general manager, transmission, V Visweswaraiah told STOI.\"We are expecting more inflows over the next two of days. The water level at both the reservoirs might go up by another feet by Sunday. This is the second spell of inflows into the reservoirs. During the first spell, when rainfall occurred on June 18, water level at Osmansagar rose by two feet and at Himayathsagar by five feet,\" he said.\"Now, the Water Board is in a position to supply water to the city till November. In case there are no more inflows, pumping will start from December-end onwards. Normally in winter, water consumption is lower as compared to summer,\" HMWS&SB; general manager and in-charge of the two reservoirs, D Sridhar Babu, said.At Manjira and Singur, too, water levels are on a steady rise due to the rain.Hussainsagar lake was brimming with water on Saturday with the lake's FTL going up to 513.84 feet from 513.41 feet before the showers.But, by 6.30pm, the water level had fallen to 513.80 feet after around 2,500 cusecs of water was discharged from the lake, GHMC superintending engineer, lakes, Rajeswar Reddy, said.When contacted, GHMC commissioner MT Krishna Babu said that people living in the vicinity of Hussainsagar need not worry over the rise in water level in the lake. \"We have instructed irrigation officials to take all necessary measures to discharge water from the lake as and when the levels increase,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15086758", "title": "Wails pierce silence at slain teacher's house", "text": "PATNA: Life would not be the same again for the Notre Dame Academy's Class XII student Neha and first-year engineering student Priyaranjan alias Rocky whose mother Nilam Sharma was murdered on Friday.Nilam was mercilessly assaulted by a group of criminals inside her house cum school, known as Mathura Lodge, in Rajiv Nagar, and escaped with valuables. Nilam later succumbed to her injuries in a private nursing home.A pall of gloom descended on Mathura Lodge, with wails frequently piercing the silence, even as pundits prepared on Saturday to conduct the rituals for cremation. A large number of relatives and others were assembled at the house, many of them sobbing. Soon, pundits started humming mantras before taking the body for the final journey.Neha cried inconsolably, with relatives holding her, saying \"I cannot live without my mother\". Neha was asked to offer Gangajal to her mother as is the ritual. When Priyaranjan arrived here from Pune, where he is pursuing his studies, on Saturday at around 12.30pm, he had no idea that he had lost his mother. He fainted on seeing his mother's body. As some of the relatives sprinkled water on his face, he gained consciousness, only to faint again. Some of the relatives gave him glucose as his condition deteriorated.Neha tried to console him. \"Jo ho gaya, ho gaya, ab aage dekhana hai (We have to see what happens next)\", she told him. Though Nilam's husband, Sanjay Kumar , remained calm, he turned emotional on seeing his son's condition. He hugged Priyaranjan and both started crying. \"Papa, kya ho gaya, papa ab kaise rahenge mummy ke bina (what has happened, how will I live without mummy),\" he sobbed.Soon, the pundits called both father and son to lift the 'arthi'. And the funeral procession headed towards Digha Ghat, where Nilam's last rites were performed.Some of the relatives later said Nilam had just arrived from a local market on Friday after purchasing vegetables and prepared meal as a nursery student, Monu, used to live with her. They said the nursery classes ended at around 11am while Neha used to return from her school at around 12.50pm. \"It seems the entire operation was carried out between 11am to 12 noon and the intruders knew the timings,\" said a relative.Later, DSP (law &amp; order) Vivekanand and DSP (town) Manoj Tiwary reached there and searched over a dozen hutments close to Mathura Lodge. Senior SP Amrit Raj said nine persons had been detained for interrogation in this connection. He said two police team were carrying out raids to nab the suspects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15092728", "title": "Augustin A of Kodagu is Karnataka under-15 champion", "text": "MANGALORE: Augustin A of Kodagu has won the Karnataka State under -15 FIDE rated open chess championship that concluded here on Sunday. Overnight leader Augustin scored against local boy Sharan Rao in the ninth and final round to take his tournament tally to 7.5 points. Andria L D'Souza of Mangalore, Satvik M of Bangalore, and Amoga HA of Mysore, who all finished with 6.5 points apiece, were ranked second to fourth based on the tie-break scores.In the final round, Augustin gained full point at the expense of Sharan in very short game. In the second board Satvik won the battle against local lad Shabdhik Varma in a game with Queens gambit orthodox variation. In the third board Amogha broke the black French defence in a typical middle game against Nikhil R Umesh Shimoga. Andria L D'souza with her black pieces employing the Caro Kann defence against local boy Vivekraj won in 54 moves.Results  : U-15 open : Ninth and final round : Augustin A (Kod) 7.5 bt Sharan Rao (Mlr) 6; M Satvik (Blr) 6.5 bt Shabdhik Varma (Mlr) 5; Amogha HA (Mys) 6.5 bt Nikhil R Umesh (Shi) 5; Vivekraj (Mlr) 5 lost to Andria L D'Souza (Mlr) 6.5; R Parthasarathy (Blr) 5.5 drew with Pangal Gopalakrishna Nayak (Mlr) 5; Ojas Kulkarni (Blr) 5 drew with Ananya S (Mlr) 5; Aditya Pai K (Mlr) 5 bt Sachin TV (Blr) 4; Sharan R Setty (Mys) 4 lost to Arjun Adappa (Mlr) 5; Ajay SM (Shi) 5 bt Chandan A (Put) 4; and Shreyash BS (Put) 3.5 lost to Shashwath S Mudenagudi (Hbl) 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "tura (meghalaya)", "code": "15096321", "title": "Silent Sunday in Sangma's home bastion", "text": "TURA (MEGHALAYA): It was an unusually sombre Sunday in Tura, Purno A'gitok Sangma's political bastion, which had returned him to the Parliament and the state assembly on several occasions. With the Bible in their hands, the faithful attended church like they do every Sabbath, but the mood said it all. The most popular son of the soil had just lost the Presidential election, the first time he has been beaten in his long career.\"We were hoping for a miracle of sorts to see him through to the Rashtrapati Bhawan, but it was not to be,\" said an elderly resident of the town. \"He put up a brave front and his gutsy stand is something we will always cherish,\" he said. The \"miracle\", which Sangma, an avowed Christian, had hoped for never happened.A church leader said: \"The tribals and Christians of the region are glad that the main opposition party in the country, the BJP , and several prominent regional parties, including AIADMK, BJD, Shiv Sena and Akali Dal, extended support to Sangma's candidature, which demonstrated that India is truly a functioning secular democracy.\" A retired university professor added: \"The results also go to show that the tribal people still have a long way to go before anyone of them becomes either the constitutional or executive head of this vast and ancient nation.\"People in Chapathi village in West Garo Hills district of Meghalaya, where Sangma was born on September 1, 1947, also went about their ways as usual even as it became evident that the \"village boy\" had just lost the most prestigious election. A Sangma supporter revealed that arrangements were made for a gala celebration, including indigenous folk music and dances, in the event of the veteran politician winning the presidential poll. \"We had even rehearsed for the performances, but we have now decided to receive him in a grand style as he had shown the courage to fight for the highest post in the country,\" he said.State capital Shillong too was agog with Sunday revelers going about as usual with none seeming to bother about what happened to the state's high profile aspirant to the high hill in the national capital. After all, as on date, Meghalaya has tried to hit but missed the top target of Raisina Hill twice. In 1992, it was George Gilbert Swell who lost to Shankar Dayal Sharma, and now it's Sangma, bowing down to the veteran Pranab Mukherjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15085514", "title": "Tourist saved from drowning off Colva", "text": "PANAJI: A Japanese tourist who was swimming with her friends in a no-swim zone at Colva beach was pulled out from the sea on Saturday after she appeared to be floundering in the water.The tourist, identified as Nanami Okazaki, 21, was in waist-deep water with her friends about 200m from the lifeguard tower. \"Suddenly, she was pulled by a strong rip current and started gesturing for help,\" said a lifeguard from Dristhi special response services.Lifeguard Rupesh Gaude who was on duty at the tower directed a jet-ski towards the spot and lifeguards Gurunath Shirodakar and Rajesh Mirashi rushed towards the victim and brought her safely to the shore. The victim was examined for possible injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15093277", "title": "Forest minister Sartaj Singh appeals for active participation in forest development scheme", "text": "BHOPAL: On the occasion of Van Mahotsav-2012, the forest minister Sartaj Singh has appealed to people of Madhya Pradesh to cooperate in the efforts of forest development through their active participation. Singh said people can obtain saplings for plantation from their nearest nursery. Panchayati Raj and educational institutions as well as voluntary organisations' role is important in the effort, he added. Singh said year 2012 is being observed as Khamer Year in the state with a view to promote its plantation and to strengthen the economic condition of villagers. Over 15 thousand joint forest management committees have been constituted in the state to give boost to the forest management. The forest committees are playing important role in forest augmentation and conservation with the cooperation of the other departments.Sartaj Singh said Van Mahotsav is celebrated every year with the objective of creating awareness among people for plantation. Under the leadership of chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan special attention is being paid to sustainable development of forest and making forest produced-based employment available to forest dwellers, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "kishanganj/katihar", "code": "15086797", "title": "CPI (ML) demands judicial inquiry", "text": "KISHANGANJ/KATIHAR: The Purnia district CPI (ML) general secretary, Pankaj Kumar Singh, has called for a judicial probe into the killing of an employee of BJP MLC Ashok Kumar Agrawal in the guard room of the latter's residence-cum-petrol pump at Mirchabari in Katihar town on Tuesday last, and charged the state government with shielding the main culprit.Slamming the police top brass for buckling under pressure from their political masters in not arresting the BJP MLC, who was named the main accused in the FIR lodged by Niraj Mahto, the eyewitness and brother of slain employee Dhiraj Mahto, the CPI (ML) leader said the credibility of police top brass was suspect since, despite their categorical assurance to arrest the MLC within 24 hours, nothing of the sort was done even after five days of the killing of the employee.\"Is it not preposterous to suggest that the trained bodyguard was cleaning his carbine without removing the magazine and it suddenly went off killing the MLC's own employee Dhiraj Kumar,\" Singh quipped and added, \"Why are the police not inclined to believe the slain employee's brother Niraj Mahto who was an eyewitness and who lodged the FIR.\"Meanwhile, the new SP Kim, who assumed charge here on Friday, made on-the-spot investigation at the MLC's guard room and also met the bereaved family members of the slain employee on Saturday. She had assured newsmen immediately after assuming charge here on Friday afternoon that whosoever was guilty would not be spared.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15086892", "title": "Road work: Muda gropes in the dark over missing link", "text": "MYSORE: Even as six-laning of the outer ring road (ORR) is on, the Mysore Urban Development Authority (Muda) is still groping in the dark on the completion of the 9.22-km missing link of the expressway. On a day when Muda officials visited various under-construction public facilities, they had no clarity on the completion of the stretch between Bannur road junction and Ooty road junction. The stretch is yet to be developed though the outer ring road was built 10 years ago. Though the work on three other stretches was taken up to ease traffic congestion in the city, problems in land acquisition made things difficult for the authority to start work on the 9.22-km stretch. It is now one year since the urban body acquired land to build the missing link, yet it is not clear when it will start the groundwork.The government is said to be apprehensive about the work which may cost many more crores. Muda commissioner C G Betsurmath on Friday said they are awaiting the government's permission. The Muda had approached the urban development department seeking its permission to build the expressway and sought approval to award the project to the contractor who is upgrading the ORR. Initially, the missing link was proposed to be built with funding from the Centre under the JNNURM. But the Centre revised the ORR project to Rs 347 crore including the service road on both sides when the Muda approached the state government. It has indicated that it will fund for the missing link which is key to cut down heavy vehicles plying inside the city limits. The ORR upgradation, which is on since two years, was projected to be completed by June end. During inspection, it was found that only 65 per cent works are through. Of the 42 km, some 32 km is upgraded. Muda chairman L Nagendra said the works are expected to be completed in three months. The fourth package is nearing completion while another is through, he said.Land for cricket stadium Muda has reserved 60 acres at Shantaveri Gopal Gowda Nagar to develop an international standard cricket stadium. It is seeking assistance of the Karnataka State Cricket Association to build the facility but indicated that it is ready to create the facility on its own. Betsurmath said they will hold discussion with the KSCA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "15085295", "title": "Father beheads son for land", "text": "MALDA: A farmer in Englishbazar allegedly beheaded his son on Friday night soon after he organized a picnic to celebrate his becoming a father. Harish Mandal, 65, then drank pesticide and is admitted to Malda hospital.Sources say a property dispute may have been behind the murder of 26-year-old Nirmal, who has a newborn son. Harish, of Mahajmakur village, has two wives, who are sisters.Nirmal was washing his hands at a tubewell around 10.30pm when his father allegedly chopped off his head with a sickle. He then fled to the house of his third wife, Panchami, and drank from a bottle of pesticide. The villagers took him to hospital and informed police.Nirmal's mother, Kamala, accused Harish of killing her son. \"He only pretended to drink poison. He should be punished for the cold-blooded murder.\" Panchami, however, said: \"The father and son had quarreled over property yesterday. My husband had written 5 cottahs in Nirmal's name but he wanted more. They say he killed Nirmal but I know nothing.\" Malda SP Jayanta Pal said they have seized the murder weapon.Malda SP Jayanta Pal said they have started a case of murder. \"Harish Mandal was arrested in hospital. We have seized the weapon he used for the murder,\" he said.Harish then married two sisters The incident took place at village Mahajmakur of Kajigram Gram Panchayet under English Bazaar Police Station. On the basis of complaint of the daughter in law, police arrested the killer father. Arrested father is undergoing treatment at hospital.It is learnt that 65 year old small farmer Harish Mandal of this village had married twice after his first wife had died years back. Kamala Mandal and Panchami Mandal, his second and third wives were two sisters. Kamala's son Nirmal (26) was a mason by profession. He had married one Madhabi Mandal with whom they had 2 daughters and a son of two months. On Friday night Nirmal had arranged a picnic with some of his friends to celebrate the birth of his son.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15083705", "title": "DIG system of policing: Old wine in new bottle: Experts", "text": "BHOPAL: The Madhya Pradesh government's desperate move to curb rising crimes by doing away with the senior superintendent of police (SSP) model in force in the two major cities of Bhopal and Indore and replace it with a deputy inspector general (DIG) is like an old wine in new bottle. The new system like the past would hardly make an impact, said experts.Under the new dispensation the DIG will have three officers of the rank of superintendent of police (SP) reporting to him in the two cities as against the present system of two SPs reporting to the SSP.The SSP system introduced in Bhopal and Indore in December 2009 failed to make an impact primarily due to the shortage of field officers and lack of powers defined between the SSP and SPs reporting to him, said a retired IPS officer of the rank of director general of police.Senior police officials talking to TOI said that instead of increasing the number of IPS officers in the cities the government must initiate steps to increase the number of policemen at the middle and junior levels to augment policing.The facts too suggest that the police-people ratio in Bhopal continues to remain dismal. There are around 3800 policemen, including the officials in the state capital which has a population of more than 20 lakh. The ratio is roughly one cop for over 525 persons. Of these most are on VIP duties and other sundry work reducing the strength of field force.The state's former director general of police Dinesh Chandra Jugran told TOI, \"Whether the SSP system or the latest formula of having three SPs under a DIG, both are like the same book with a new cover which does not appear to be attractive. I don't understand why these experiments are being done, the more the number of supervisors the more the delay in response and crime control and policing\" he added.The crime graph of past two years of during which the SSP system was in force too corroborate the same. There has been a surge in murder, dacoity and attempt to loot incidents. Against the 65 murders recorded in the year 2009, the figure rose close to 80 in the year 2011.Similar is the case with cases of dacoity which rose to more than double from 2 to 4 from 2009 to 2011. The incidents of attempt to loot also went up over the period, pointing that increasing the supervisory authorities would not solve the purpose.The incumbent DIG Yogesh Choudhary, who till recently was serving as the SSP Bhopal, told TOI, \"The district police have send a proposal to the headquarters demanding an additional 2500 policemen for the city. The force strength depends on the policing system the city adopts\", he added.Why SSP model was ineffective?The role of SPs and SSP to whom they were reporting were not clearly defined. On most occasions there was an overlap of duties adding to confusion.Commissioner systemMost prominent cities across the country have a police commissioner heading the city police normally officers of the rank of additional director general of police (ADGP). In the police commissioner system the commissioner is the most powerful official and is vested with magisterial powers that come handy in case of outbreak of violence and law and order problems in the city. In the normal course magisterial powers are vested with the district collector or district magistrate and the police have to wait for orders to react. In Madhya Pradesh there has been talks about adopting to police commissioner system for the past decade and a half. However, the issue never took off following the reluctance of the Indian Administrative Service (IAS) officers to part with their magisterial power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15084471", "title": "Villagers to back Maruti at Monday\u2019s mahapanchayat", "text": "GURGAON: Villagers around Manesar have decided to organize a mahapanchayat, which will include representatives from 200 villages, to express solidarity with Maruti Udyog Limited. Villagers say that they are worried because their livelihood depended on the firm, which declared a lockout on Saturday.Transport contracts from the company as well as rent from company employees who have been their tenants have been the main sources of income for the villagers so far.Two days after major violence at the Maruti plant in Manesar, villagers from Manesar and nearby areas alleged that this incident was the result of political conspiracy. They have alleged that this was done to force Maruti to shift its plant from Manesar. They have demanded a high-level probe into the violence. After the news of the lockout broke, a panchayat was held around seven villages in Aliyar Dhana village.It was decided that a mahapanchayat would be held on Monday at Shahidi Park in Aliyar Dhana village. Around 200 village heads and other representatives will take part.Om Prakash Yadav, ex-sarpanch of Manesar village, told TOI that the lockout was shocking news for Manesar and nearby villages. \"If the plant does not open soon, villagers employed with the company will reach the brink of starvation. This incident is condemnable. We are with Maruti and its management because Maruti made Gurgaon district prosperous in the 1980s. We also demand a high-level probe into the issue because it all happened under a political conspiracy,\" said Om Prakash.Villagers said that they wanted the company to reopen soon. If the company wants their help they are ready to depute a core committee of villagers to help avert this kind of extreme violence in the future.Sarpanchs Vikram of Khoh village, Surendra of Rampura, Sheochand of Shikohpur village, Dharmveer of Manesar, Prahlad of Bas Kushla, Ishwar of Aliyar, Babulal Numberdar and others said they were ready to take on those who were tarnishing the image of Manesar.Lockout no good: Workers' unionMaruti Udyog Kamgar Union (MUKU) has opposed the lockout at the company's Manesar plant. Kuldeep Janghu, general secretary of MUKU, said that the decision was no good. \"We want a special investigation into the matter. We also want the Manesar plant to reopen as early as possible because a lockout is not the way out. The guilty should be brought to book,\" said Janghu. MUKU and another workers' union submitted a memorandum to deputy commissioner P C Meena on Friday demanding a CBI probe into the violence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15088678", "title": "A song for Janani Iyer", "text": "Director Aslam was stationed in Mysore, where he shot for Paagan with Srikanth and Janani Iyer. We hear that he picturised a song featuring the pair.Aslam says, \"We shot at Sakleshpur near Mysore. The speciality of this place is that it rains for a few minutes and the sky becomes clear. It rains again after a a while. The place is abundant with flora and is pleasing to the eye. We waited for this time of the year to can a song there.\"The director also tells us that he has a special song, tuned by composer James Vasanthan, picturised on Janani.He adds, \"Debutante lyricist, Vrichika, has penned Poonthendralai Thedi Sendru... , which we picturised on Janani. It's a soothing melody, and will highlight the character she plays in the film \u2014 a college student from a small town, who is extremely confident and independent. This number will definitely be one of the highlights of the film.\"The film also has Kovai Sarala in an important role.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15085694", "title": "Two-headed calf rescued by activists", "text": "COIMBATORE: A two-headed calf was rescued by activists of the Coimbatore Animal Welfare Society from a slaughter house recently. Vice president of the society M Kailash Kumar said, \"We consider the cow a sacred animal.We got to know that a calf with two heads had been born in a village near Pollachi and that the farmer was planning to sell it to a slaughter house. The villagers thought the animal will bring them bad luck. We went to the village and requested the villager to hand over the calf to the society.\" The calf has now been named Gowri, after a caretaker at the Bhagwan Mahaveer Cowshed run by the society near Coimbatore. Doctors said such cows are rare.Kumar said the cowshed has about 900 cows, which were rescued as they were being taken to slaughter houses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15085257", "title": "310 private hospitals yet to rectify deficiencies", "text": "NAGPUR: Of the 640 major private hospitals in the city, 310 hospitals are yet to take all the necessary precautions, including fire safety norms and the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has given them six months' time to comply with rules.According to health officer of NMC, the health department had issued notices to these hospitals after the fire and emergency services department conducted a fire safety audit. However, in March this year, the health department too found that many hospitals had still not made an effort to improve their firefighting system.\"This came to fore when these private hospitals had applied for renewal of their registration. Among these are prominent hospitals like Care and Suretech. Registration is initially granted to a hospital or a clinic for three years. Till last year, NMC renewed the registration without asking for NOCs from the town planning department and fire and emergency services department,\" said the health officer.After a fire at Care Hospital in December last year, it came to fore that many hospitals had violated sanctioned building plans and even ignored installation of fire safety equipment which is mandatory as per national building code and development control regulations.Chairperson of NMC's Hospital committee and BJP corporator from Dhantoli Dr Safalta Ambatkar too expressed concern over brazen violation by private hospitals.The then municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal had made it mandatory for private hospitals to follow safety norms. \"He had also issued instructions to the health department to cancel the registration of hospitals if they failed to comply with safety features,\" she said.Sources in Dhantoli zone claimed that of the 78 hospitals located in either Dhantoli or Ramdaspeth, over 38 hospitals had violated not only sanctioned building plans but also neglected fire norms. \"Of these hospitals, major violations were found in two hospitals - Suretech and Care. Depending on the deficiencies, all the hospitals were given a time limit of six months to correct them,\" said a senior health official.According to sources in health department, some of the shortcomings in the firefighting system included absence of sprinklers, blockades in basements, passages and refuge areas. Maintenance of fire equipment was also found to be insufficient.A senior fire officer confirmed that some hospitals were yet to rectify the deficiencies. \"We will give them more time, and if they are still found violating fire norms and sanctioned building plans, we will prosecute them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "15087123", "title": "Cricketer Rahul's family feels he is innocent", "text": "JALANDHAR: Even as cricketer Rahul Sharma of Pune Warriors has tested positive for drugs after he was detained along with fellow cricketer Wayne Parnell , apart from 94 others from a rave party in a Mumbai hotel in second week of May, his family has claimed that he is innocent and they have full faith in him,His father Pardeep Sharma, a sub-inspector of Punjab police said that he and his family were sure that Rahul was a teetotaler and had not taken any drugs. He did not rule out the possibility of Rahul being implicated. Reacting on the issue on Saturday, Sharma pointed out with an element of skepticism that Rahul and Parnell's reports were delayed for around two months though reports of others were out much earlier. \"Why did this happen?\" this said.Rahul, after his return from Mumbai, had announced in Jalandhar on May 21 that he would quit cricket if found positive for drugs, Pardeep Sharma said that Rahul said it with conviction as he had not taken any drug. \"In any case, we will go by BCCI's decision,\" he said. Rahul had said that he was not even aware of what a rave party was.\"I had come to Mumbai from Pune for a meeting. In the evening, I was asked by Parnell to accompany him to a birthday party for which he was invited by a friend. I had enough time as my flight for Amritsar was scheduled on Monday morning. We reached there and had water and were standing at a corner when after 15-20 minutes, police arrived, he had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "old goa", "code": "15085415", "title": "'Rampons' blessed in Basilica as season nears", "text": "OLD GOA: A few hundred fishermen who came in lugging their 'rampons' and purseiners prayed at Basilica of Bom Jesus here for a successful season ahead as part of an annual tradition.The 45-day ban on fishing during the monsoon period will end on July 31.A Eucharistic service was held at the Basilica on Friday as the fishermen sought the blessings of St Francis Xavier for a good catch during the season.It is a tradition for the fishermen, accompanied by their family members, to pay their respects to the patron saint of Goa, also called 'Goencho Saib', a few days before the commencement of their fishing activities for the season.The fishing gear, the nets known as 'rampons', 'disco net' and purseiners are blessed inside the church. The nets, some of them as long as 40 feet are laid on the floor while the priest blesses them and the fishermen pray for a good catch.The last season was bad and they are pinning their hope on a better catch this year, said Pascoal Crasto, a fisherman from Colva.\"We hope Goencho Saib will bestow his blessings on us and provide us a good catch this season,\" he said.The fishermen consider St Francis Xavier as the saint of their community. Biju Silva of Benaulim said, \"We try to visit the Basilica every year and seek the patron saint's blessings for a good catch.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15093769", "title": "iPads to rule Indian Overseas Bank's decision making process", "text": "MANGALORE: Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) is making all out efforts to make its decision making process totally paperless. After a move that saw its dozen board of directors - chairman and managing director (CMD), and two executive directors included, and 21 general managers get iPads, Chennai based bank is all set to provide iPads to its 47 regional heads. Once this vertical integration is complete, all decisions will be made literally at the tap of a button.M Narendra, CMD, IOB told TOI that use of iPads has virtually eliminated use of bulky hard copies of agenda for important meetings of the bank's heads. \"We are saving quite a lot on printing costs as well as paper due to use of technology,\" Narendra said while not quantifying the savings on either counts. What this has ensured is that the top executives now troop into the meetings with their iPads and flip through the agenda on their gadgets, he noted.Believing in the dictum that the CMDs secretariat moves with the person, Narendra said, \"No decision making process at the bank is withheld or delayed on account of my absence at the head office.\" The iPads will be shortly equipped with Skype facility that will facilitate on the move video-conferencing of bank authorities concerned, Narendra said, adding he regularly holds video-conferencing with executives and regional heads to get instant feedback.In addition, business intelligence data, an in-house tool that gives information on various vital banking parameters of each region too will be integrated with the iPad , Narendra said. \"For example, if I want to see advances and deposits of a region or any other information, I will have the data on the iPad,\" he said. The tool internally has been widely used. \"We have had more than 10 million hits where vital banking parameters have been analysed,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "hambran road", "code": "15086422", "title": "Hairdos and designer bindis turn showstealers", "text": "HAMBRAN ROAD: Women displayed their expertise in stylish hairdos using flowers and designer \"bindi\" using water colour during the Teej celebration of Geetanjali Ladies Club on Saturday.Club members of different age-groups came up with out-of-the-box ideas and designs while participating in these events. Participants used rose, lily and jasmine to make simple hair style look extravagant.\"I am a homemaker and I had never tried my hand at hairstyling before. But, my hairdo in this contest turned out to be quite a sight though I just added elegance to a simple hairdo with rose flowers,\" said one of the participating members Meenakshi Sharma.Another participant Sunita said, \"This event helped me discover a new passion in life as my first-ever attempt earned a lot of praise from other participants. I never took any formal training in hairstyling, but will consider it as a serious career option now.\"Colourful \"bindi\" designs with innovative artistic touch added a resplendent appeal to participating member's beauty. \"If you remember the bindi designs from \"Hum dil de chuke sanam\", similar Rajasthani water-colour bindis were made by participants here. These designs are usually big and portray a specific shape or figure,\" said club member Radha. Those dressed in the best Rajasthani attire, jewellry, \"mojari\" (Rajashtani footwear), \"borla\" (women wear it on head) and bangles of this Princely state were awarded surprise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15086475", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee set to be 13th President", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pranab Mukherjee set to be elected as 13th President of India on Sunday.The counting of ballots in Parliament House on Sunday is a mere formality for Mukherjee, the UPA's nominee for presidential polls as he managed to bag support of all constituents of the ruling combine, the RJD, along with UP political outfits \u2014 the SP and BSP \u2014 and NDA partners the JD(U) and Shiv Sena . He also got the support of smaller parties such as the YSR Congress in Andhra Pradesh.The counting of ballots, which has reached here from the states, will start at 11am.\"The results of the presidential election will be known immediately after counting is over on Sunday,\" said V K Agnihotri, Rajya Sabha secretary general and returning officer for the poll.The lawmakers, belonging to both the Parliament and the state legislative assemblies, had cast their ballots on Thursday to elect the country's 13th President.About 95% of the total 4,896 electors \u2014 776 MPs and 4,120 assembly members \u2014 exercised their franchise at the polling centres set up at Parliament House and 30 other state and union territories with assemblies.Congress-led UPA has claimed Mukherjee will win around 70% of the votes in the direct contest with P A Sangma , who is backed by some opposition parties.Mukherjee is expected to bag 735,000 of the 1,097,000 votes defeating his rival Sangma with huge margin if promise from political parties comes true.Sangma, supported by the BJP, Shiromani Akali Dal , Asom Gana Parishad , AIADMK and Biju Janata Dal , is expected to garner about 3,13,000 votes.The new President will be administered the oath of office by the Chief Justice of India on July 25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15077539", "title": "How to keep yourself safe on the internet", "text": "Gone are the days when you had to stand in long queues to pay your electricity bills, phone bills, income tax returns and almost everything. But easy access to the internet and availability of these services online not just provide relief but of course helps in saving time. At the same time users are also exposed to the threats of identity theft, loss of personal information and spams.If we follow a few golden rules we can easily protect our personal information and greatly reduce the possibility of fraud. Here are some of them:Security suitesOutpost Security Suite : This is the only free security suite that offers antivirus, firewall and anti malware in a single package. It even offers email and web surfing security for online protection and monitors application behavior to keep a check on malicious infections. Being free, it does have some limitations \u2014 only one auto update is allowed in a day. Others need to be manually done. Also, it does not include identity theft protection or technical support.Norton 360 (v 6.0) : As an all-in-one suite, Norton 360 (Rs 1,649) is pretty complete. Apart from protecting against local threats, it has a set of tools for online identity theft protection, to tune up your PC, Email and instant message monitoring as well as browser plugins to warn you of harmful websites &amp; downloads. It even has parental controls to track Internet usage and keep kids safe from online threats. Finally, the price includes 2GB cloud storage. Norton 360 can automatically take a regular backup of important files to the cloud.FirewallsComodo : The free Comodo firewall uses cloud-based data to to protect your computer against online threats and programs. It is capable of detecting most trojans, worms, hacker attacks and even has a sandbox mode where new programs can be run in a protected, virtual environment to make sure that they are not harmful. In 'game mode', Comodo works silently in the background \u2014 useful if you don't want to be disturbed while playing a game or watching a movie. Finally, a built in 'TrustConnect' Wi-Fi feature encrypts and safeguards data transfers when connected to a public network.ZoneAlarm Pro : The Pro version of ZoneAlarm's Firewall (US$ 30/year) protects your computer against hackers and makes it invisible online by hiding your information. It has a built-in anti-phishing tool that stops fake/infected websites from opening on your system and it even authenticates websites to show you which ones are secure and which are not. If an active download is infected, the firewall automatically suspends the download for protection. It even gives you 2GB online storage where the program uploads and backs up important data that can be restored if required.MobileAvast for Android : Avast's free app provides real time antivirus protection and even offers a firewall that can stop any app from accessing the Internet. It even offers SMS/call filtering, an app task manager and can show access rights of each app installed to detect any data stealing. The app has a strong set of anti-theft features that include lost notification on the phone, SIM lock, SIM change notifications, remote restart, remote wipe as well as the option to remotely locate your phone using GPS. The only thing that this free app skips out on is any sort of data backup service.VirusBarrier for iOS : This $2.99 app can do on-demand scans of content downloaded on to your iOS device. The program scans for malware, adware and hacker tools on the iOS device which might get transferred and then infect the computer (Windows/MAC/Unix) when the device is connected to it. It can scan through zip files, email attachments, files stored online in Dropbox or on FTP severs and can also scan websites for phishing links or other online threats.More options for advanced usersStay safe while downloading : Using Torrents is not illegal - sharing of copyrighted information is. Having said that, if you are a torrent user and are fed up of internet service providers clamping down on torrent speeds or are wary about your privacy being compromised (because of over-zealous media industry watchdogs), you should consider services like www.peerblock.com and www.btguard. com.BTGuard's paid service completely hides your computer's IP address and provides a secure, encrypted route for your torrent data. PeerBlock is open source and works in conjunction with www.iblocklist.com. It essentially blocks your computer's communication with advertising or spyware oriented servers, computers monitoring torrents or computers which have been 'hacked' ( botnets ).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15086744", "title": "Cops register case against students", "text": "MANGALORE: Kadaba police on Saturday registered a case against 15 persons, including students and members of an organization for holding a protest in front of Sri Ramakunjeshwara First Grade College (RFGC) at Ramakunja near Uppinangady in Dakshina Kannada district. Mangalore University All Colleges Union, a subsidiary organization of Campus Front of India (CFI) had held a protest in front of RFGC on Friday, demanding permission for Muslim girls of the college to wear headscarf inside classrooms.Police sources said that they have registered a case based on the complaint filed by the principal of the college, Vasanth Rao. The principal had alleged that the students were shouting slogans against college management and were disturbing classes. Students of RFGC had started protesting against the college's dress code, which does not allow girls to wear headscarf in classrooms from July 12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15085489", "title": "No word yet on terminal opening", "text": "CHENNAI: Civil aviation minister Ajit Singh , who inspected the recently modernised Air Traffic Control (ATC) system at Chennai airport, remained non-committal on when the new terminal would open. The much-delayed project has had a couple of trial runs, but is yet to start operations as airlines are not willing to shift before supporting infrastructure is in place.\"It is a huge project and it is taking long time,\" the minister said when asked about the opening of the new domestic terminal. Singh visited the ATC control room and witnessed flight operations in the restructured airspace control. The CNS/ATM system which is being carried out in Chennai as a pilot project will soon be replicated in Mumbai, Delhi and Kolkata.Singh, who remained silent on the proposed privatisation of Chennai airport, said his ministry will be focusing on efficiency of air traffic services and reducing fuel consumption and carbon emission. AAI member V Somasundaram, regional executive director D Devaraja and Chennai airport director Suresh accompanied the minister during the inspection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15086135", "title": "Firm told to pay car cost", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The district consumer disputes redressal forum II, Chandigarh, has ordered New India Assurance Company to pay cost of the vehicle damaged in an accident and the claim of the victim as it could not be established who was driving the car at the time of the accident and whether the victim had a valid driving licence. The company was ordered to pay Rs 4,73,888, the cost of the vehicle, and Rs 2 lakh towards accident claim of deceased Avtar Singh Lally of Sector 43.The complainants said Lally met with an accident on April 18, 2010, at Garhshankar in Hoshiarpur. he and two others died in the accident. According to the insurance company, some documents supporting the claim were submitted with them, except the driving licence of the person at the wheel at the time of accident. The complainants claim that they did not know who was driving the vehicle at that time, and even the FIR makes no mention of this.The insurance company in its reply to the forum said they have repudiated the claim of the complainants as the latter had failed to establish whether the insured had a valid driving licence.The forum stated that the investigator appointed by the insurance company could not even ascertain who was driving the vehicle and had advised the repudiation of claim on mere presumption. It also said the company should have investigated the matter properly and established the non-existence of effective valid driving licence of the insured. Thus the company is deficient in rendering proper service towards the complainants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15084460", "title": "Last-minute flight fares 80% more dear", "text": "MUMBAI: There never was such an incentive for booking an air ticket early as the difference between a last-minute ticket price and a three-week advance fare has become as much as 70-80%. Since March, the number of seats available on domestic routes has plummeted compared to what used to be on offer during the corresponding period last year. But with demands not slumping, airfares have gone up.In March, India had about 24,000 fewer domestic seats than the same month last year. An April-on-April comparison between this year and last showed a decrease of 42,000 seats. Since its financial trouble started, Kingfisher Airlines has scaled down its flight operations considerably, but other airlines have not compensated with enough flights and as a result, the number of flights and consequently the seats on offer has been on a steady decline.On Saturday, the lowest one-way fare on the Mumbai-Delhi route for next week flights was Rs 7,700. For travel a week after that on the same route, the lowest fare was Rs 7,000 and for travel 14 days from now, the fares began at Rs 4,700. Similarly, the cheapest fare on the Mumbai-Kolkata route was Rs 5,000 for a flight on August 6, and this Monday, the lowest fare has soared to Rs 8,200. Flights from Mumbai to other destinations too followed similar trend in pricing. This week, airfares from Mumbai to Chennai began at Rs 7,200 and went down to Rs 6,400 for next week and Rs 4,300 for two weeks later. Only for routes like Mumbai-Hyderabad and Mumbai-Bhopal, the fare difference across weeks has remained 30-40%.Those most affected by the trend are the last-minute buyers, most of whom are corporates, entrepreneurs and people who cannot anticipate their travel demands weeks in advance. Iqbal Mulla, president Travel Agents Association of India, said, \"Seeing the soaring rates, typical last-minute flyers, corporates and businessmen have started blocking, booking tickets in advance. But since they cannot be fully committed to their travel plans, they often end up cancelling or rescheduling their tickets, which invites a penalty.\" Cancellation fees charged by airlines were high and varied from Rs 750 to Rs 1,500. \"There are many classes of booking and each airline has a different policy. So when a ticket is rescheduled and if the same class of fare is not available, the buyer ends up paying for the higher ticket as well as the cancellation cost,\" Mulla added.However, the good news is that compared to last month, airfares have cooled a tad bit, falling by Rs 100-300, on most routes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15085301", "title": "Krishna to visit Pak on Sept 7, will also go to Lahore", "text": "NEW DELHI: Foreign minister S M Krishna will finally travel to Pakistan on a three-day visit, starting September 7. India had proposed these dates earlier, but government sources said Pakistan too has given its consent to the dates allowing Krishna to visit Pakistan towards the end of the monsoon session of Parliament.On his way back to Delhi, Krishna is also expected to spend some time in Lahore on September 9. \"He is likely to have a few engagements there, but that is still being worked out,'' said an official.The visit was earlier scheduled for July 19, but it had to be postponed after the date clashed with presidential poll. \"I think the visit would further strengthen the bilateral relationship, which is improving by the day. I will be visiting Islamabad, sometime beginning at the second week of September,\" the minister had told reporters on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15086710", "title": "CM opens Indian Council for Cultural Relations's regional centre", "text": "PATNA: If the upcoming Nalanda University (NU) in Bihar is destined to pull towards it East Asian and South East Asian nations, like in the past, then can Indian Council for Cultural Relations (ICCR) headed by Karan Singh eschew its role in the state of a promoter and facilitator of cultural exchanges and bonding between India, specially Bihar, and these nations?The answer is an obvious 'no', and CM Nitish Kumar realized it without wasting any time. On Saturday, while inaugurating the 19th centre of the ICCR here, he directed building construction department principal secretary Sudhir Kumar to earnestly find the required land for constructing the ICCR complex here in consultation with its senior functionaries.On the occasion, ICCR chief and Rajya Sabha member Karan Singh was also present. The CM also said the state government and he himself would always remain ready to help to see that the ICCR centre in Patna developed and grew into a reputed institution.Earlier, here on Friday, at the inauguration ceremony of the three-day international seminar on 'Civilizational Dialogue between India and ASEAN', he had appealed to Singh to develop the ICCR centre in Patna into a \"good one\" - implying, aesthetically pleasing, and marked by sufficient infrastructural and manpower support to carry out its activities.With the establishment of the ICCR branch here, not only artistic activities would expand and get an edge but artists from the state would also get ample opportunities to show their excellence in art and cultural activities, Nitish said, adding that they would definitely lend their skill and talent to promoting relation with the member countries of ASEAN by dedicated participation in cultural exchange. Pointing out that Bihar has had a glorious past, the CM said that people of the state would take inspiration from the past to rebuild their future.According to him, scholar participants in the three-day international seminar being held here have been referring to the things Indian that had roots in Bihar, a matter of pride and inspiration for the people of the state, and opening of NU itself would spur a number of activities in the state. On the occasion, the CM also released the magazine, 'Patna Kalam', brought out by the department of art, culture and sports.In his deliberation, ICCR president Karan Singh said people have begun to think and talk about the day when India would emerge as a superpower, but its fundamental mantras are embedded in the simultaneous growth and expansion of the country in the fields of economy, politics and culture. In all the countries of East Asia, South Asia and South East Asia, strong presence and influence of Hinduism, Buddhism and Indian culture had been found, he said.On the occasion, deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi said there was need to hold 'Ramayan Mahotsav' under the aegis of ICCR, while culture minister Sukhda Pandey elaborated on the state's cultural diversity. Besides, under the title 'Melody of Bihar', various folk tunes and songs were played.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15086598", "title": "When the Congress party collapses, we will be the biggest beneficiary: Arun Jaitley", "text": "Leader of opposition in the Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley , an important troubleshooter for BJP, tells Arati R Jerath that the party is not facing any leadership crisis and is more than ready for a new roleWhy was the BJP at sixes and sevens about its strategy for the presidential poll, considering its importance in setting the tone for the 2014 Lok Sabha election?I don't think the BJP is in any doubt about its strategy. It took us time to choose our candidate for president because , besides our NDA colleagues, we wanted to consult other non-Congress regional groups. The Congress has shown a remarkable ability to manipulate the political class and through various tactics they managed to get some non-Congress groups to support their candidate for president. But this will not in any way affect our strategy for 2014. The Congress is getting alienated from the people, as is evident from the results of recent elections across the country. We occupy the largest non-Congress space in the heartland of the country. When the Congress collapses, we will be the largest beneficiary.You lost two key allies in the presidential election. Isn't that a gain for the Congress?It's a good question but it should really be addressed to those allies. I only wish they had supported the larger opposition candidate, P A Sangma. The UPA is a failed coalition and UPA-2 has a bad track record of governance. It doesn't make political sense to me that anyone opposed to the UPA should support its candidate for president.There is a perception that the BJP is as reluctant to face elections as the Congress. Is the main opposition party scared of a mid-term poll?We are prepared for a poll at any time. But we don't dictate the timing; the arithmetic in the Lok Sabha does. As long as the Congress has the ability to manipulate two important non-Congress parties , the SP and the BSP, it can maintain the necessary number in Parliament. The leaders of both these parties had very important investigations against them. The Congress's ability to manipulate them is based on the simple premise that the corrupt are vulnerable. The honest are more defiant . That is why the Congress finds the Trinamool Congress difficult.After what happened at your Mumbai convention, it appears that Narendra Modi will be your prime ministerial candidate in 2014.We will decide our prime ministerial candidate at the appropriate time. Modi has a good track record of governance and therefore his name is mentioned frequently. It's for the BJP and the NDA to decide their candidate.Are you a contender?I don't regard myself as anything more than a BJP worker.Do you agree with L K Advani that people are disappointed with the BJP, as he wrote in his blog?I don't think people are disappointed with the BJP. What is a matter of concern , however, is that people want to throw out the Congress and see an effective alternative. The BJP can effectively anchor an alternative alliance. But we need to advance in two important areas. The first is we need to expand the NDA. Secondly, at an appropriate time, whoever is the first among equals in the NDA to lead the alliance will have to be decided by us.Why is a disciplined party like the BJP gripped by so much infighting and dissidence reminiscent of the Congress? Too many aspirants for the PM's post?The basic premise is incorrect. We are a structured party with a galaxy of emerging leaders. There can be a legitimate question about who will be our eventual leader. In democratic parties in countries like the US you have systems by which leaders are elected. In India, in structured parties like ours, it happens on the strength of experience and internal decisions. Unless we are able to overcome this myth of a dynasty alone producing leaders, the real worth of Indian democracy will not be realized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15084145", "title": "After rap, cops say no letup on tint ban", "text": "NEW DELHI: Reacting to criticism from Supreme Court on action taken against tinted film on vehicles, traffic cops said they've prosecuted 1,05,607 vehicles for the offence since May 4 this year.Police said they are harsher on 'high-end' vehicles and have enforced the law uniformly. Taking cognizance of the court order, all DCPs of traffic have been told to specifically target such high-end vehicles with tinted film, said senior traffic officers.\"We have had intensive prosecution all over the city for tinted film. Our teams did not discriminate against any class or type of vehicles. In fact, even elected representatives, senior government officials, rich people with high-end vehicles and also our own departmental (police) vehicles have been prosecuted,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.The drive, which was started on May 4 after the apex court's order, has seen the maximum number of prosecutions in west Delhi, with 42,344 vehicles prosecuted for the offence. A close second is south Delhi, with 32,614 challans, followed by 15,224 in north Delhi, 8,741 in east Delhi and 6,684 in central Delhi, according to traffic police.Of the vehicles challaned, the film was removed on the spot from 1,05,543 vehicles. The vehicles included at least 19 government vehicles, 10 police vehicles and 1,05,236 cars, said traffic police sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "kishanganj/madhepura", "code": "15086841", "title": "Touts get poor young girls married to older people", "text": "KISHANGANJ/MADHEPURA: When a destitute mother sold her four-month-old child to a rich couple at Forbesganj railway station last week, it caused ripples across the society. But hardly anyone cavils when nubile poor girls of the area are literally bartered away in marriages to men quite older to them from different parts of the country.A poor mother from village Betauna gave away her young daughter in marriage to an elderly man from Moradabad in Uttar Pradesh (UP). The marriage was solemnized at the Singheshwar Shiva temple, Madhepura, on Wednesday last. Many villagers attended the marriage and blessed the 'unmatched' couple, informed sources said.A man, who had similarly acquiesced in getting his daughter married to an aged bridegroom from a village in UP, spilled the beans on how such marriages were arranged and performed.The prospective bridegrooms, mostly from UP, engage brokers who, in turn, go hunting for poor parents having marriageable young daughters.\"These brokers use all possible tricks to cajole and persuade the parents by promising comfortable life to their daughters if they marry them to the bridegrooms from UP,\" the man told TOI on the condition of anonymity.\"If all their persuasive skills fall flat, they lure the poor parents with handsome amount to get their daughters married to their candidates,\" he said. The entire cost of marriage is borne by the grooms and the brokers extract their own pound of flesh.Scores of girls from Madhepura and neighbouring Purnia district have been sold in such marriage markets during the past few years, informed sources said.State Women Commission member Guddi Devi, while interacting with TOI here on Saturday, conceded that such reports poured in at regular interval. \"We shall have to start an awareness campaign against such social evil and protect the young poor girls from being sold in this despicable manner,\" she said.Madhepura SDPO Vijay Kumar , however, shrugged off the matter, asking how could police intervene unless complaints were lodged and such cases were brought to their notice?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15094723", "title": "Mamata congratulates Pranab, to attend swearing-in ceremony", "text": "KOLKATA: West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Sunday congratulated Pranab Mukherjee for his victory in the Presidential poll and said she will attend his swearing in ceremony on July 25.Banerjee congratulated Mukherjee over telephone after his victory over P A Sangma.She told PTI that during the conversation, Mukherjee requested her to attend his swearing in function as President on July 25.\"Responding to his request, I agreed to attend the ceremony,\" the Trinamool Congress chief said.She also invited him to visit West Bengal first after winning the elections.Party sources said Banerjee would be leaving for the capital on July 24 and return here on July 25 after attending the ceremony.TMC MP Kunal Ghosh said Mukherjee told the chief minister during the telephonic talk that his win would have been incomplete without the support of the Trinamool Congress.Banerjee, who had initially opposed the candidature of Mukherjee, had announced her party's support to him two days before the election on July 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15085393", "title": "Gujarat CM woos Maruti, Hooda sets up meeting with firm MD", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Jittery over Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi's efforts to woo Maruti to his state following trouble in the car-maker's plant at Manesar, Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda has decided to meet the company's top brass in Delhi on Monday.The chief minister will meet Maruti Suzuki managing director and CEO Shinzo Nakanishi and discuss the labour unrest issue at the plant, where violence claimed the life of a senior executive on July 18.Haryana's industry minister Randeep Singh Surjewala and officials from police and labour departments will also be participating in the meeting.\"Both sides will sit together not only to ensure safety and security of all in the company but also to devise a strategy to avoid recurrence of such incidents,\" said Surjewala.The Gujarat chief minister is on a tour to Japan to meet ministers and industry leaders. When West Bengal government ignored Ratan Tata's demands, he had shifted the Nano plant from Singur to Sanand in Gujarat.Now, with trouble brewing in the Maruti plant, Hooda is worried about the company's future plans. To add to that, Maruti Suzuki on Saturday declared a lockout at the Manesar plant, stating it could not risk life and safety of its employees.\"To me, what is more important is the safety of my colleagues than producing some cars to make some money,\" Maruti chairman R C Bhargava said. He said production would not resume till probe into the violence was over and corrective steps taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15090904", "title": "Varun Sandesh\u2019s birthday celebrations", "text": "Hero Varun Sandesh celebrated his birthday (July 21) on the sets of his upcoming film directed by Koneti Sreenu. The birthday bash was graced by the film's director, producer and other cast.Speaking on this occasion Sandesh said, \"I started celebrating my birthday on the film's set since I'm 18. It gives me a different feeling and I'm enjoying every bit of it\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15085765", "title": "Raids on eateries continue", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The corporation on Saturday deployed its 'meat squad' in its drive against sale of stale food and slammed notices on five cold storages in the city. The squad seized stale meat from the cold storages and also from a major retail chain. The meat was later destroyed and the corporation has sought explanation from all the cold storages.Raids were conducted at Kesavadasapuram, Palayam and Medical College areas. A corporation health official said that the meat was being stored in cold storages for weeks and that they had also taken note of the unauthorized slaughtering through which the meat was procured.Although many of the hotels had remained closed in protest against the raids, the corporation health squad seized stale food items from a few hotels at Sanghumugham, Thiruvallom and Pachalloor. All the hotels were also issued notices after the raid.Meanwhile, the food safety officials conducted a surprise raid at the three canteens functioning on the premises of Medical College Hospital. The officials also spotted human excrement near the kitchen of one of the canteens. The raid was conducted after the patients and the caretakers raised complaints regarding the unhygienic condition at the hospital canteens.The canteen functioning close to SAT hospital had earlier been issued notices thrice, the officials said. DYFI activists also took out a demonstration demanding the immediate closure of the canteens.In the wake of series of raids against hotels, Kerala Classified Hotels and Resorts Association has declared their complete support for government's actions against hotels which work under unhygienic conditions.\"Everybody is a consumer in one way or the other. People eat hotel food just on the basis of trust. So the hotel owners have to take care of hygiene,\" said G Subodhan, association president. The association members said that they did not believe in strikes aimed at closing down the hotels. \"It will affect the hotel workers. Instead of closing down the hotels the officials should concentrate on enforcing the hoteliers to provide clean food to the customers,\" said Kottukal Krishnakumar, general secretary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15093296", "title": "Britney Spears 'confused about marriage '", "text": "Britney Spears, who is still very much in love with fiancee Jason Trawick, is said to be having difficulty in deciding how to celebrate their wedding.The ' X Factor' judge has been dating Trawick for three years and got engaged in December last year.According to Star magazine there is still no date or really even any plans in place yet, News.com.au reported.\"Jason really hopes to get married around Christmas, and he wants to have a huge bash,\" a source told the tabloid.\"Britney, on the other hand, is completely holding back from making any plans.\"Britney just isn't ready to commit to concrete plans, because she's not sure what the right thing to do is,\" the source said.\"She's confused. This is her third wedding, so she doesn't know whether she should go really big and make a huge statement or just do it super toned down,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15084928", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation corrects security deposit mess", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation's (NMC) Laxmi Nagar Zone has corrected the security deposit mess. The TOI on Saturday highlighted that the officials were collecting the security deposit of Rs 600 from the water consumers twice on one connection.Deputy engineer ST Tare said that he had talked to the higher officials at the head office of water works department who asked to stop collecting the security deposit twice. \"There will be no need to deposit the security deposit again during change of name or other process if it has already been paid. The consumer has to just submit the no objection letter from the former owner on whose name the connection was issued,\" he said.However, executive engineer Shashikant Hastak said that there was no need to take the security deposit twice. \"Officials of Laxmi Nagar Zone or other zones where the system was followed never informed us about the practice. We were in dark abut it,\" Hastak said.Asked about non-availability of application forms and plumbers collecting hefty and illegal charges in nexus with the staffers, Hastak said that the customer facility centres (CFCs) will solve the problem. \"The CFCs will be created by the private operator - Orange City Water Limited (OCWL) in coming days. All these problems will be solved as there would be single window system,\" Hastak said.Earlier on Friday, leader of ruling party Praveen Datke and chairman of water works committee Sudhakar Kohle had said that the application forms should be made available at the zone offices. However, Hastak failed to give a satisfactory reply on this saying, \"The new state-of-the-art facility by OCWL will solve all problems.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15084779", "title": "Engg teacher sacked after student's sting", "text": "MUMBAI: The Veermata Jijabai Technological Institute (VJTI) in Matunga has terminated the contract of a teacher after she was allegedly caught on camera taking a bribe from a student to pass him in his mathematics paper. While the date and the time of the recording is not known, a written complaint was given to the institute early this week. The institute's director took cognizance of the matter by terminating the teacher's services and also set up an inquiry to probe the allegation.The internal inquiry committee will also verify the answer booklets of students who cleared or failed the exam conducted by her or papers that are evaluated by her. O G Kakde, the newly-appointed director of the institute, said, \"There is no confirmation on whether the tape is doctored or not. Also we do not know if the video has been shot in the institute's premises or at the concerned teacher's residence. We cannot verify the authenticity of the video at the institute. Since we got a written complaint from a student, we have set up an internal probe to verify the matter. We have also initiated action against the teacher.\" He said the teacher was hired on contract and her service has been terminated with immediate effect. \"If the probe report shows that the allegation is true, we might seek legal recourse too,\" Kakde said.The teacher, who was from the mathematics department of the institute, allegedly charged anywhere between Rs 10000-Rs 20000 for giving marks to students. In the video, she is allegedly shown counting the money collected from the student. The video was aired on a news channel early this week and the expose is also uploaded online. It has received more than 3,500 hits and several students have posted comments claiming to be alleged victims of her act.Pradeep Sawant, Mumbai University's senate member, who met the director and university's vice-chancellor Rajan Welukar with a complaint, said, \"We have asked the university also to probe the matter. and unearth the scam.It looks like some others from the institute also are involved. We have sought action against the teacher.\" Sawant said other Yuva Sena members from the university's senate also have asked for a probe. \"The video was probably shot before the exams, around three to four months ago. But there was a conversation recorded by a student with the teacher for a similar request that is very recent, on the basis of which we gave the complaint,\" he said.Director Kakde said, \"We do not know how genuine the video is. But if it is true, then we need to make changes in the system. It is a system failure and we need to improve it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "15084127", "title": "Maoist threat triggers migration of Lohardaga kids", "text": "LOHARDAGA: Children are migrating from Jharkhand's Lohardaga region to avoid being kidnapped and coercively recruited by Maoists.Maoists are known to have repeatedly attacked schools to disrupt education and use children as shields during their anti-government operations.Dinesh Nageshiya, a student, expressed anguish over the increasing Maoist activities in the region.\"Maoists ask us to get involve with them and force us to take up arms,\" Nageshiya claimed.The Maoists reportedly mobilize children in the age group of 6 to 12 into their junior wing and indoctrinate, train, and use them as informers against the administration.They use children to gather intelligence apart from deploying them on sentry duties, make and plant landmines and bombs, and also engage them in hostilities against government forces.SDPO Ram Gulam Sharma said social policing has helped them to keep a track of Maoists who forcibly recruit children for armed conflict.\"The Maoists always target children belonging to poor and illiterate backgrounds. Through police-public cooperation, we conduct policing and this has created a huge impact on the locals as the children are not ready to join the Maoist camps and they have developed their interest in studies,\" said Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15085521", "title": "Role of govt officials in illegal mining to be probed", "text": "JAIPUR: After lodging 18 FIRs against illegal marble mining in Makrana, the CBI is now preparing to investigate the role of government officials in the matter. CBI officials claimed several officials of Railway Protection Force (RPF), police and mining departments are under the scanner.Though names of these officials have not been identified in the FIRs, they have a hand in allowing illegal mining in Makrana.Officials said that first mine owners will be quizzed and then the officials will be called for questioning.Marble had been removed from underneath the railway tracks as a result of which the tracks collapsed some time ago here.The railway officials had filed a petition in the Rajasthan High Court regarding mining taking place within 45 metres of the Jaipur-Jodhpur railway track. Furious at the state of affairs, the court had gone to the extent saying, \"If you are not stopped, you will dig up even the high court.\" Cracking a whip on miners disobeying its orders, the court had also slapped a fine of Rs 50 crore on the Sangemarmar Khan Vikas Samiti, the association of marble mines of Makrana in Nagaur district.\"As per rules, mining can not take place within 45 metres of any railway track. However, a CBI team on Thursday found that the Makrana - Parabatsar railway track had been dug up at several places. The miners had removed stones beneath the tracks,\" said a senior CBI officer at Jodhpur.He added the plying of trains on this route had to be stopped owing to digging. \"It could not have happened without the knowledge of local police, mining department and RPF officials. So apart from identifying illegal miners in the FIR, we have lodged cases against unidentified police, railway and mining department officials,\" said the officer.The officer said that several officials and mine owners will be quizzed during the further course of investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15086329", "title": "Divine Aura: Vrindavan in Ludhiana on Hariyali Teej", "text": "LUDHIANA: At Govind Godham on Hambran Road in the city, the Hariyali Teej celebrations of Vrindavan will replicate this Sunday with a spectacular \"fool bangla\" (flower bungalow), prepared by artists from Kolkata, beholding an awe-inspiring sight. Thousands of devotees who are expected to turn up for the celebrations will witness the grandeur of Hariyali Teej celebration as it is done in Vrindavan.\"Quintals and quintals of flowers of various varieties have been imported from Kolkata in preparing a \"fool bangla\" like that of Vrindavan by these Bengali artists. They have also made a special swing of flowers, which the devotees will get a chance to sway when idols of Radha-Krishna are placed for worship,\" said chairman of Govind Godham trust Sunder Das Dhamija.Dhamija said an \"Amritvani Sankirtan\" by Naresh Soni has been organized on Sunday as part of these celebrations while thousands of devotees will be served community food. On Saturday, the dress Radha-Krishna idols will be adorned with, was offered prayers at Godham.\"\"This traditional style of celebrating Hariyali Teej is from Vrindavan, where the aura is mesmerizingly divine, and we are trying to create the same ambience,\" added Dhamija.Businessman Dharminder Joshi from Model Gram said, \"Hariyali Teej is one of the biggest Teej celebration here every \"Sawan\". We dot miss the chance of experiencing the ecstasy of Vrindavan,\" said.\"Hariyali Teej is the only time when Radha-Krishna are seated on the same swing. I never miss these celebrations at Godham and this Sunday too, I will attend the evening with my. We will do service at the celebrations,\" said businessman Sandeep Salwan from Rishi Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "midnapore", "code": "15085388", "title": "Ojhas called in to resurrect dead, autopsy kept on hold", "text": "MIDNAPORE: An autopsy on a snakebite victim's body was withheld at Midnapore Medical College Hospital on Saturday as his family believed that two ojhas from Purulia could bring the victim back to life.When the ojhas arrived in the evening, they gave up within minutes of examining the body. Both claimed they could have brought victim Ajit Prasad, 22, back from the clutches of dead had they reached an hour early. But, by then, it was too late for the autopsy - the last autopsy at the hospital is done by 3pm. The family will now have to wait for another day to get the autopsy done.After refusing to give their consent for the autopsy, Ajit's kin told hospital authorities that the victim's uncle and an acquaintance were on their way from Purulia for a last glimpse. The two the family was waiting for were actually the ojhas - Habulal Mahato and his disciple Poltu - who claim they have brought three dead men back to life in the past.Ajit, who hailed from Chashmore village in Purulia's Ranibandh, was bitten by a snake early on Saturday at a club room in West Midnapore's Dherua. He and salesman friends Mrityunjoy and Kalyan had put up there on Friday night during a tour of Midnapore town. Ajit's friends immediately brought him to the hospital where he died around 8am on Saturday.After doctors declared Ajit dead, the authorities began making arrangements for the autopsy. Ajit's family members had reached the hospital by then and the authorities sought their consent for the autopsy. It was then that the family told hospital authorities that they were waiting for two people. When the duo arrived around 5.10pm, the family identified Poltu as Ajit's uncle. Habulal, they said, was Poltu's acquaintance and close to Ajit. They entered the morgue and came out soon after, declaring that it was too late to resurrect Ajit. Both had long hair tied in knots and carried pieces of paper and straw like (shekar) material in their hands. They claimed they had a past record of three successful resurrections but apologised to the family as this one was beyond them.Hospital authorities said they were unaware of any witches arriving at the hospital and said only the victim's kin were allowed in to the morgue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15086883", "title": "8.3 lakh apply for constable's job", "text": "PATNA: The Central Selection Board for Constables (CSBC) is facing a Herculean task in conducting the written examination for 8.3 lakh candidates who have applied for selection as constable in Bihar police. The number has swelled to two-and-a-half times the candidates who appeared for such an examination last year.Last year, 3.65 lakh candidates had appeared in written examination alone and after physical test, in all 10,100 candidates were inducted into the police force of the state. This time, over 7,000 constables are to be recruited.CSBC spokesman and secretary of the board, DIG Gandheshwar Prasad Sinha said the selection board is facing an uphill task as the number of examination centres is limited in the state, which cannot accommodate over 8 lakh candidates in one go.Last year, the examination was conducted at 694 centres located at various district headquarters. But these centres are not enough to accommodate 8.30 lakh candidates this time. As a rule, the CSBC doesn't allow examination centres in rural areas to prevent the use of unfair means, the DIG said.He hinted the board was looking into different options, including conducting written examination at the same centres, but in two sittings. In such a situation, the board would prepare two different sets of question papers. There would be 100 objective-type questions with multiple choices.The board has so far recruited over 12,000 candidates, maintaining total transparency and precision as RFID system was introduced during physical tests. Even those who missed the scheduled timing for running by a split second were disqualified, said Sinha.All the application forms received have been sent for scrutiny. Once the scrutiny is completed, the CSBC will come out with the date of written examination, which could be some time in November. After its results are declared, the dates for physical test will be announced. Thereafter, the final list of successful candidates will be announced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15085310", "title": "Govt sits tight on bus terminus shift", "text": "KOLKATA: It's been nine months since the Supreme Court upheld a Calcutta high court order to shift the bus terminus out of Esplanade, but the state government hasn't moved an inch to honour the verdict.The transport department has not yet scouted for land nor has it instructed its planning wing to prepare an alternative plan.In April 2012, seven months after the apex court upheld the HC order, the latter asked the government to inform what it had done to shift the terminus. On April 26, the state government submitted a commitment that it would honour the court order.RPS Kahlon, principal secretary of the environment department, tabled a report in high court during the April hearing that contains a letter from transport secretary B P Gopalika declaring the government's commitment to relocate the terminus. \"The government has decided to shift the bus terminus from Esplanade for which a suitable location is being identified. It may take some time and the convenience of passengers is also being considered while deciding a new location,\" reads the letter dated February 2.On Monday, however, transport secretary B P Gopalika told TOI that they have still not found suitable land to relocate the terminus. \"We are not being able to find land beyond a radius of 2-3km from the city to relocate the entire terminus. We have, in fact, spoken to Subhas Datta (who had filed the petition to save Victoria Memorial). Even he has not been able to help us in this regard. But since it's a court order, we have to find a site,\" said Gopalika.Datta said: \"It is very unfortunate that the transport secretary is depending on my opinion to find land to shift a bus terminus. I had suggested that instead of having a big terminus, we can have smaller termini at six corners of the city. This would decongest roads. I had also suggested that the transport department consult urban planners to decide the locations. A terminus should be in sync with the city's needs. But the government did nothing. I will bring this to the notice of the court shortly.\"In October 2002, Datta had filed a PIL in high court on pollution affecting Victoria Memorial. The HC appointed an expert committee, which to suggest how the monument could be saved. The panel, comprising officials from the central and state pollution control boards, NEERI and other experts, had suggested several measures, including a ban on parking adjoining the memorial.Following the report, the high court's green bench on September 28, 2007, marked a 'red zone' around the monument - AJC Bose Road to the south, Hospital Road to the west, Queen's Way to the north and Cathedral Road to the east - and ordered the government to shift the bus terminus to a distant place within six months. Parking and movement of vehicles around the monument was restricted.The state appealed against the order, but the SC upheld the HC directive. Comparing the Esplanade bus terminus case to the relocation of industries from the Taj Trapezium Zone for protection of the Taj Mahal, the Supreme Court had dismissed the state's argument that vehicular emission at the terminus located 2km from Victoria wouldn't affect the monument.\"It is very unfortunate that there is no change in attitude even after a change of regime. After the 2007 verdict, the government moved the apex court saying that shifting the terminus was not possible. The Supreme Court did not set any deadline, but that does not mean that the government should sit on the project indefinitely. About 15,000 buses enter and leave the city every day. Most of them touch Esplanade and Babughat,\" said Datta.Some transport department officials say that it is not impossible to find land in four corners of the city. \"In 2007, right after the HC order, we had earmarked some plots - under the approach-way of Vidyasagar Setu, at Rajarhat, at Bantala and Belgharia. But the government never took sincere interest to decongest the city. Land was identified but not acquired. We do not even know their status,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "1. the vision thing needs fixing", "code": "15085122", "title": "'We need a liveable, sustainable Bangalore'", "text": "1. The Vision thing needs fixing: For starters, we have no vision for Bangalore. Our leaders rule from the Vidhana Soudha that wouldn't have seen the light of day but for a former CM's foresight to get the project done despite reservations. Our leaders don't draw any inspiration from a Lalbagh, Cubbon Park and a Laxman Rao boulevard which would never have been around for us to enjoy if the leaders took a clerical accountant's view of why it was not feasible.Past positioning of Bangalore as a Pensioner's Paradise, Garden City and even India's Silicon Valley sound hollow now. A liveable, sustainable, walking city is a possible distinctive positioning for the Bangalore of tomorrow. Liveable has dimensions of quality of living for all its citizens, Sustainable acts as a guide on our choices about water, waste, energy, public transportation, renewal, etc. and an emphasis on Walkability (including cycling) is so obvious given that no other Indian city remotely has (or will ever have) our salubrious climate.2. The Leadership question - will the State do the right thing for Bangalore?: Unfortunately, this is not going to happen under our flawed governance model where the State calls the shots with respect to Bangalore. Unless citizens demand it, the handover to a directly elected local leadership will never happen. The Bangalore Metropolitan Region Bill is pending before the government and passing that would be a good start for a better Bangalore.3. Integrating for outcomes need of the hour: We don't spend adequate time in planning for the right outcome. Senior administrative officers are too caught up with day-to-day crisis to think long term. Further, the silo nature of our government agencies makes integration for outcomes across agencies virtually impossible and one has to request the CM and the chief secretary to play the integrator's role! The government needs to build alternative integration mechanisms.4. Addressing the trust deficit: Citizens don't trust government to do the right thing by them. The government needs to be proactive about civic agency operations, show greater ownership and accountability and give citizens a place at the table of civic decision-making in their neighbourhoods. We need public accountability platform with half-yearly summits. This allows performing officers to be recognised by the public (and political leaders) and drive a virtuous cycle of embracing higher targets and matching performance among agencies.5. We too have responsibilities as citizens: An inclusive outlook is critical. The urban poor have to be at the heart of city planning. Priorities will gravitate towards drinking water, clean sanitation, safe pedestrian walkways, reliable public transport, low-cost housing, streetlighting, etc. Greater civic responsibility is needed and, if not forthcoming, implementation through rule of law must be encouraged by civil society. An overarching vision, changes in the governance structure and focus on these priorities are the basic building blocks of a better Bangalore.(The author is chairman, Feedback Consulting)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "15085259", "title": "Centre sanctions 1,248cr for J&K; infrastructure projects", "text": "SRINAGAR: The Centre has sanctioned road and bridges projects worth Rs 1,248 crore for Jammu &amp; Kashmir helping to open up its far-flung and remote areas for economic betterment and welfare of the people there. This would enable the state to initiate 484 road connectivity works and construction of 50 bridges involving total road length of 2,651.23 km, a spokesman said on Saturday.\"The Union ministry of rural development has accorded clearance to the proposals of J&K; government pertaining to road connectivity under Phase-VIII new connectivity of Bharat Nirman, PMGSY and long span bridges involving over Rs 1,248.15 crore,\" the spokesman said. The approved grants include Rs 310.37 crore under Bharat Nirman Stage-I, Rs 851.92 crore under PMGSY Stage-II, Rs 21.02 crore under normal PMGSY (for border blocks), Rs 55.39 crore for long span bridges and Rs 9.45 crore under roads and bridges Stage-II, he said.The spokesman added it will help to cover 10 habitations of more than 1,000 population each, 63 habitations with over 500 population each and 42 habitations each with more than 250 population. The projects were approved following a request from state chief minister Omar Abdullah to Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh for expeditious clearance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15086862", "title": "MLA, KAS officer lock horns", "text": "MYSORE: The DC's office was witness to a woman KAS officer and an MLA hurling abuses at each other on Saturday. Allegations flew thick and fast between Project director and urban finance officer Mayadevi Galgali and Heggadadevankote legislator M C Chikkanna.The MLA alleged that Galgali was ignoring his pleas over the appointment of an officer to Sargur Pattan panchayat which has been vacant for two months. Galgali alleged that the legislator calls her at odd hours and abuses her. She pointed out that she is not the authority to transfer or post an officer, alleging that the MLA wants an officer of his choice as he does not want a fair inquiry into the land scandal in the panchayat.\"I am ready to quit my post if she proves her charges of me abusing her,\" the MLA added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15085705", "title": "Stomach infection could lead to juvenile arthritis: Doctor", "text": "LUCKNOW: If your child is complaining about pain and difficulty in walking, do not ignore the symptoms, as s/he might be affected by juvenile chronic arthritis, a rare but crippling disorder. Affecting children below 16 years of age, this form of arthritis affects nearly 1-2 percent of the child population.Prof Amita Aggarwal of SGPGIMS said, \"About 40% of the patients suffering with juvenile arthritis suffer from a rare disease called enthesitis related arthritis (ERA). The bad bacteria in a child's intestine could be responsible for the condition. And probiotics may help in eliminating the disease causing bacteria.\" Prof Aggarwal was awarded the Prof SR Naik Award for an outstanding research career for the year 2011 during the 17th convocation ceremony of the institution held on Saturday. A faculty member with SGPGI's immunology department, Prof Aggarwal has been working in the disease since 1994.\"ERA is seen in children of other countries as well. But the diseases manifests in a very different way in Indian children. Unlike children in west, the disease tends to affect lower limbs more than the upper ones. This prompted us to think that the lower limb could be responsible for the trouble. Later on our researches have proved that certain bacteria in the human intestine were causing it,\" she said, and added that stomach infections are quite common in children in India.She also informed that the occurrence of ERA in the western world is about 1/10th of what it is in India. \"The disease tends to affect more males than females,\" she said. Buoyed over her achievement, she enthusiastically shared the future of her research work as well. \"We have got a grant from the department of biotechnology through which we would work to indentify the specific type of bacteria and see how probiotics can help in containing the disease,\" she said.Prof KN Prasad of neurology department, was also given the same award for his work in the area of common neurological infection called neurocycticircosis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15085344", "title": "NSUI activists lathi-charged at Rajasthan University", "text": "JAIPUR: Police lathi-charged the National Students Union of India (NSUI) activists while they were staging a protest rally inside the Rajasthan University campus in the city on Saturday. Ten students were reportedly injured and rushed to the nearby hospital.The rally was headed by NSUI national president Rohit Chaudhary against the vice chancellor of RU for filing police cases against NSUI student leaders and suppressing students' movements through unjust means.Notably, NSUI state president Sumit Bhagasara was arrested for forcibly entering the V-C's residence. Later, he was released on bail. Over 400 activists, mostly outsiders, gathered at the Amroodo Ka Baag. Chaudhary urged the students in the rally to ensure victory of NSUI candidates in the upcoming student union polls.Thereafter the rally marched towards RU. Throughout the rally, the activists allegedly harassed commuters and two-wheeler drivers on the road.Anticipating violence, police was deployed at the RU main gate and around V-C secretariat. The situation turned ugly when students confronted the police at 1pm.\"They ignored our repeated pleas to maintain silence. So, at last we had to resort to lathi-charge to disperse them,\" said police official.Most of the hooligans in the rally were outsiders from across the state who displayed their strength in order to claim tickets for their candidates.However, police denied that no one was injured in the clash. Chaos prevailed for over an hour as students ran in different directions leading to a jam-like situation on JLN Marg.NSUI leaders alleged the police had attacked the peaceful march. \"I don't understand why police resorted to lathi-charge when we assured them of peace,\" alleged Bhagasara.Contrary to Bhagasara's claim, police said that some students pelted stones on them while others challenged them with banboo sticks. Till the last report came no student had been booked by the police.Police said the model code of conduct doesn't allow any rally to be held inside the campus. The dean students' welfare (DSW) has videographed the entire incident. \"On the basis of recording, the DSW will identify students and take punitive action against them,\" said RV Singh, DSW official.The incident has exposed the ill-preparedness of the university administration who failed to stop student activities inside the campus.Later on, a delegation was called by the V-C office to collect the memorandum. Here senior officials assured the students of considering their demands.Similarly, protest by different student groups took place in constituent colleges to garner students' support. Student union elections are scheduled on August 18 and every student group is pushing hard to revive its cadre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15084745", "title": "The art of home making", "text": "VADODARA: When two talented, sensitive artists set up home together, the result is nothing less than beautifully eclectic - a vision summed up in the home of Kakoli Sen and Jitendra Baoni, the painter and sculptor, artist couple based in Vadodara.They love to surround themselves with history. When not in their studios, creating stunning art, they can be found rummaging about in antique shops, or travelling through the countryside, picking up carved wooden panels, antique furniture and objets d'art from dilapidated houses and garage sales. After a careful restoration, these treasures make it to their two-storied home on the outskirts of Vadodara, near Navrachna University.The drawing room is a fusion of warm, effusive colours which forms the perfect backdrop to the rich collection of old furniture and curios that the couple has put together over 20 years of marriage. Every corner is a veritable treasure trove as one chances upon quaint collections of ceramics from across the world, or an aesthetically restored hat stand or a Chinese-design inspired chest of drawers with mirror, storing knick-knacks like brass ink pots, a bee-shaped kajal container, and even a musical 'belan' (rolling pin).Straight-lined, steel and chrome apartment furniture or vintage-looking but fast-churned out factory pieces, are not for them. The centre table is a hand-driven atta-chakki - with its hollow centre filled up with authentic Chinese ceramic figurines - with a glass top.Another wooden low table is a 'paalna' (swinging) baby cot decorated with painted tiles. \"We add a painted tile here or a stained glass panel there and the piece perks up beautifully,\" says Kakoli.The striking wooden column at the entrance is an example of Jitendra's hard work in restoring antiques. \"It consists of three pieces, collected separately,\" says the artist pointing at the bottom and the top pieces joined to give it beauty and the right length. To complete the picture, a 3-ft long wooden 'spoon' hangs on the wall nearby, \"In earlier times, this was used for havans to pour offerings into the sacred fire,\" reveals Jitendra who has done some googling to check its antiquity.Another gem on this wall is 'the face'- a piece of art made of pieces of the Berlin wall, after it was knocked down. \"This from a friend, in lieu of payment for a painting of mine,\" Kakoli offers. Unlike other self-obsessed artists, this couple displays only one of their own creations each, hanging others' works on their walls.\"This painting is a work in progress,\" says Jitendra about a brightly covered canvas on one wall. \"It's based on a war and peace theme.\" Inside their house, it's all about beauty and peace.The Aha momentThe couple feels that objets d'art, like the carved headboard wall panels, decorating spaces above doors, impart a regal look. The couple was fortunate enough to collect several similar looking, exquisitely carved wooden pieces from various dealers and old havelis, which have been then put together by Jitendra to replicate the look of a temple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15085625", "title": "A holy month for piety, reflection", "text": "COIMBATORE: It is the first Ramzan iftar for seven-year-old Shaliha Busra at her residence in Ukkadam in the city on Saturday evening. Clad in traditional black attire, she is seated along with her siblings and other family members on a straw mat spread on the floor. After invoking the holy 'niyath' (vow), Shaliha along with her family members break the first day of fast with a modest iftar spread comprising of the traditional nonbu kanji (a special porridge made with rice, meat and vegetables), date palms and a bowl of payasam. Her younger sister, Fahida, also sits with the family. However, she is just four years old and will start observing the fast after she turns seven.It was a similar scene in most Muslim households in the city on the first day of the holy month of Ramzan, which began after the sighing of moon late Friday night. The breaking of fast was held at 6.53 pm in the city after the sunset. Mosques in the city were packed with devotees on Saturday night where special prayers would be offered for the next 29 days.\"It is the most important time of the year for us and it is a pleasure to observe the fast with our family members,\" said A Sadik Ali, Coimbatore Corporation ward councillor and a resident of Ukkadam.Iftar ceremonies were also offered at all major mosques in the city, where the members of the community broke the first day fast. According to M Abbas of Ukkadam, the traditional iftar feast in Coimbatore city includes a serving of the nonbu kanji along with date palms and a fried snack item. Sweet dishes and fruit juices are also served at some families as all members sit together and break the fast after invoking the holy prayers.\"It is just 30 days, which we keep aside for the Almighty out of the total 365 days. My parents and elders also follow it very carefully,' said Shinaz Mohammed, a seventh standard student after breaking the fast.Members belonging to all 64 jamaaths in the city are observing the Ramzan fast, which according to many of them is also a rejuvenating and cleansing experience not just spiritually but also physically. Apart from the regular namaaz, special prayers are being conducted in the city mosques to mark the holy period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15095703", "title": "Rare turtle rescued, two arrested", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi police today claimed to have rescued a rare turtle, which smugglers clandestinely export to China, and arrested two youths who were trying to sell the endangered animal.Sanjay (22) and Raju Chaturvedi (36) were apprehended from Patel Nagar on a tip off, Devesh Srivastava, Additional Commissioner of Police (Central), said.Police found a tortoise wrapped in a T-shirt from their possession.Officers from the Wild Life department were called to the spot who confirmed that this tortoise was an 'Indian Soft Shelled Turtle' (Nilssonia gangetica)A growing demand for dry meat of this species has posed a threat to its existence.Wildlife activists claimed the dry meat of the turtle is clandestinely exported to China from the country.During interrogation, according to Srivastava, Sanjay told police that he had caught the tortoise from Bayawar village in Rajasthan.\"Both of them were going to Prem Nagar in search of a buyer when they were arrested by police. The market price of this tortoise would be above Rs five lakh. Later on, on the directions of a local court, the tortoise was set free in Yamuna river,\" Srivastava said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15084987", "title": "'Peace talk' helps girl return to school", "text": "BANGALORE: The small lanes of Ramachandrapura suddenly buzzed with activity when officials of the education department visited the government high school that was under the scanner for giving a transfer certificate to a student, who was allegedly raped and had delivered a baby.A 'peace talk' was held with the teachers, parents and School Development Monitoring Committee (SDMC) in the morning under the supervision of the deputy director of public instruction. School officials told STOI the issue had been resolved after the meeting. \"All the children came to class today. The girl's TC has been taken back. She is coming regularly to class,\" said the school authorities.However, Baby (name changed), the victim, had a different version to give. She alleged that she sat alone on the last bench on Saturday. \"I overheard parents tell teachers that their children should not be made to sit with me. Nobody spoke to me. But, it's ok. I don't want their company. I am happy that my teachers are good to me,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15084301", "title": "Kidnapped Haryana boy recovered in Unnao, two held", "text": "KANPUR: Four-year-old Raj Sinha, who was abducted from Faridabad in Haryana on Thursday evening by two unidentified miscreants, was recovered from Unnao district on Saturday.The police have also arrested two persons for abducting Raj. They were identified as Govind Prasad Raidas and Shiv Prasad Raidas, residents of Gadariyan Kheda, under the limits of Bangarmau Kotwali police, in Unnao.Unidentified miscreants had stabbed the boy's 30-year-old mother Kiran to death at their G-145 Indranagar enclave house in Faridabad on late Thursday evening and abducted him.Kiran, wife of building contractor Sanjay Kumar Sinha, was alone in her house in Indra Colony in Sector-21 with her son Raj when the incident occurred. Two of her children had gone to tuition classes while another one had gone to visit his grandparents.Police said the kidnapping was made for Rs 50 lakh ransom and the abductors were tracked with the help of surveillance.Unnao SP J Ravinder said: \"We have arrested two persons, Govind Prasad Raidas and Shiv Prasad Raidas, natives of Gadariyan Kheda in Bangarmau. Shiv is a student, Govind was employed at a private firm in Faridabad. The abduction was made for ransom as the accused have confessed. Their mobile number through which they have made ransom calls was put on strict surveillance following inputs by Haryana police. The two were arrested.\"During interrogation, the two confessed the involvement in abducting the boy. They told the cops that Vikas Sinha, who is a nephew of builder Sanjay Kumar Sinha and his friend had committed the murder of his aunt Kiran. They had only lured them with a handsome offer of Rs 2 lakh. He had handed over the boy to them, asking the two to escape with the `catch' to their native place, said an SOG official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15085055", "title": "Wheels of change turn Karnataka State Road Transport Corporation into a winner", "text": "It all started with the Canara Public Conveyance Company in 1914, with one bus plying between Mangalore and Bantwal, making travel across miles possible in Mysore state. This little endeavour went on to become what we now know as Karnataka State Road Transport Corporation. In the bylanes of history, STOI found little secrets about India's best public transport system.Private bus services dominated the roads before Independence, but in 1948, the Mysore Government Road Transport Department (MGRTD) was formed, with a fleet of 100 buses. The buses, with protruding engines and clumsy-looking carriages, laid the foundation of the KSRTC. In 1961, MGRTD came under the Road Transport Corporation Act, and was called KSRTC only in 1973. In 1997, BTS became Bangalore Metropolitan Transport Corporation.The corporation went through sea changes and internal disturbances, bleeding the state exchequer. It was brought under a technical committee headed by Kodandaramaiah and later, the issues were analyzed by a legislature committee chaired by PGR Sindhia. The committee streamlined the 19 divisions, 109 depots, 13,273 routes, 10,476 buses and 59,033 employees to raise the level of administration and performance. Consequently, the North East KRTC, headquartered in Gulbarga, and North West KRTC in Hubli, were formed on October 1, 2000.Today, KSRTC is the second highest employer in the state after the education sector with 1,10,058 employees, and 33,800 staff with the parent KSRC. BMTC alone has more than 32,000 drivers and driver-cum-conductors. The corporation is riding high, having bagged over 20 national and international awards.Tracking the journeyCycle rickshaws were the regular mode of transport in the 19th century to commute between bus stands and railway stations. The fare: 10 annas. But it was jutkas and horse carriages that were the most popular form of private transport across villages and towns. Until recently, jutkas lined Infantry Road in front of the police commissioner's office. Bangalore's first private cars arrived in 1903, during the British regime.Auto rickshaws first appeared in Bangalore in the 1940s. The minimum fare was Rs2 at the time. The autos, with noisy horns and engines, were painted green and yellow, which were then changed to yellow and black, and are now green and yellow again. When autos first hit the town, there were only 10, today there are more than 80,000.The first successful private bus system was started by Canara Public Conveyance Company in 1914 in Dakshina Kannada. It was popularly known as CPC Logistics, and in a few years, expanded to a fleet of buses covering South Kanara, North Kanara, Mercara and parts of Kerala. The first overnight bus journey was started by CPC to Bangalore in the 1960s.A 1951 picture of the Bangalore Transport Company bus stand on KH Road shows few buses and fewer passengers. BTC was founded in 1940 as a joint stock company which operated buses between City and Cantonment areas. The buses were produced at a workshop in Hubli. Today, the city's largest Traffic and Transit Management Centre which cost Rs108.50 crore, and the BMTC office stand here.It may sound completely desi, but Sri Banashankari bus was not made in India. It was a Bedford model with the body built by Brond Ford Coach Body Limited in Canada. This typical red bus operated between Banashankari and Savadatti in Bijapur since 1947, hence it was named Banashankari. It was fitted with a Pekins P6 engine and was later a property of the Mysore Government Road Transport Department.The Kempe Gowda bus station was built on the Dharmambudi tank bed in the 1960s. The bus station was the first big connecting bus terminal in the state, where BTC and KSRTC's long distance inter-city buses operated from. BTC buses plied to Malleswaram, Basavangudi, Ulsoor, Cantonment, Pete, Kalasipalyam, Majestic, Koramangala and Hebbal.7. Its has been 15 years since, Bangalore or even the state saw such a massive halt of transportation, due to striking employees of KSRTC. This was one of the massive road blocks at Hudson Circle by agitating employees in 1970. Their main issues were the absence of autonomy in recruitment, higher staff cost and misunderstandings between the management and the employees unions. This also pushed the corporation into a turbulent state when it was undergoing huge losses.8. KSRTC bagged UITP Public TransportX2 award on April 13, 2011 at Dubai for its project titled 'Transporting Karnataka towards Prosperity' under the category of Political Commitment award. This award was received by R Ashoka, home and transport minister and chairman of KSRTC. Alan Flaush, president of UITP, Brussels conferred this award during the 59th UITP World Ocngress and Exhibition, having 155 applications from 43 countries worldwide for this section.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15084577", "title": "Trouble brewing at Maruti\u2019s Gurgaon plant too?", "text": "GURGAON: Even as operations at Maruti's Manesar plant have been halted, the auto-maker's Gurgaon plant continues to function normally. However, some friction between the workforce and the management is palpable here too, say sources.General secretary of Maruti Udyog Kamgar Union (MUKU), Kuldeep Janghu, says that some workers have been pressing for an all-out strike, in solidarity with their colleagues from Manesar, 91 of whom have been arrested.\"The union is under intense pressure. Friends and relatives of Manesar workers feel that operations should be halted and workers should go on a strike against the management. Many of them live in the same villages as their Manesar counterparts. But the union has made its stand clear. Work will continue,\" Janghu said.Meanwhile, representatives of local trade and employee unions are demanding an independent probe into Wednesday's unrest, which claimed the life of one of the general managers of the plant and left dozens of other senior management officials critically injured. They say that Haryana police's special investigation team is not likely to treat this issue impartially.\"Investigators need to look at the overall context. I don't think that one suspension led to such mob fury. Maybe there was some sort of provocation. It needs to be analyzed very carefully, and we firmly feel that no innocents should be detained,\" said Harjeet S Grover, general secretary, Honda Motor Cycle and Scooter India Employees Union.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15085652", "title": "Traffic to be diverted on Old Mahabalipuram Road for Olympic awareness run", "text": "CHENNAI: Traffic will be not allowed on the stretch of Rajiv Gandhi Salai ( Old Mahabalipuram Road) from Tidel Park to Madhya Kailash from 6am on Sunday due to an Olympic awareness run. Traffic will resume after the event is over. There will be no change in the movement of traffic from Madhya Kailash towards Tidel Park.A traffic police press release said that under the arrangement, vehicles will not be allowed to proceed from Tidel Park towards Madhya Kailash on Rajiv Gandhi Salai. They will be diverted at the Tidel Park junction via West Avenue, LB Road and Sardar Patel Road to reach Madhya Kailash Junction.Vehicles coming from Thiruvalluvar Salai and Thiruvanmiyur junction and intending to go towards Madhya Kailash Junction via Rajiv Gandhi Salai will also be diverted via LB Road and Sardar Patel Road to reach Madhya Kailash Junction.Vehicles intending to go from Thiruvalluvar Salai towards SRP Tools Junction on Rajiv Gandhi Salai will be diverted at Thiruvanmiyur junction towards LB Road and go via LB Road and Kamarajar Avenue to reach SRP Tools Junction. Police personnel have requested the motorists to co-operate for the temporary modification.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15090807", "title": "Munisha\u2019s dil toh baccha hai ji!", "text": "Actress and tarot card reader Munisha Khatwani, who was last seen in Star Plus' Survivor India battling it out with 21 contestants to win the coveted title, may come across as a tough girl but in real life she is a child at heart.Munisha is very fond of playing puzzles, games and spending time with kids. The actress is quite popular among kids in her building. She plays with them whenever she gets time. Munisha says, \"Kids are very positive so I enjoy their company. The joy on their face has no substitute. I feel great when I solve puzzles with them. Kids have a pure heart and they are a reflection of God.\" Well, Munisha we surely agree with you, kids are special enough to make anyone identify the child within.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "15083435", "title": "1 dead, 2 injured after militants fire at a market in Meghalaya", "text": "SHILLONG: One person was killed and two people suffered bullet injury today when suspected militants opened fire at a market in East Garo Hills district of Meghalaya.A group of heavily armed cadre of Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) fired indiscriminately in a small market near Williamnagar district headquarters at about 7 pm, the police said.The incident came in the wake of police intensifying operations against the militants in the jungles, sources said.In a separate incident, militants shot dead two persons who were allegedly extorting money in the district.The bodies were found from the side of a road with a note left near the body, the police said.Last Friday, an assistant teacher at the MP Secondary School, Resubelpara, was shot dead on suspicion that he was a police informer.The outfit , which is led by a police deserter, Champion R Sangma, had also carried out a number of kidnappings and extortions from government officials and businessmen in the area besides killing security personnel and labourers, in the three districts of Garo hills and including West Khasi Hills district, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15084992", "title": "Cabbies threat indefinite protest", "text": "BANGALORE: Demanding immediate cancellation of the levying of lifetime tax for cars costing more than Rs 10 lakh, around 500 cab drivers and owners belonging to different associations held a token protest by parking their vehicles between 8am and 4pm at Freedom Park on Saturday.Recently, the government decided to levy 15% tax on those cars costing more than Rs 10 lakh. Travel agencies and car outsourcing units had strongly opposed the proposal. MP Ramesh, president, Bangalore Tourist Taxi Owners Association told STOI that transport department officials will meeting them next Tuesday. \"The transport commissioner has agreed to meet us and find a solution. If not, we'll start an indefinite strike across the state from Tuesday,\" he told STOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "hambantota", "code": "15093610", "title": "Nuwan Kulasekara ruled out of ODI series against India", "text": "HAMBANTOTA: Sri Lankan paceman Nuwan Kulasekara has been ruled out of the ongoing five-match ODI series against India after injuring his groin while attempting a catch during the series-opener, here.Sri Lankan skipper Mahela Jayawardene said they do not know the extent of his injury.\"Nuwan is out of the series. He has got a groin injury. We cannot get a scan here. Once we get back to Colombo, we will get a scan done and see the extent of the injury and how long he will have to be out,\" Jayawardene said.Kulasekara suffered the injury when he went for a catch, offered by Virender Sehwag , in the 11th over.Kulasekara, who was fielding at mid-off, dived to pouch the mistimed shot by the Indian, but his effort did not help his side as TV replays could not suggest if the catch was taken cleanly.Sehwag, who went on to make 96, was on 24 at that time. Kulasekara did not bowl after the incident. He bowled five overs and took the wicket of Gautam Gambhir.Jayawardene said the replacement will be discussed soon. \"We will talk to the selectors. The A team guys probably would have arrived today in Sri Lanka. There was a selector on that tour, so we will get some advice from him, who was in good form and try and come up with a replacement,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15086596", "title": "Delhi Haat invites weavers of Varanasi", "text": "VARANASI: For participating in 'Benaras Weaves' Haat which will be held at Delhi Haat, New Delhi from October 16 to October 31, assistant director, Handloom and Textiles, KP Verma has invited applications from weavers of the city before August 14.According to Verma, around 162 stalls will be displayed on the occasion. There will be 30 stalls of weavers who have received Sant Kabir award or any other award from state or national government, 30 stalls will be for weavers from 11 handloom clusters, primary handloom cooperative society will be given 32 stalls, while 70 stalls will be representing simple weavers who have an identity card or other related document. Applications along with necessary certificates will be received at Weavers Service Centre (WSC) till August 14 which will be followed by a draw in each category under the supervision of a special committee formed for this purpose on August 27, Verma added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15086644", "title": "Shedding that extra flab", "text": "HUBLI: Obesity is a growing problem among urbanites, with sedentary lifestyle, improper diet and lack of physical exercise majorly contributing to the pandemic. Given the fact that obesity is the root cause of various diseases and disorders like diabetes , hypertension and heart ailments, many have realized the importance of treating obesity through a scientific approach which involves a mix of proper diet, exercises and the right use of healthcare technology.As aerobic exercise is a time-tested, result oriented treatment option for obesity, one can see walkers and joggers hitting the streets in the mornings in Hubli and Dharwad. Places like Glass House, Nrupatunga Betta, Unkal lake, Airport road, Gokul road, Nehru ground, gardens in Hubli and KC park, DC compound, RN Shetty stadium in Dharwad are teeming with people trying to shed that extra flab on their abdomen and chin to look and feel fit and healthy.According to National Family Health Survey, over 25% urbanites in the country are obese. According to dieticians in Hubli, out of 100 people who approach them, nearly 35 suffer from obesity related problems, and majority of them are women.And clinics are equipping themselves with hi-tech machines offering obesity treatment to patients. Betacon hospital in Keshwapur has set up a separate obesity clinic and also installed a hi-tech and advanced i-Lipo machine, which was brought from London , for quick and effective weight loss.Explaining the treatment module using i-Lipo machine, Pramod Hiremath, diabetologist, Betacon hospital told STOI that compared to surgical liposuction, ultrasound or laser technology, the new i-Lipo technology is more comfortable, safe and there are no known side effects. Moreover it is clinically proven and painless. i-Lipo is a fat burning FDA approved technology that shrinks fat cells without damaging them or surrounding tissues. Fat will be mobilized and eliminated from the body using the body's natural process. A remarkable reduction is seen in fatty areas such as arms, legs, thigs, tummy, etc, he said.The standard treatment protocol is eight treatments per desired area and the fees per sitting are around Rs 1,500-2,000. Chandramati Rokhade, dietician, SDM Medical College, Hubli said, obesity related problems are rising fast in the city. Habit of eating junk food, oily and fried food, and modern sedentary lifestyle are the major factors contributing to the problem. \"On an average, 15 to 20 people with different obesity problems come here. Regular exercise and a fiber-rich, low-fat diet will help in keeping one's body weight under control,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "tumkur", "code": "15086662", "title": "Hubli: A tale of 3 borewells and a suicide", "text": "TUMKUR: Like any father all that Balappa, 55, a farmer of Kuntanahatti village in Sira taluk, wanted was a secure future for his children. Balappa had dreams of growing coconut and arecanut. With monsoon playing truant, his dream seemed unlikely to materialize. Not one to be deterred, he decided to sink a borewell. The first one failed. So did the second.He then dug a third one. When it, too, failed to yield any water, a dejected Balappa committed suicide leaving his family with a debt of over Rs 2 lakh and three acres of dry land. Balappa's grieving wife Muddamma and five children, two sons and three daughters, are now saddled with a loan they have no idea how to clear. Along with growing groundnut on his land, Balappa's family also reared sheep. He got three of his daughters married. His sons, Kariyappa and Rajanna, used to help him rear the 50 sheep the family owns.The income was insufficient to run his household. Balappa's concern was the marriage prospectus of his two sons and their future. Against the advice of family and friends, he decided to irrigate his farm, but failed as the groundwater table in the entire region has depleted.Muddamma told STOI: \"It was his dream to irrigate our dry land. We advised him against drilling a borewell. He was adamant. After the first one, we begged him not to try again. He wanted to secure our children's future and thought arecaunut and coconut would help in the long run. We haven't received proper rain for the past four years. There is no fodder for our sheep.'' Balappa's elder son Kariyappa said: ``It would have helped if we had purchased some more sheep than drilling borewells.''Sira taluk has been reeling under drought for the past three years. Water is not available even at 1,200 or 1,500 ft. And to make matters worse, the taluk has no permanent source for drinking water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "hambantota", "code": "15090511", "title": "India fined for slow over-rate in first ODI", "text": "HAMBANTOTA: Indian captain Mahendra Singh Doni was fined 20 per cent of his match fee while his teammates were docked 10 per cent of their earnings for maintaining a slow over-rate during the first ODI against Sri Lanka.\"India captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni and the India team have been fined for maintaining a slow over-rate during its 21-run victory against Sri Lanka in the first one-day international held in Hambantota on Saturday,\" the ICC said in a statement.The India side was ruled to be an over short of its target when time allowances were taken into consideration. Match referee Chris Broad imposed a 20 per cent fine on Dhoni while each of his player received 10-per-cent-fines.\"The offence is contrary to Article 2.5.1 of the code which relates to minor over-rate offences. The finding and penalty were imposed following a full disciplinary hearing,\" the statement said.India won the first match by 21 runs on Saturday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15093372", "title": "Government has neglected nursing sector", "text": "MANGALORE: Crores of rupees have been spent for the development of health sector but still there are many health related issues and there is a huge shortage of nurses across the world.In an interview with TOI Academy for Nursing Studies and Women's Empowerment Research Studies (Hyderabad) director M Prakasamma revealed many health issues.Why cesarean operations have been increasing in India?Cesarean operation is bad for health. Though deliveries can be performed through normal procedure, most of the private hospitals are unnecessarily performing cesarean operation to earn more money. Nowadays a bad practice has been mounting in India, family members of pregnant women prefer cesarean operation, prior to the expected delivery date as they believe that babies born in some auspicious time according to the horoscope will bring luck to their family.Is the number of maternal deaths increasing?Compared to early years maternal deaths has decreased little bit but it has to come down more. Out of every one lakh pregnant women 200 women are dying due to maternal related problems. There is a shortage of medical staffs and many hospitals lacks facilities, like bad labour rooms.What are the problems nursing sector is facing?Though there are many nursing colleges, nearly 30 lakh-qualified nurses are required in India. Compared to the global standards there is huge gap between Indian and foreign nurses. Unfortunately in Bihar the first nursing college was opened recently. There is lack of good quality nursing teaching faculties.Why there are so many problems in nursing sector?Government has neglected nursing sector. Our country has not exercised and planned properly to fill up the vacant nursing posts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15084644", "title": "Woman kills self by jumping off 10th floor", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 35-year-old woman committed suicide by jumping off the tenth floor of a building in Bapunagar on Saturday evening.According to Shaherkotda police officials, residents and shop owners of Shyam Shikhar complex near Diamond Market heard a commotion in the parking at 6.45 pm on Saturday and rushed to the spot where they found a woman. A team of EMRI 108 was called upon the spot but before she could be given treatment, she succumbed to injuries.\"During our investigation, we came to know that the victim was Jayshree Dhanecha and a resident of Vastrapur. She had come to a mobile phone shop with a friend in the afternoon and since then was spotted in the area by many local residents,\" said a police official. \"Nobody had seen her inside the building. We got to know that she had married for a second time six months ago and had a one-year-old girl.\"Investigators said that they do not know the reason for her suicide so far. \"We have called upon her husband and relatives to know more about her and whether she had any relatives or acquaintances in the area that prompted her visit,\" said the official.Investigators added that the complex, being one of the tallest buildings in the area, has turned into a suicide hotspot as every year two to three incidents of suicides are reported from there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15084648", "title": "Show bill, buy LEDs at half price from tomorrow", "text": "NEW DELHI: Energy efficient but toxic compact fluorescent lamps (CFLs) now have competition in the city. The government is promoting LED ( light emitting diode ) lights that are not only more efficient than CFLs but also safe to dispose of as they do not contain mercury. So far, high prices have kept LED lights from becoming popular (they cost nearly five times more than CFLs) but the government is considering tax breaks to make them cheaper.Chief minister Sheila Dikshit says promoting LEDs, which use a tenth of the power used by incandescent bulbs, has become important in the light of skyrocketing power demand. Delhi's power demand has risen from 2,000 MW in the year 2000 to 5,600 MW at present.\"We would like to promote LED bulbs by granting some concession in VAT. Further, the government will shift from ordinary or CFL lighting to LED lighting for streets in the entire city and also in all government offices,\" says the CM.Although they last about five times longer than CFLs, LEDs cost 8-10 times more. In a scheme open to all Delhiites, the discom BSES will sell LEDs at a 50% discount, starting at Rs 399 for a 7W light.Monday onwards, customers can visit BRPL's customer care centres, show a copy of their electricity bill and purchase up to four LEDs at a time. The lights will come with a three-year replacement warranty.\"LED bulbs and tube lights will fit perfectly in existing sockets. When compared to a CFL, they use 50% less electricity, contain no arsenic and mercury, and are unbreakable. They also have a significantly longer life span than both CFLs and incandescent bulbs. A 7W LED bulb consumes 50% less electricity than an equivalent CFL and 85% less than an equivalent incandescent bulb. The annual cost of running a 7W LED bulb is just Rs 150 against Rs 271 for a CFL and Rs 612 for an incandescent lamp,\" said a discom representative.However, LEDs come with their own set of problems. Experts point to studies that have found high levels of copper, nickel and lead in them.\"The government went all out to promote CFLs a few years back without giving a thought to the consequent problems of safe disposal. We should not end up with similar issues with LEDs. Problems have also been raised with the efficiency of LEDs for home lighting. Research has indicated that LEDs function most efficiently at low currents. For home lighting, the current is higher. That means the same amount of light for a higher current, leading to less efficiency,\" an expert told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15085448", "title": "When Hitler awarded Amravati pehelwans", "text": "MUMBAI: Days before the Olympic Games get under way in London on July 27, the town of Amravati is dusting off picture albums and turning out old trunks that hold the relics of an earlier Olympiad. A moment frozen in time when the athletes of a local vyayamshala (gymnasium) impressed Adolf Hitler with their skill.The year was 1936. The Summer Olympics that year were being held in Hitler's Germany. An official contingent from India was participating as a colony of British India. As it turned out, this was when hockey legend Dhyanchand and his team won an Olympic gold. It was also the year Jesse Owens created history.But what impressed the Fuhrer was an independent team from the modest Hanuman Vyayam Prasarak Mandal in Amravati. Carrying a saffron flag, the lithe athletes showed off a selection of the finest ethnic martial arts from malkhamb to wrestling. Chancellor Hitler granted the pehelwans a personal audience and conferred upon them a special medal bearing his signature that their descendants have to this day.The saga began when Dr Siddhanath Kane, a doctor from Amravati on the executive committee of the fledgling Indian Olympic Association (IOA), decided to lead a 35-member troupe from the local gymnasium to showcase Indian martial arts at the Berlin Olympics. Copious correspondence followed with chief organizer Carl Diem, and the pehelwans received clearance to participate.At every step of the way, the nationalists were faced with symbols of India's subjugation, and at every step they asserted their independence. \"During the inaugural route march, the official Indian team was carrying the Union Jack, given that it was participating as a British colony. Our troupe, walking a few metres behind, proudly held aloft the traditional saffron flag,\" says Padmakar Kane, son of Siddhanath Kane. The 80-year-old educationist has pictures of his father's team participating in the parade wearing ethnic costumes, including the pheta (turban).Early in the tournament, the host nation organized a grand banquet in honour of the visiting teams, where the national song of every country was played. \"Individual teams rose to their feet and remained standing for the duration of their song. Yet again our self-respect was challenged, as the Indian contingent stood up to the British anthem,\" says Kane.The Hanuman Mandal team members remained in their seats, prompting curious glances from German officials. \"German education minister Bernhard Rust asked my father why their group did not rise. He replied that they considered Vande Mataram their anthem. Rust asked if they were carrying a recording with them, they said yes. That evening, Vande Mataram was played at the Olympic banquet ceremony,\" says Kane.A few days later, called into action, the Hanuman brigade displayed its finest acrobatic moves at malkhamb exercises done with poles and ropes, push-ups, martial arts, even the traditional lezim dance. Newspapers across Germany and Europe splashed articles about the performance.Word soon reached Hitler, who invited the team over for an interview. \"He spoke to the members for around 20 minutes and curiously asked if most Indian men were well-built like the athletes from Amravati. They wickedly nodded in agreement,\" laughs Kane. The troupe returned to a hero's welcome.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15085494", "title": "Local filmmakers to get Rs 3cr from Entertainment Society of Goa", "text": "PANAJI: With the government increasing the Entertainment Society of Goa (ESG) budget, a provision of 3cr has been made by the ESG as part of its budget for 2012-13 for film finance for local film makers.The federation of film fraternity of Goa (FFFG) has welcomed the decision by the general body of ESG which passed the total budget of 34.86 cr.Dyaneshwar Govekar, filmmaker and acting president of the FFFG, hoped \"that the ESG under the chairmanship of chief minister Manohar Parrikar will lay emphasis on development of the local film fraternity.\"\"Local film makers hope that the implementation of the scheme will be done effectively,\" added Govekar.The FFFG has also welcomed the decision of the general body to withdraw its role from organization of the Short Film Centre (SFC) during the International Film Festival of India.\"We urge the chief minister to organize the short film centre as an independent activity and not to merge the same with IFFI,\" stated Govekar.\"FFFG is happy that till date most of our demands are met with the recent decision of ESG of withdrawal from SFC. Earlier the T-20 Section of Indian cinema and the war and peace section were removed by ESG after FFFG had opposed the same,\" he added.The federation also felt the ESG should start the process of streamlining the Indian Premier section, which is managed by ESG during IFFI. \"The governing body should immediately take up the exercise of framing proper guidelines for the same,\" urged Govekar.All film related activities of the government should be routed through the ESG, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15085416", "title": "Tea estates seek govt aid to set up hydel plants", "text": "KOLKATA: The tea industry is eagerly looking forward to government support for installing mini hydro power plants in estates to help them curtail the cost of production. Many tea gardens have already started generating hydel power.State power department secretary Moloy Dey said the department has received proposal from some tea gardens in Darjeeling for installing hydro power plants. \"The proposals are being looked into,\" he said.Darjeeling Tea Association (DTA) officials said they have received around 11 to 12 proposals from garden owners. These proposals have been submitted to the ministry of new and renewable energy (MNRE).Sanjay Bansal, the chairman of Ambootia Gardens, said some gardens have had small hydel power plants since the British era. But these run on micro hydro turbine and need to be upgraded.The DTA said there are around 60 water heads in the Darjeeling gardens while there are around 87 tea gardens in Darjeeling now.\"We have a small hydel project in Ambootia tea estate, which we have upgraded recently. Installing a hydel power plant is an expensive proposition. We spent around Rs 2 crore for installing a power plant with a generation capacity of 100 kw,\" Bansal said.Industry stakeholders rued the fact that the government is not very proactive with their subsidy scheme for tea gardens. They underlined that some help from the government could have helped them install mini hydro power plants in their estates. Moreover, these projects do not need any land as they are executed within the tea estates for captive consumption. They only need to inform the DM's office. Industry players are now consulting experts to know more about the technical know-how of the hydel power plants.D P Maheshwari, managing director of the BK Birla-group's Jay Shree tea company, said only one of the company's six gardens in Darjeeling has the scope to house such a hydel plant. The company will explore its possibility.By using this renewable energy, tea gardens can curtail their cost of production. Uninterrupted power supply is a genuine problem in that zone and the gardens entail huge expenses when they run operations on diesel. All these costs add to tea prices. These generating units could help cut production costs by 5-6%.Goodricke Group managing director A N Singh elaborated that since the availability of water in the gardens is limited to only five to six months, the time period to enjoy returns from hydel power plants is long. Industry players are eagerly looking to the government for help in installing hydel power plants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15089552", "title": "Civil servants may not be able to fight polls just after quitting jobs", "text": "NEW DELHI: A move may be in the offing to bar civil servants, including top police officials, from jumping into the electoral fray immediately after they exit government service.The government may prescribe a \"cooling off\" period to such civil servants under a proposal of the Legislative department through an amendment in the service rules, than in the electoral law.Concerned over a number of \"senior civil servants\" jumping into the poll fray, the Election Commission had earlier this year asked the government to bring in a \"cooling off period\" clause between leaving the government job and joining a political party by these officials which include those from the IAS, IPS and other Class 'A' services.The EC had asked the Department of Personnel and Training (DoPT) to suggest a \"suitable\" cooling off period for these officials so that they remain impartial during their tenure and take decisions with integrity while they serve.\"It is stated that once a person in government service demits office by virtue of any reason whatsoever, he becomes an ordinary man and therefore, we may not treat them unequally.\"Also, by putting any provision in the Representation of the People Act, 1951 (with regard to cooling off period) debarring the retired government servant from contesting elections and thereby curtailing their statutory right seems an arbitrary provision. Therefore, the Legislative Department is of the view that the remedy lies in making provision in the relevant service rules and not amendment in the election laws,\" the department said in a communication to the DoPT.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15084110", "title": "Governor seeks report on Nagri land imbroglio", "text": "RANCHI: Taking note of the violent protest at Nagri, where the villagers are up in arms against the government move to acquire land for setting up an educational hub, governor Syed Ahmed summoned senior government officials to explain the ground reality. Though the Raj Bhavan has not issued any direction in the matter, sources said the governor was waiting for a logical solution of the imbroglio.Deputy secretary to the governor Deepankar Panda said IG (Ranchi zone) Rezi Dungdung, on behalf of the state administration, explained to Ahmed on Saturday the law and order situation along with details of processes adopted for land acquisition.A government-appointment committee led by land and revenue minister Mathura Prasad Mahato convened an open house to hear the grievances of villagers and was preparing its report to submit to the Jharkhand high court by July 31.The Jharkhand assembly committee on the district council and panchayati raj, under the chairmanship of Vinod Singh, has also sought a report on the situation at ground zero at Nagri. The second meeting of the panel is to take place shortly. He said a report was sought from the district administration to explain the process adopted in land acquisition, number and amount of compensation given, number of people facing displacement and the exact status and nature of land.Sources said the committee was convinced that the plot on which the educational hub was proposed was purely agricultural land. More than 70% of the land was under cultivation till recently and the government had collected land revenue from the plots till 2008. \"There is no denial of the fact that majority of the plot on which the construction is to come up is fertile agricultural land and whatever acquisition was done remained confined to papers,\" Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "15096251", "title": "Skill Development Council to help youths find employment: Arunachal CM", "text": "ITANAGAR: Arunachal Pradesh chief minister Nabam Tuki said the Skill Development Council (SDC) has been formed with an objective to equip unemployed youths, particularly school dropouts, with skills that would hel them find employment as well as foster self-employment.Holding a discussion on the newly formulated SDC at his office chamber recently, Tuki said the government alone cannot give jobs to unemployed youths and the need of the hour is to promote and facilitate means of self-employment by imparting productive skills to youngsters, officials said. \"The responsibility placed on SDC is huge and it can be fulfilled only through proper brainstorming, constructive inputs and coordination between all departments as well as private sector companies,\" Tuki said.The department of industries informed that a Skill Development Mission has been in place since 2009 and registered as a society. It oversees the functioning of six industrial training institutes (ITIs) across the state, of which one is run privately by Jaypee Group. These, along with two polytechnics, are at the moment the only sources for imparting skills to the youths. However, in the last six years the ITIs could churn out only 961 skilled youths, which is much less than their actual capacity.The chief minister called for retrospection and said that at least 6,000 youths should have been trained in these institutes in the last six years. However, he said, it was never too late and urged the departments concerned to coordinate and make optimum use of these institutes. Further, he invited suggestions from all stakeholders to formulate and finalize a road map for success of the SDC, the sources added.The meeting was attended by industries minister Tapang Taloh, education minister Bosiram Siram, social welfare minister N Tingkhatra, parliamentary secretaries T Taiju and J K Panggeng and MLA Techi Kaso, besides government officials and representatives from NEEPCO, NHPC, R G G Polytechnic and NGOs working in human resource development.The ministers raised concerns over the information with all of them admitting that awareness must be generated amongst the masses about these it is. The added that offering productive trades like tea and rubber cultivation would also facilitate gainful employment to the pass-outs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15085976", "title": "Two constables suspended for negligence in Sassoon hospital escape case", "text": "PUNE: The Pune police on Friday night suspended two policemen for their alleged negligence that led to the escape of drug-peddler Kishore Madhukar Londhe from Sassoon General Hospital onFriday morning.Londhe was re-arrested by the Bibvewadi police on Friday evening.The suspended constables, Amol Jamdade and Raju Kadam, are attached to Bibvewadi police station.Speaking to TOI, deputy commissioner of police (zone II) Ramnath Pokale on Saturday said, \"I have suspended the cops from service after a preliminary inquiry conducted by inspector (crime) Sanjay Nikam of the Bundgarden police revealed there was negligence on their part at the time of the incident.\"According to Pokale, \"The policemen in their statements admitted that one of them went to the washroom, while the other was asleep. The guard should have woken up his colleague before going to the toilet and the other guard should have not gone to sleep. The policemen's act shows they were negligent.\"Pokale said assistant commissioner of police (Cantonment division) Mohammad Makandar will conduct a departmental inquiry against the policemen to determine their negligence and that guidelines meant to deal with criminals will be re-issued to police stations under his zone.The 24-year-old resident of Shelkevasti in Bibvewadi was first arrested by Pune crime branch on July 16 and had seized ganja from him. Londhe was admitted to Sassoon after he complained of chest pain.Jamdade and Kadam were deployed at the hospital to guard Londhe. On Friday, around 6am, one of the guards went to the toilet, while the other was sleeping. Before going to the toilet, the guard had handcuffed Londhe to the bed. However, Londhe was so frail that he easily managed to free his hand from the handcuffs and escaped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15094183", "title": "Saturn's largest moon Titan is earth-like: Astronomers", "text": "LONDON: Titan, Saturn's largest moon is \"a weirdly Earth-like place\" when it comes to geology, astronomers have claimed.Titan boasts landscapes shaped by the flow of rivers, though they are rivers of liquid methane, not of water.And, like Earth, the surface of Titan is surprisingly free of craters, implying that geological activity is constantly reshaping the moon, as also happens here.\"It's a weirdly Earth-like place,\" Taylor Perron, assistant professor of geology at MIT said, \"even with this exotic combination of materials and temperatures.\"The icy landscape of Titan was first discovered by Earth-bound researchers in 2004, when the Cassini-Huygens spacecraft which orbits Saturn first broke through the moon's atmosphere, the Daily Mail reported.Scientists had previously been unable to see the amazing rivers which carve out channels in the moon's surface, as its atmosphere is so thick with methane and nitrogen that the landscape is not visible from Earth.Intrigued by the discovery of the methane rivers, researchers from MIT and the University of Tennessee at Knoxville wanted to investigate the history of Titan's geology.However, despite the visible river networks, the astronomers found less erosion than they had expected, given that Titan has been orbiting Saturn for four billion years.Similarly, when they looked for craters which could have been caused by meteorites, there were far fewer than on most other moons in the solar system.In fact, the number of craters was more reminiscent to the situation on Earth, where plate tectonics and volcanic explosions have covered up much of the impact of foreign bodies on the planet.\"Earth's continents are always eroding or being covered with sediment,\" Perron said.\"That may be the case on Titan, too,\" he added. Discovering which factors were responsible for shaping Titan's landscape could be a challenge, as the satellite images do not give a good impression of the ups and downs of the moon's terrain.Despite the challenges, Perron said he expected the similarities between Titan and Earth would give scientists an ongoing insight into how the moon's surface has changed over millennia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15084413", "title": "Water supply cut may continue next month", "text": "MUMBAI: With no improvement in lake levels, civic officials fear that they may have to continue with the cut in water supply next month as well.According to the BMC's data, rainfall in the catchment areas, where the six lakes supplying water to the city are situated, has been scarce as a result of which, there has been no drastic change in the levels of water in the lakes. A senior official of the hydraulics department said, \"The catchment areas have not witnessed persistent rainfall. If this continues, we will have to extend water cuts. Until yesterday, the catchment areas hardly received any rainfall.\" which is a major cause for concern.\"The civic body data states on Saturday, Bhatsa, the largest supplier of water to Mumbai, received a mere 4mm of rainfall, while Tansa and Vihar received 4.4mm and 3.2mm rainfall. Water levels in most lakes have hardly increased. The level of Modak Sagar, which stood at 157mm till Friday, rose to 159mm, but there was no rise in the levels of Tansa and Vihar. But Upper Vaitarna lake, where the water level had been below the minimum level of 595mm, received 13mm of rainfall, following which its level rose to 595.74mm on Saturday.It can now supply 7,440 million litre useable water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15086812", "title": "Two students commit suicide", "text": "MANGALORE: Two students allegedly committed suicide in Kavoor police station limits. Dhanush, 20, son of Mainda Poojari, committed suicide by hanging himself from a ceiling fan on Friday. Police said Dhanush, an ITI student, in his suicide note, wrote that he took the extreme step as he failed in the ITI exams. He also mentioned about his depression following ill health.In another incident, Bindiya, 21, hanged herself from a ceiling fan in her house on Friday. Bindiya's parents saw her hanging from a window of the room and broke open the door. She was rushed to a hospital but she was declared dead on arrival. Police said the reason behind Bindiya's suicide is not yet known but she failed in her final year B.Com exams. She is a resident of Gandhinagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "15085350", "title": "Arambol gets ready to tackle natural calamities", "text": "MAPUSA: Arambol village panchayat has become the \"first panchayat\" in the country to have its own disaster management plan.Panchayat minister Laxmikant Parsekar along with North Goa collector Mihir Vardhan and Pune-based Saritsa foundation's chairman, colonel N M Verma, director of Goa institute of management P F X D'Lima and others unveiled the 'disaster management plan for the village panchayat of Arambol' at a function organized in Arambol on Saturday.As per the Disaster Management Act, 2005, it was made mandatory to have the district level disaster management plan, taluka and zilla panchayat level disaster management plan and panchayat level disaster management plan across the country.\"The district level disaster management plan is notified and will be ready soon, taluka and zilla panchayat level disaster management plans are ready and we are in the process of having panchayat disaster management plan for all the panchayats,\" said North Goa collector Mihir Vardhan.Saritsa foundation and Goa institute of management provided inputs in formulation of the disaster management plan for the Arambol panchayat to the North Goa disaster management authority. Saritsa is a registered NGO with a mission of protection and defending common people from strikes of killer manmade and natural disasters by education, training and inspiration. Director of Goa institute of management (GIM), P F X D'Lima, said that, \"Arambol village panchayat is the first village panchayat in the country to have its disaster management plan\".\"GIM participated in the formulation of the plan and we are proud of it, other panchayats should follow it,\" he added. Panchayat minister and local MLA Laxmikant Parsekar congratulated the panchayat for having its own disaster management plan.\"Arambol village was in need of a disaster management plan as it is situated on the coastline,\" Parsekar said.Parsekar also recalled the incident of a major fire to shacks on the beach and a major fire at the cashew plantation resulting in loss of more than 1 crore to poor farmers, earlier this year.He said that the disaster management plan will help locals to tackle such disasters in future.Parsekar urged the people to get trained in disaster management and rectify the past mistakes they committed in fighting the calamities.The disaster management plan for the village has important phone numbers, emergency services contacts, includes inputs on how to use the local resources in cases of catastrophe, mishap, calamity or grave occurrence arising from natural or manmade causes.The chairman of the Saritsa foundation, colonel N M Verma said that the plan is people-centred and shows how to use the local resources to protect themselves in case of calamities by developing skills and getting trained.On the occasion, an Emergency Siren Warning System was also installed at the Arambol village panchayat.A two-day training-cum-workshop on community participation in disaster management organized by North Goa disaster management authority in collaboration with the Saritsa foundations was also inaugurated on the occasion.A number of government agencies and departments like health, fire, PWD, panchayat, electricity, police will be participating in the workshop. The locals and the students will be trained to use the local resources to fight the calamities.The participants will be trained on what to do during time of disasters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15085488", "title": "40 from Chennai stranded on highway", "text": "CHENNAI: Around 40 passengers from Chennai to Coimbatore were stranded on a highway near Vellore in the wee hours of Saturday after their bus broke down and the driver-conductor duo left them on the road to get another vehicle.A bus belonging to Kallada Travels left Chennai at 11pm. At 4am, the bus was at Virinjipuram, 2km beyond Vellore, when the vehicle broke down. \"Throughout the journey, smoke kept emanating from the engine. But when it went out of control, we told the driver to stop,\" said a passenger Seena Thevar.Soon, the driver and conductor left to get another bus. \"For more than two hours, we were waiting. They came back at 6.30am,\" said another passenger, Charles Pradeep, who was to attend a memorial service in Coimbatore. \"With the police help, we are trying to get compensation,\" said Pradeep.\"I don't know about the condition of the bus or the driver,\" said Joseph, operations manager of Kallada Travels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15090310", "title": "Allari Naresh\u2019s new movie is Kevvu Keka", "text": "'Comedy King' Allari Naresh's new movie is titled \"Kevvu Keka\". This film would be directed by Devi Prasad, who earlier directed Allari Naresh's \"Blade Babji\". Producer Boppanna Chandrasekhar, who earlier produced \"Kulu Manali\", is bringing back this combination under Jhanavi Productions.Kevvu Keka film would be formally launched on July 25 at a private studio in Hyderabad and the female lead of the film is yet to be announced.We all know how popular was the number 'Kevvu Keka' from power star Pawan Kalyan's Gabbar Singh. Looks like the makers are now trying to cash in on the song's popularity. Moreover, Allari Naresh's films always boast of funny and interesting titles and Kevvu Keka is yet another film to add to the list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15084993", "title": "Need to give farmers an alternative to Bt Cotton: Maharashtra", "text": "NAGPUR: Bt cotton may have taken almost 99% area under cotton cultivation in Maharashtra but, looking at the diminishing profit margins, the state government is planning to evolve other options to the genetically modified variety of the crop. The government feels it will reduce cultivation cost and increase profitability and sustainability of the crop for the farmer.State agriculture minister Radhakrishan Vikhe-Patil has asked agriculture universities to develop alternatives to Bt cotton to make cotton a more profitable venture for farmers. But it will be sometime before the state agriculture universities (SAUs) come up with varieties that can compete with Bt cotton. Both, the Akola-based Panjabrao Deshmukh Krishi Vidyapeeth (PDKV) and the Rahuri-based Mahatma Phule Krishi Vidyapeeth (MPKV) have been working on desi and straight varieties even before Bt cotton came up in 2000.State agriculture commissioner Umakant Dangat told TOI that since the farmers took up Bt cotton the input costs in the form of fertilizers and pesticides have gone up manifold and it is no longer a sustainable crop, especially in the rain-fed or dry-land areas of the state like Vidarbha and Marathwada. \"Despite cultivation of Bt cotton across the state, the productivity, profitability and sustainability of the crop have gone down. Compared to other states, Bt cotton yield continues to be minimum in Maharashtra whereas the cost of cultivation has been rising steadily. In fact, the cost in state is highest in the world. Hence, there is an urgent need to review performance of Bt cotton,\" said Dangat.Emphasizing on alternatives to the genetically modified cotton, the agriculture commissioner said state's universities need to develop more varieties suited to different cotton growing districts. \"The process is a long drawn one and no miracle is expected soon. But that should not deter researchers from working for the benefit of the farmers who suffer huge losses every year due to failure of the crop which is largely dependent on rains.\"Vice chancellor of MPKV, TA More, who is also the acting VC for PDKV, told TOI that though it was only recently that the state government asked the universities to work on alternatives to Bt, they were already working towards developing varieties more suited to local conditions. \"Till date, we only have verbal communication from the state government to develop alternatives. Though no date has been fixed, we will be soon conducting a state-level conference on BT cotton to hold discussions and chalk out newer possibilities,\" said More.Director of Central Institute for Cotton Research (CICR), Keshav Kranthi too admits the need for giving alternatives to farmers which are high yielding, low cost and profitable. \"Entire Maharashta has gone under hybrid cotton which is not a good sign. Our soils are not suited for high input intensive hybrids and so there always have been a need for alternatives which would reduce farmers stress. And it is the job of the public sector to do this,\" said Kranthi.CICR was already working towards developing extra long staple cotton for the region. In the next 2-3 years CICR will come out with good solutions. Already there are certain potential desi cotton varieties which need promotion among farmers.'No complete ban being planned'The state agriculture commissioner Umakant Dangat clarified that the state government was not contemplating a complete ban on Bt cotton. The issue of Mahyco-Monsanto Biotech (MMB) violating the licensing norms to produce seeds was a separate issue which is being looked into specifically by the state government.\"We will not hesitate to take any action against any company which is violating the norms and rules. Agriculture department is the licensing authority in production and sale of seeds. If any company does not abide by the rules law will take its own course of action,\" said Dangat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15093415", "title": "My heart goes out to victims, says Christian Bale", "text": "Christian Bale has expressed his grief for the victims who were killed or injured when someone opened fire during the screening of his movie 'The Dark Knight Rises', in Colorado on Friday morning.The massacre left 12 people dead and dozens injured.\"Words cannot express the horror that I feel. I cannot begin to truly understand the pain and grief of the victims and their loved ones, but my heart goes out to them,\" Bale said in the statement released on Saturday afternoon.Warner Bros. too claimed on Saturday that they would not be reporting box offices numbers for the first weekend of the screenings of the movie.\"Out of respect for the victims and their families, Warner Bros. Pictures will not be reporting box office numbers for 'The Dark Knight Rises' throughout the weekend. Box office numbers will be released on Monday,\" the company said in a statement.Director of the Batman trilogy, Christopher Nolan said that he would like to express \"profound sorrow\" on behalf of the cast and crew about \"the senseless tragedy that has befallen the entire Aurora community.\"\"I believe movies are one of the great American art forms and the shared experience of watching a story unfold on screen is an important and joyful pastime,\" Nolan said.\"The movie theatre is my home, and the idea that someone would violate that innocent and hopeful place in such an unbearably savage way is devastating to me.\"According to Digital Spy Gary Oldman , who stars in the film, also conveyed his \"prayers and deepest sympathies are with the victims of this horrific act, and their families,\" the CBS reported.Warner Bros., the studio, which produced the film, also said it is \"deeply saddened to learn about this shocking incident.\"\"We extend our sincere sympathies to the families and loved ones of the victims at this tragic time,\" they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "mp ganesh has donned several roles in sports. from captain to coach to administrator, ganesh has been there, and done it all. the former indian hockey captain was assistant coach of the indian team which won gold at the 1980 moscow olympics and coached the team which won the 1988 seoul olympics gold. after retiring as a sports authority of india administrator, he's been actively involved in developing rural sports as part of the panchayat yuva khel kud ahbyan, a central government initiative. excerpts of his interview", "code": "15085017", "title": "We need a sports cadre in the civil service: MP Ganesh", "text": "MP Ganesh has donned several roles in sports. From captain to coach to administrator, Ganesh has been there, and done it all. The former Indian hockey captain was assistant coach of the Indian team which won gold at the 1980 Moscow Olympics and coached the team which won the 1988 Seoul Olympics gold. After retiring as a Sports Authority of India administrator, he's been actively involved in developing rural Sports as part of the Panchayat Yuva Khel Kud Ahbyan, a central government initiative. Excerpts of his interview:* What are your thoughts about the Indian hockey team?I want to congratulate coach Michael Nobbs and captain Bharat Chetri for qualifying for the Olympics -- it's very important for its revival. Without India, Olympic hockey is not at all a great event. We've qualified as No. 10. The people in charge shouldn't give false hopes the team is capable of winning a medal. It's very difficult to finish in the top six and if they do it, we'll be invited for test matches and also qualify for the Champions Trophy. At the London Olympics, we should be satisfied with No. 6 position. It's a different ball game -- you have to be very focused and fit, mentally and physically.* Do you see any improvements and grey areas?I watched almost all matches, especially the Sultan Azlan Shah tournament and was impressed with the way we beat England. The only concern is the deep defenders and midfield -- there are big gaps between the forwards and defenders. The midfielders need to co-ordinate well with strikers and defenders.* How did you become an administrator?I wanted to become an administrator to help sportsmen. Sports administration was in a mess. An administrative job is just not giving importance to sportsperson but also how to mould them into having a wider horizon. I thought that was important and joined the Karnataka government and started sports hostels across Karnataka in 1981. That gave us many Olympians in many disciplines. Later, I was given the job of coaching the Indian hockey team.* You were at the 1972 Munich Olympic Games...Suddenly, there was firing in the building next to ours in the Games Village -- one of the worst sporting disasters where 11 Israeli athletes and coaches, a West German police officer, and five terrorists were killed due to differences between Palestine and Israel .* Did the violence affect the team?It was terrible because after wining all the matches we were waiting to play Pakistan in the semifinal and the tie was postponed by a day due to security. Maybe that changed our luck too as we lost to Pakistan and we finished with bronze beating Holland. In the semifinal, we forced 18 penalty corners and Mukhbain Singh, the top scorer of the tournament, couldn't convert even one. We missed many open chances.* What do the Olympics mean for an athlete?Going to the Games and winning a medal is the ultimate achievement. Today, it's more commercialized. Hockey players get money today unlike our days. It's unfortunate that every sportsmen has to apply for award in our country. Earlier, you didn't have to apply for an award.* What are the challenges you faced as a coach?In the 1990 World Cup in Pakistan, we were prohibited from training due to security reasons and we were not allowed to watch opponents playing. When we played, Pakistani spectators threw bricks and stones at us so many times the game had to be stopped. The technical director advised me to fly back with the team. But I'm from an Army background and wasn't ready to give up. I believe sports is to unite nations. We stayed back and completed the tournament and even won a Fair Play award though we finished 10th.* Should International Hockey Federation be involved in Indian hockey?FIH shouldn't interfere in Indian administration and I condemn their involvement in development of Indian hockey. Hockey India and IHF should join hands immediately.* You've been pushing for a sports cadre in the civil service ...We need a separate sports cadre and I've been demanding it for a while. But it needs legislation in the Parliament and local level. Many people without sports background come into administration but before they can understand it, they're transferred. This shouldn't happen.* Do you find any medal hopefuls this time?There are some -- in shooting, boxing, wrestling -- and an outside chance for archery and tennis. It depends on the mental fitness of the player.* How should administrators work with athletes so that their concerns are addressed?They have to talk to athletes, sit with them and understand their problems. It's saddening to learn that not a single SAI administrator is being sent to the London Olympics because SAI is the nodal agency for sports.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15090159", "title": "Kardashian wanted to lose virginity to MJ's nephew", "text": "Kim Kardashian's first love was none other than Michael Jackson's nephew TJ, a new book has revealed.In her interview with Oprah Winfrey last month, the 31-year-old reality star sensationally revealed that she went on birth control at the tender age of 14.She said that it came as a result of her desire to lose her virginity to her boyfriend of two years.Up until now, the identity of the beau in question has been shrouded in mystery.But in the new tell-all book, 'Malibu Nanny: The True Adventures of the Former Kardashian Nanny' by the Kardashian's nanny, Pam Behan, who worked for the family from 1991 - 1996, has revealed that the boyfriend in question was the pop legend's nephew TJ Jackson (Tito Joe Jackson ), the Daily mail Reported.Behan claimed that Kardashian had a teenager relationship with the son of Jackson's older brother Tito.TJ is now married and has children, but he was the first of many who stole Kim's heart.After a two year romance with Jackson in her teens, Kardashian went on to have several high profile relationships with a slew of famous faces.The reality star tied the knot at the tender age 19 to music producer Damon Thomas. The couple were married for four years but divorced in 2004.Before their divorce was finalised, Kim dated singer Ray J, and during their time together the couple made a sex tape in 2003.In February 2007, the home sex video was leaked, changing her life forever.It seemed that the socialite had finally found love again when she began dating NFL star Reggie Bush . The couple dated from 2007 and after spitting and getting back together finally called it quits in 2010.Following a brief romance with Dallas Cowboys wide receiver Miles Austin , she then met New Jersey Nets player Kris Humphries , who would be her future husband.The pair quickly got engaged and married on August 20, 2011.While it seemed like happily ever after for the pair, Kardashian shocked the world when she called time on the union just 72 days following their extravagant televised wedding.Following the announcement, the reality star was promptly lambasted, with many speculating that the marriage was purely a publicity stunt.After the controversy finally died down, pictures of Kardashian and rapper Kanye West out together began popping up.The pair are currently dating and have barely been seen apart from one another for the last few months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15085337", "title": "Bhujbal, aides floated 300 benami firms: BJP national secretary", "text": "MUMBAI: The BJP on Saturday stepped up attack against Maharashtra public works department minister Chhagan Bhujbal over the construction of the new Maharashtra Sadan building in Delhi.Ghost companies operated by Bhujbal, his family and friends were used to route kickbacks received in the deal, alleged BJP national secretary Kirit Somaiya. Bhujbal refuted the allegations and threatened legal action for defamation.Somaiya said the construction of Maharashtra Sadan, the state's official guesthouse in Delhi, on build-operate-transfer basis, was a Rs 10,000 crore scam. \"The BJP had earlier called it a Rs 100-cr scam. They later dubbed it a Rs 1,000-cr scam and now have raised the stakes further. In fact, there is no scam at all,\" Bhujbal said. Somaiya claimed he had documents to suggest a \"layer or web of bogus companies\" was used to route illegal money. Alleging Bhujbal and his aides had floated 300 benami firms, Somaiya gave details of 11 shareholder firms of \"loss-making\" Parvesh Constructions. These companies are co-owned by Bhujbal's son Pankaj, nephew Sameer, and son-in-law Jitendra Wagh, claimed Somaiya.Sameer said, \"Allegations that the company is in losses are baseless. All investors are genuine and independent.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "15085251", "title": "Declare famine in Gondia: BJP", "text": "GONDIA: District president of Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Hemant Patle on Friday warned the government that it would launch an agitation and not allow ministers to enter the region if famine was not declared in the district.Addressing a press conference, Patle said average rain in the district was minus 29% which meant that the kharif crop had almost been ruined while the water level in various reservoirs had also touched the minimum level. There was no hope of water from these dams for Rabi crop while the possibility of drinking water scarcity loomed large. Famine-like conditions were prevailing in the district, he said.President of Gondia ZP Netram Katre said only 15% cultivators who have their own source of water have started re-sowing. The standing committee had in a meeting on July 4 taken a decision requesting the government to declare scarcity and give benefits to cultivators.General secretary of the BJP unit Virendra Anjankar, Sanjay Kulkarni, Ashok Ingale, Munaf Qureshi and Deepak Kadam were present at the press conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "15089466", "title": "PCB chief selector defends Shehzad's axing from T20 squad", "text": "LAHORE: Chief selector Iqbal Qasim has defended the axing of opener Ahmed Shehzad from the Pakistan squad for the Twenty20 internationals against Australia and for the T20 World Cup, saying that the selectors had preferred a more experienced player to him.Shehzad's axing from the Twenty20 squad after he was recalled for the T20 matches against Sri Lanka early last month has come as a surprise to many in Pakistani cricket circles with speculation that he has once again been sidelined on disciplinary grounds.Qasim, however, defended Shehzad's axing by stating that his replacement Imran Nazir was a more experienced player and had been in fine form besides being a specialist T20 player.\"We are banking on experience to do well against Australia and in the T20 World Cup, that is why we have also recalled Kamran (Akmal) and Abdul Razzaq and stuck with Yasir Arafat ,\" Qasim said.Shehzad has a history of disciplinary issues since he played for the national youth team. He was recalled to the national T20 squad for the Sri Lanka tour after a string of impressive performances in domestic cricket and in the Bangladesh Premier League.He was even reported for misbehaviour and unbecoming conduct by a Pakistani ambassador posted in a foreign country where the national team had gone to play.A source in the Board also said that captain Mohammad Hafeez did not want Shehzad in his team.\"Hafeez was not very comfortable with having Shehzad in his side and instead preferred Imran Nazir,\" the source said.Another media report has also claimed that Shehzad was under scrutiny after Hafeez complained about his slow batting in the first T20 against Sri Lanka.Shehzad himself denied all these and insisted he was in his best behaviour in Sri Lanka as he wanted to revive his Pakistan career.\"You can ask the Board or team manager,\" said the 20-year old Shehzad who has appeared in 19 ODIs and eight T20 internationals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15084031", "title": "Maulana Azad National Institute of Technology dismantles fountain to ward off \u2018negative energy\u2019", "text": "BHOPAL: Worried over obstacles coming in the way of its proper growth and frequent accidents on its campus, Maulana Azad National Institute of Technology (MANIT), a premier technical institution in the country, has dismantled a beautiful fountain, apparently to ward off 'negative energy' due to its location in a wrong direction.MANIT authorities had performed 'vastu yagna' earlier this year to curb the frequent accidents and suicides besides other untoward incidents on its campus. Insiders claim that the authorities felt that all these problems happened due to the formation of \"negative energies\" on the campus.To remove the negative energies, they claimed, the MANIT authorities dismantled the fountain situated before the director's office realizing that it was constructed in a wrong direction.Interestingly, earlier MANIT's director Dr Appu Kuttan KK had put fishes in the same fountain but they did not survive. It was believed that the wrong construction of the fountain did not allow fishes to survive.When contacted, associate professor of MANIT's department of architecture, Anupma Sharma, admitted that there were a few problems in the direction of the fountain.\"I do not know the exact direction in which fountain was constructed. But, it is true that it was constructed in a wrong direction.\" Claiming that she is a strong believer in Vastu Shastra, Sharma said, \"I have been doing a lot of works in the field of vastu,\" adding that the right direction for the fountain should be north-east. However, she refused to comment on the dismantling of the fountain.According to sources, the higher authorities at MANIT believe that except for the director's office, other parts of the institute has no positive energy. \"I am told that director's office has 40%-45% positive energy. Other parts have zero positive energy,\" said a teacher on condition of anonymity. Despite several efforts, Dr Appu Kuttan could not be contacted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15086099", "title": "Wellness workshop for locomotive pilots conducted", "text": "PUNE: Railway engine drivers - also known as loco pilots - who face severe stress due to the intense nature of their work schedule, picked up tips and techniques to relieve their stress at a special workshop organised by the railways on Friday.Most loco pilots, assistant drivers, loco inspectors and railway guards face severe stress because of their odd and unscheduled working hours. Drivers in particular are stressed as they have to remain focused at all times, maintain their concentration, besides rigorously following all work manuals related to running of trains. Railway officials said that it's important for the drivers to work in a stress-free manner for the safety of the passengers.The workshop, attended by the 'running staff' and their families, focused on stress management and relieving techniques. The railway employees were also appraised about healthy diet. The workshop was conducted by Swapnil Deshmukh, Ashish Mahajan and Sampada Paradkar. Additional divisional railway manager A K Gupta gave the introductory address. Railway officials said rest rooms for the running staff have been upgraded with various facilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15085856", "title": "FDI in retail will eventually harm small shopkeepers: Chief minister", "text": "LUCKNOW: UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav , on Saturday, expressed his reservations on foreign direct investment ( FDI) in retail sector saying that it would eventually harm small shopkeepers. Yadav, while meeting the traders' associations, said that the move will only invite opposition from all quarters.Yadav credited the traders of contributing towards Samajwadi Party success in the recent assembly polls. He said that it was because of traders' support that the party was able to receive huge votes not only in the rural but also the urban areas. Samajwadi Party in a statement claimed that the traders have pledged to support the party in the Lok Sabha elections as well.Traders were, however, peculiarly concerned about the corrupt practices in the commercial tax department and Mandis. President of Akhil Bharatiya Udyog Vyapar Mandal, Sandeep Bansal alleged that officials in the two departments harass the traders.To this, Yadav said that the state government would deal with a heavy hand against the officials engaged in corrupt practices and harassment of traders. He said that the state government was committed to achieve a growth rate of 10% during the 12th plan period.Akhilesh also agreed on use of manual food licence as well as online system. He also asked senior police officials of the rank of SP/SSP to hold a monthly review meeting with traders in this regard.While maintaining law and order to be the prime priority of the state government, Yadav blamed the previous BSP led state government for the prevailing power and other crisis in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15092198", "title": "People with money in this country have no taste: Aamir Bashir", "text": "The reclusive actor and now a filmmaker, Aamir Bashir, had completed his directorial debut a while back. The film which has been making its presence felt in different film festivals around the world, was not being able to release in India. While the film is finally ready to release here, talking about the challenges he had the face, Aamir says, \"There is no distribution system for independent small films, they seem to be always busy with a line of big films.\" He goes on to add, \"Everybody talks about the rebirth of an alternative system but it will not happen until the system shifts its focus from typical Bollywood films,\" which Aamir feels is handled only by a few.In his film Harud , though Aamir has tried to show the world, the real picture of Kashmir which he thinks is quite distorted in front of the world. He says, \"From Japan to Toronto, the views about Kashmir is pretty much the same which shows that people know very little about the place. And when they saw the film, they couldn't believe that things are so bad there.\" And Aamir has received reactions from all around the world about his film. \"It takes time to react to such kind of films, people have emailed me what they think about the film,\" says and adds, \"It is an irony that despite the fact that things are not right there, it gives a privilege to tell a story.\"\"The story of Kashmir had to be told because everyone views it as a law and order situation and not a human problem,\" informs Aamir who was lucky to have found funding for the film from an international organization called the Hubert Bals Foundation. \"The idea of funding films for such a foundation is to make films on stories that need to be told. They patronize and subsidize filmmakers for the sake of cinema, the kind of cultural patronage which can't be expected from the Indian government as they are too busy with different scams,\" says an exasperated Aamir who thinks that it is easy to make a film here but difficult to get it seen. \"Here independent filmmakers will survive but not independent cinema,\" he says.\"Our audiences are creatures of habit,\" he says, adding, \"Every year you think Bollywood gets a break through in cinema but it doesn't. Small films made within commercial parameters are palmed off as alternative cinema. One needs to define alternative cinema first.\"Aamir feels that there should be room for all kinds of cinema, he says, \"People with money in this country have no taste.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15084517", "title": "B2B show for jewellery traders a hit", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai Jewellery Show, held for the second time in the city, from July 20 to 22, has witnessed an overwhelming response. Organisers claimed that more than 5,000 jewellers from the state, mainly southern Tamil Nadu, visited the show and benefited from the latest designs, technology and instruments displayed. The show is organised by United Exhibitions with Madurai Jewellers and Bullion Merchants Association.The aim is to promote gold trade in the region. They were expecting more than 8,000 traders from the region to visit, but more than 5,000 people have already visited by Saturday, the organisers said.The show, which is meant for businessmen, and not for customers, has come up with 50 stalls consisting of gold and diamond jewellers across the country, manufacturers of jewellery instruments, technology providers, security system manufacturers and institutions like Bureau of Indian Standards and the Gemological Institute of America. Besides, various workshops on jewellery are being held for visitors. The sessions include hallmarking of gold and silver by BIS, gold exporting and jewellery development in India by Micro Small and Medium Enterprises Development Institute and sessions on diamonds and diamond purchasing methods.M Balasubramanian, president of the Madurai Jewellers and Bullion Merchants Association, said the jewels, technology and instruments have come from all over India and jewellers mainly from southern Tamil Nadu visited in large numbers. \"The show was held for the second year with the aim of promoting gold and jewellery trade in the region. We have organised this show so that jewellers in our region will know the latest designs and technologies in the trade. They will also know about their dealers and whom to approach for what jewelleries. Technical sessions by reputed institutions are very beneficial and run with full attendance,\" he said.B Sivakumar, director of Ten X, a diamond jeweller from Madurai who has put up a stall said, the show was very useful as they were able to meet many jewellers from down south.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15091791", "title": "Anushka wows Irandaam Ulagam team", "text": "While there have been reports that the Irandaam Ulagam team has been delayed by snow storms in Georgia , where they are currently shooting, we hear that the film's leading lady Anushka is doing all she can to ensure that the shoot is completed as soon as possible.Recently, the actress had to learn a difficult (and different) type of dance form and shoot for it in a short while and the actress managed to surprised the unit with her preparation.\"Kudos to Anushka who learnt a kind of very difficult dance in a day and performed too. Felt proud when the local crew stood up and saluted (sic),\" tweeted the film's director Selvaraghavan, clearly stunned by the dedication of his heroine.The film sees Arya pairing up with Anushka for the first time and is said to be a very different outing for both the actors. The grapevine is abuzz that both the actors have dual roles in the film, which has music by Harris Jayaraj .Meanwhile, Anushka is now expected to join the crew of Karthi's Alex Pandian which has been waiting for her return to film a few stunt sequences. We hear that the actress will join the unit by mid-August.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15092692", "title": "Increase the number of family courts in Pune", "text": "PUNE: The number of family courts should be increased to deal with the pending matters of family disputes, member of state legislative council Mohan Joshi demanded in the on going state assembly session.\"There are only five family courts in the city. Nearly 10,000 cases are pending. So more courts are needed for speedy disposal of these cases. Not only the people from city areas, but also the people from rural areas are suffering due to delay in resolving the family dispute,\" Joshi said.The state government has sanctioned a budget of Rs 10 crore for a state-of-the-art multi-storeyed building for the family court, which was expected to be ready by March 2012. But it is yet not completed. The 39,600 sq ft plot allotted for the new premises of the family court is next to the compound of the Shivajinagar district court, he said.The family court is currently housed at the seventh and ninth floors of the Bharati Vidyapeeth building on Shastri Road. The current location is a rented one and is neither economical nor well-equipped to deal with the 400-odd cases pertaining to divorce, adoption and maintenance that come up every month.The family court first started its work in 1989. The government pays a rent of Rs 3 lakh per month for the space at the building. The current premises are too small; at times it be-comes so crowded that it is difficult to walk, he said", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15094137", "title": "Radiologists react against government's restrictions", "text": "MUMBAI: Radiologists and sonologists are up in arms against government's decision restricting radiologists from visiting more than two clinics within a district.Dr Harsh Mahajan, national president, Indian Radiological and Imaging Association (IRIA) said that the decision would exacerbate the shortage of radiologists, ultimately hurting patient welfare and leading to higher prices for ultrasound tests of all parts of the body, although the directive is actually meant to curb pregnancy ultrasound.\"There's no doubt that India's female sex ratio has been falling progressively over decades. But to conclude that restricting sonologists from visiting more than two centres within a district will solve this problem is fallacious because the real problem lies elsewhere. On the other hand, charitable clinics and patients in critical need of ultrasound for other ailments will be directly affected, since it will worsen the shortage of sonologists, creating a greater artificial shortage.\"Ministry of health and family welfare's notification dated June 5, 2012 restricts radiologists/sonologists from visiting no more than two clinics within a district to perform ultrasound and making it mandatory to specify their consulting hours at each clinic.This, say the radiologists, could even endanger the lives of patients. For instance, according to the notification, the timings of the ultrasonologist would have to be fixed and notified to the authorities and that radiologist would not be able to practice in a particular clinic outside that time. Therefore, if an emergency patient is rushed to a clinic when the radiologist is about to leave as the allotted time has elapsed, the new rule will prohibit the radiologist from attending to the patient. This new normalso goes against the Medical Council of India Act as well as contradicts a Supreme Court ruling, which states that any doctor has to provide help to a patient in an emergency situation. Moreover, in case a colleague falls sick or goes on leave, a radiologist will not be able to take his or her place in attending patients, said Mahajan.Furthermore, registration rates for ultrasound centres have been arbitrarily hiked from Rs 3,000 to Rs 25,000 and from Rs 4,000 to Rs 35,000. \"Such an exorbitant increase in charges will either encourage non-registration of medical centres or lead to an increase in ultrasound charges since clinics will be forced to recover these costs from patients. Higher charges will again hurt poor patients, leading to lower number of tests as well as higher death and disease rates,\" said Mahajan.The above restrictions apart, the new norm now requires 30 days' advance notice on purchase of a new ultrasound machine or on joining of an ultra-sonologist at the clinic. Previously, one could inform the authorities within 30 days of installation or hiring. Additionally, the new request can only become operational after it is duly incorporated in the certificate of the clinic. The strange new norm is illogical because no centre will know one month in advance about an ultra-sonologist leaving; thereafter, it could take anywhere from three months to several years for the change to be incorporated in the certificate. During this period, the new machine or new ultra-sonologist will be rendered useless, said Mahajan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15084783", "title": "Central Jail inmate dies", "text": "A Nashik Central prison inmate, Raju Devraj, succumbed to his injuries at the state-runJJ Hospital in Mumbai on Saturday. Devraj was admitted to the state-run hospital on Wednesday with serious head injuries. Dean of JJ Hospital Dr TP Lahane said, \"He had severe head injury and several other injuries for which we were treating him.We were told he sustained the injuries after a fight with other jail inmates.\" A post mortem was conducted at around 12.30pm on Saturday.A post mortem was conducted at around 12.30pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15088996", "title": "Gauravam movie completes first schedule", "text": "Radhamohan's bilingual movie Gauravam has wrapped up its first schedule of shoot in Mysore. The film commenced shooting last month in Mysore and was shot in various locations of Karnataka. The next schedule of Gauravam would kick off in Chennai.Allu Sirish (brother of Allu Arjun), who is making his acting debut, is playing the male lead in this film and would be sharing screen space with Yami Gautham. The producer of this film Prakash Raj tweeted \"Gauravam. End of 1st schedule. In a train to chennai with the whole team. Journey is fun. Quality time. (sic)\". Thaman is composing the music and Preetha is handling the cinematography.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15084473", "title": "Ramdev men detained at Parliament Street", "text": "NEW DELHI: Around 250 supporters of Baba Ramdev were detained at Parliament Street on Saturday evening after they marched to Rashtrapati Bhawan to protest against the arrest of Ramdev's associate, Balkrishna.Police asked them to back off. When they didn't budge, they were taken to the police station around 6pm.\"The protesters were taken into preventive detention under Delhi Police Act. They were, however, released around 7.15pm after they gave an undertaking to not to proceed further,\" a senior cop said.Balkrishna was arrested on Friday for allegedly submitting fake documents to get a passport. A special CBI court had issued a non-bailable warrant against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15094118", "title": "More than 20 companies to participate in Job Fest", "text": "CHANDIGARH: More than 20 companies will participate in the Job Fest being organized by Aryans College of Engineering. This Job Fest is being organized on 25th July at PHD Chamber, Sector- 31.Giving this information, Anshu Kataria, Chairman, Aryans Group said that job opportunities would be available for B.Tech, MBA, BBA, BCA, MCA, M.Tech, Diploma/ITI etc.Students can get registered by applying online on www.aryans.edu.in, Kataria further added that various top companies will be offering jobs in different streams. Candidates need to carry 10 copies of their resumes and passport size photograph with them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15086157", "title": "Pune: Proposed law school mired in debate despite Maharashtra govt's nod", "text": "PUNE: The University of Pune's proposed National Law School (NLS) remains stuck in a debate over legal technicalities despite the state government approving the project nearly two months back. While the four-storied newly-constructed building for the proposed institute will be inaugurated by Governor K Shankaranarayanan on August 14, the UoP authorities are not sure whether the school will go functional from academic year 2012-13.\"We have received the state government's approval to the NLS project but, the same has come with a condition that the project will run at no-cost to the state government,\" said UoP vice-chancellor Wasudev Gade here on Saturday. \"The university will have to utilise its own funds to ensure that the NLS goes operational,\" he said. The university had moved a proposal seeking the state government's approval to the project, over two years back, he added.So far, the university has spent nearly Rs 10 crore on the construction of the new building for the NLS in front of the department of management sciences on the university campus. The UoP's NLA has been modeled along the lines of the existing seven national law universities in the country. The project was mooted in 2006 by the then officiating VC Ratnakar Gaikwad. Initially, it was expected to go functional from AY 2010-11 but, it could not because of the building was not ready.Later, the NLS was expected to start from AY 2011-12 but, this too did not happen as the state government had not given its approval to the project while the university's estate department was required to hand over the building to the varsity administration.Gade said, \"As of now, there are two sets of opinion related to the NLS in the university circles. A section of people are insisting that the university can not establish a National Law School as such an institution has to be established by way of an enactment passed by the Parliament.\"\"Another section is of the opinion that the project needs to be cleared by the Bar Council of India, which regulates the legal profession and legal education in the country,\" he said. \"We are examining these issues and will seeking the council's opinion on the matter soon,\" he added.A law department official said, \"All the university statutory authorities, including the board of studies, law faculty, academic and management councils, have passed resolutions clearing the NLS project. The management council also cleared a proposal relating to appointment of staff and admission of students and the same was forwarded to the state governor and chancellor's office long ago.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15090593", "title": "Title hunt for Ajith film", "text": "One problem that films of big stars face is the right title. And Ajith's latest film, which is currently underway, seems to be in the same situation, with the makers looking out for a suitable title that will appeal to the audience.This film, which is being directed by Vishnuvardhan, has an ensemble cast that has fans waiting to watch. Acting alongside Thala will be Nayanthara, Arya, Taapsee, Mahesh Manjhrekar, Kishore and Suman Ranganathan . The makers have been shooting for the film since the past couple of months, in Mumbai and Bangalore.With the team not able to find a suitable title yet, director Vishnuvardhan has apparently come up with an interesting idea, where he wants to request the Thala fans for a suitable title if reports are to be believed.With Ajith working out for a dapper new look for the film, the fans have already had raised expectations. While buzz has it that the makers are doing a remake of the Bollywood flick Race , there have been denials so far on these rumours. With so much of curiosity around, this new tactic to name the film might be a hit with the fans of the Kollywood star too. Wise, no?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15095045", "title": "Sangma congratulates Pranab, but doesn't rule out going to court", "text": "NEW DELHI: PA Sangma today congratulated Pranab Mukherjee and wished him success but did not rule out moving court on the election, saying its process was \"exceptionally partisan\".He alleged that non-UPA ruled states were lured with packages and inducements and even given threats.Sangma, who was backed by BJP and some other parties, said there is a compelling need for formulating an election code of conduct for the presidential and vice-Presidential polls, as such a code did not exist. A code will ensure free and fair elections, he said.\"The process in this presidential election has been exceptionally partisan and political.\"The public perception is certainly that in identification and projection of its candidate, UPA did not genuinely build consensus and that it pursuaded political parties commanding major sections of the Presidential electoral college by economic and other packages ... as well as inducements, threats and promises,\" Sangma told reporters here.He alleged that the spirit of secrecy of ballot was \"thrown to the wind\".\"For election to the Lok Sabha and assembly, there is a code of conduct for free and fair elections. Such a code of conduct does not exist for presidential and vice-presidential elections ... Rs 57,000 crore were given to UP, Rs 27,000 crore to Bihar and so many other things have happened,\" Sangma said.Not ruling out moving the Supreme Court on the election, he said, \"We are meeting a day after tomorrow to review the whole situation where this matter will come up for discussion.\"Sangma said the posts of the President and the Prime Minister were such that there should not be any kind of public perception which goes contrary to the sanctity of the chairs.On moving court, Sangma said, \"For the survival of democracy, logically it should be ... but I have not taken a final decision ... The day after tomorrow we will meet and take a final decision.\"To a question if \"illegal\" means were used in the election, Sangma claimed, \"Everybody knows that the so called economic packages have gone in a very big way. We all know that there have been some threats ... be it Mulayam Singh, Mayawati ... \"Sangma, who played the tribal card to garner support in the presidential race, said the nation has \"lost a golden opportunity to demonstrate its solidarity with tribals\".He expressed concern over lesser number of votes polled in his favour in north eastern states.\" ... That people of the north east are no more capable of standing on their own feet. They are 100 per cent dependent on the central assistance. They cannot afford to go against the central government. They are even losing their identity. It is a very dangerous trend. Tribals from the north east have to certainly wake up and think over it,\" he said.On cross-voting in Karnataka, which went against him, he said he was aware of the problem there. \"I personally expected something may go wrong. It happens in election,\" he said.Sangma said in a democracy everybody cannot be a winner. \"Somebody has to lose, that is the game of democracy,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15085423", "title": "Row over witchcraft may have killed 12-year-old: Police", "text": "JAIPUR: A dispute between two families over an act of witchcraft is suspected to be reason behind the brutal murder of 12-year-old boy whose body was found with his head badly damaged in Jaisinghpura Khor area.Family members of deceased Govind alias Gopi, whose body was found on Friday evening, filed a complaint with the police on Saturday, saying they suspected three men of the murder. Police said they have got strong clues in the case and hope to crack it soon.Govind had left home with his bicycle after having lunch with his father Govardhan Lal around 5 pm on Friday. Amber ACP Surendra Sagar told TOI that Goverdhan Lal had been accused of conducting some witchcraft by some of his cousin brothers.\"A dispute had been going on between Goverdhan Lal and a group over this. An FIR had also been registered regarding this a few months ago,\" Sagar said. However, the officer refused to confirm whether they had ascertained that this dispute led to the murder.\"It is a suspicion of the boy's family members. We are looking at several angles. It could be one of them,\" the officer said.Meanwhile, several villagers staged a demonstration at the Brahmpuri police station alleging that the boy's father had been receiving threats for the past few days and despite a complaint registered with the station, no action was taken.\"In a complaint registered with the Brahmpuri police station a few days ago, a mobile number which was used to issue threats had been provided; however, police did not bother to locate the number and identify those people. If the police had taken timely action, the boy would have been alive,\" a relative said.Senior police officers rushed to the police station to placate the angry villagers. The crowd remained in the police station till afternoon.\"We have assured them that the culprits will be arrested soon. We have rounded up some suspects and interrogation with them is going on,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "15096440", "title": "Assam floods: 19 rhinos among 625 animals dead", "text": "JORHAT: With floodwaters receding in Kaziranga National Park, forest officials searching the interior parts of the park have found several more animal carcasses. Park director S Bora said altogether 625 animals have perished inside the park and hog deer have suffered the most. The park has lost 19 one-horn rhino in the ongoing flood and forest staff has rescued two rhino calves from the deluge at Bagori and Kohora forest range inside the park.\"As per our estimates, 625 animals, including rhinos, hog deer, wild elephants, swamp deer, sambar, wild boars, porcupines, hog badgers, gaurs, wild buffaloes, pythons and foxes, have died in the flood in Kaziranga. Of the 19 rhinos dead, 17 drowned and two were killed by poachers at Haldhibari and Kohora area inside the park,'' Bora said.He added that the hog deer was the worst affected species during the flood. ''Forest staffs found carcasses of over 500 hog deer in all the four forest ranges of the national park. However, speeding vehicles also claimed killed 27 hog deer crossing NH 37 to save themselves from the flood,'' he said.Kaziranga wildlife rehabilitation centre in charge Abhijit Bhawal said: \"We rescued two rhino calves from waters inside the park during the flood. The calves were rescued from Kohora and Bagori forest range and aged about one and nine month respectively. Both the rescued calves are lactating artificially and are under the care and observation of veterinarians at our rehabilitation centre.''The world heritage site park is hit by floods every year. During monsoon, several animals die due to floodwaters, speeding vehicles and poacher attacks. Speeding vehicles on the highway knock down animals trying to cross the road to migrate to the highlands of nearby Karbi hills and poachers find it easy targets as animals gather on higher grounds. The famous park had lost 1,023 and 652 animals in the past two devastating flood in 1988 and 1998, respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15089374", "title": "Different exercises to strengthen your body's core", "text": "You may have heard that it is important to build and strengthen your body's core with balance and core exercises .What it simply means is that the exercise will improve the strength of your pelvis, hip, stomach, and lower back. Besides this, core exercise also improves your balance, stability, metabolism and workout performance. Let's find out the core exercises that are essential for your workout.Yoga: You may wonder how yoga improves core strength, well it does. Yoga not only builds core strength but also improves muscle flexibility. 'A good mix of yoga and heavy weights will help strengthen your muscles, as well as add flexibility'. Follow the breathing exercises to clear the lung and exercise the stomach muscles; try out different yoga postures like sarvangasana (shoulder stand), virbhadrasana (warrior pose), or the dhanurasana (bow pose), these will test your core strength. You can also try out yoga stretches to avoid injuries and improve your performance in weight training.Pilates: Pilates is a popular option with women and why not. 'Pilates is a body conditioning routine that seeks to build flexibility, strength, endurance, and coordination without adding muscle bulk.' And Miley Cyrus is the biggest Hollywood star to follow this fitness routine. The best part about Pilates is that it improves your ability to function on a daily basis.Cardio : Watching a cricket match makes your heart beat faster, but it's not really exercise, is it? Cardio too makes your heart beat rapidly but the causes are jogging, running, brisk walking and cycling - all healthy persuits for a healthier core and body. According to the American Heart Association (AHA), \"Cardiovascular exercise involves the steady and repetitive movement of a person's arms and legs\". Aerobic exercises and increased heart rate is a perfect formula for building core strength.Kickboxing : Besides being a core exercise, kick boxing is a great cardio exercise too. But it is far better than cardio exercises like running and jogging. Why? Because it utilizes the core muscles to knock a punch. You practically exercise your hip, legs, arms and the back for the desired effect.Weight training : Weight training may seem a daunting exercise that is not meant for you, but it is a very important exercise form for men and women. Weight training, when done carefully builds the core muscles, as it works deliberately and clinically on the lower back, abdomen, lower body and upper body. It increases metabolism to a healthy rate with muscle production and gives us the necessary body tension to encourage bone density and strength. Weight training is considered one of the best exercise forms for great core balance and stability as it strengthens the core through muscle development.ViPR: Vitality, Performance and Reconditioning are the essence of ViPR. It involves a cylindrical device, which is great if you are looking for home gym equipment. 'The basic exercise moves in this workout involve throwing, flipping, tossing, rolling, dragging and stepping upon the ViPR'. There are several exercises for different muscle groups improving flexibility and strength. Choose exercises that flex your core muscles.Zumba : Madonna and Jennifer Lopez have the figure to die for, but the real complement goes to zumba. It is a South American dance routine that has picked up in India and is doesn't matter if you're a Disco Dancer, or not. Zumba exercises your hips, abs and improves your flexibility - all perfect recipe ingredients for core exercise.Dancing: We saved the best for last. Dancing in any form, whether club, ballroom or throwing your hands in the air, is always fun. But for core exercises try out dances that utilize your core muscles. These are dances like the salsa, hip hop, and belly dancing, to name a few. However, remember that for maximum benefit a dance workout must challenge you. Focus on keeping your core engaged, taut and strong when performing the different dance movements.Read more Personal Health, Diet &amp; Fitness stories on www.healthmeup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15085456", "title": "Five-day sawan teej celebrations kick off", "text": "JAIPUR: The five-day Sawan Teej Festival kicked off at the Jawahar Kala Kendra (JKK) on Saturday. The venue wore a celebratory look with the art and craft village decked up with a rich display of artefacts, lac bangles, leather mojaris, wood handicrafts, brass items, Barmeri embroidery pieces, metal items, tie &amp; die fabrics, phad paintings, gem stone paintings and the like.Appreciating the wide variety of display as well as the live demonstration of the making of lac bangles, minister of tourism, Bina Kak, who also inaugurated the fair said, \"Our state is rich in arts, crafts and festivity. Festivals like Teej make our art and culture stand out in all its brilliance.\"On a day's visit to Jaipur, the spokesperson for the embassy of Israel , David Goldfrab seemed to agree with Kak. He said, \"The number of festivals celebrated in Rajasthan is impressive. The embassy is also planning to invade Rajasthan with Israeli culture.\" \"Don't get me wrong, I only mean by way of cultural events,\" he said with a smile.\"To begin with, we would be bringing an animation festival in October. Then you would see Israeli presence at the Jaipur International Film Festival in January. We are also planning to bring Michael Greilsammer and Yemen Blues for music besides an Israeli food festival,\" he added.On the opening day of the Teej festival, the Rajasthani village look of Shilpgram at JKK was complete with moodhas, khats and the traditional teej swings. Puppet shows, magic shows, kachchi ghodi dances and Rajasthan folk songs enthralled the audience and visitors. Also, going with the tradition of Teej, there were arrangements for women to get their hands decorated with mehendi designs. Rajasthani delicacies like daal-bati-churma, ghewar, jalebi and other dishes were also available.In the evening, there were Rajasthan and Gujarati folk dance performances at the open air theatre. Among the items presented were Mayur dance, Kalbeliya dance, Chari dance, Tehra Tali dance, Bhapang vadan etc. On Sunday, visitors will be able to witness a dance drama based on the life of Lord Krishna followed by a play 'Ghalib in New Delhi' on Monday.Apart from theatre and cultural events at JKK, the traditional Teej procession with all its regal pomp and pageantry, will be held on Sunday. It will start at 5.30 pm from Tripolia Gate, winding its way through Tripolia Bazaar, Chhoti Chaupar and Gangauri Bazaar and will wind up at the Chaugan Stadium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15090738", "title": "Prabhas\u2019 Rebel progressing in Pondicherry", "text": "Young rebel star Prabhas' forthcoming action entertainer Rebel is progressing briskly in Pondicherry. Director Raghava Lawrence, who recently filmed some high-octane action episodes on Prabhas at Ramoji Film City in Hyderabad, has started the Pondicherry schedule too with action episodes on the actor.Soon, the unit quickly wrapped up the fight scenes and has started filming a song on Prabhas. Looks like the film might complete the entire shooting part with this schedule as producers Baghavan and Pullarao are planning to release the audio in August. Tamannaah and Deeksha Seth are playing the leading ladies in this film, for which Raghava Lawrence is also giving the tunes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15083865", "title": "9 die in wall collapse incidents", "text": "HYDERABAD: Nine persons died in separate wall-collapse incidents in the city in the early hours of Saturday. Also, three students suffered injuries when a window of an under-construction building came crashing down on them in Qutubullapur.Five persons \u2014 Shanthilal, Gopal, Balakanth, Jakkala Pochamma and Jakkala Balu died when the compound wall of a paint manufacturing unit collapsed on them in Balanagar. And, at Aditya Nagar in Miyapur, a woman lost her life along with her three children in a wall collapse at their house.Balanagar police said that Shanthilal and Gopal and Balakanth, natives of Madhya Pradesh, used to stay in a make-shift dwelling on the footpath near the Balanagar crossroads.Their dwelling was next to the compound wall of ICI paints. At around 3am, the compound wall collapsed onto the hut and all the inmates died. Minutes before the wall collapsed, a GHMC sanitary worker, Pochamma, and her son Balu had taken shelter near it and had to suffer the same fate as the trio from Madhya Pradesh as they succumbed to injuries later.A case has been registered under section 174 (suspicious death) of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC).Meanwhile, tragedy struck the family of Mohd Pasha, an autorickshaw driver, as his entire family \u2014 wife Fareeda (35), daughters Samreen (15), Muskan (5) and son Sameer (8) \u2014 perished when a damp wall collapsed at their house in New Hafeezpet.Pasha had a providential escape as he had stepped out of the house to offer namaz as part of the holy month of Ramzan. Returning to his house, he found his loved ones trapped under debris.Assistant commissioner of police (Kukatpally) M Malla Reddy said that Pasha's neighbour, one Mustafa, had dumped sand and construction rubble outside the one-room house.Due to the incessant rain, water-soaked construction material might have weakened the wall. A case was registered against Mustafa under section 304-A (causing death by rash or negligent act) of the Indian Penal Code.Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) mayor Mohd Majid Hussain has announced ex gratia of Rs 1 lakh for the affected families.In another incident, three students \u2014 Jyothi, Pravalika and Shekar \u2014 of Blue Moon High School in Qutubullapur were injured when a window of an under-construction building, abutting their school, fell on them. The condition of Jyothi, a class III student, was said to be serious, while the other two, both class II students, got away with minor injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15084464", "title": "Moon sighting confusion delays Ramzan in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: Confusion over Ramzan moon sighting kept city Muslims on toes on Friday night. While most Muslims across the country began the holy month of Ramzan on Saturdayas they followed the announcements of senior clerics in their respective states, for Muslims in Mumbai, both Sunnis and Deobandis, Ramzan will begin on Sunday.After Friday's evening prayers, a group of clerics assembled at Crawford Market's Jama Masjid, which also houses the Hilal (Moon) Committee of Mumbai. At 8pm, no news of moon sighting from anywhere in the country had arrived. So they announced that there would be no roza on Saturday. But a little later, news from Bihar, Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh and Bengal came in that Muslims in those states would observe a fast on Saturday as the moon had been sighted. The committee then met again and discussions went on till past midnight. Meanwhile, Ahmed Bukhari, the shahi imam of Delhi's Jama Masjid, announced that Muslims should begin their Ramzan fast from Saturday as moon sighting had been confirmed. The committee in Mumbai was under great pressure to give its final decision.\"We tried to confirm the moon sighting but couldn't get to talk to credible witnesses. It would have been wrong in such a situation to ask the community to observe a fast on Saturday. So we announced that Ramzan would start from Sunday,\" said maulana Mahmood Daryabadi, a member of the Hilal Committee.The Sunnis, too, announced that since moon sighting had not been confirmed, there would be no roza on Saturday. But many Muslims followed the announcements of clerics in Bihar and the shahi imam of Delhi's Jama Masjid, ate sehri (pre-dawn light meal) and fasted on Saturday. \"If majority of ulema across the country observed Roza on Saturday, I don't know why Mumbai's Muslims should not have done the same,\" asked Muzaffar Kalimullah, a Mira Road resident, who was among those who began their fast on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15084062", "title": "Bhopal police book 4,000 for rioting", "text": "BHOPAL: Hours after the Congress blamed the Rashtriya Swayemsevak Sangh (RSS) workers for triggering violence during the Congress protest in the state capital on Friday, the city police booked more than 4,000 unidentified persons on charges of rioting.\"We have charged some 4000 to 5000 unidentified persons for violence during the Congress protest,\" Jehangirabad police said on Saturday.Police will go through the video clippings of the protest to identify the accused allegedly involved in violence and take action. There is a possibility that some Congress MLAs inciting violence might face the music.It appears that the police move has come after state Congress president Kantilal Bhuria on Friday evening convened a hurried press conference and blamed the RSS men for the violence.The state Congress president had alleged, \"RSS men in black coloured shirts and T-shirts in a pre-planned move, incited violence and pelted stones that led to chaos\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "15087153", "title": "Govt in a bind over appealing ski village order", "text": "SHIMLA: Having declared its intentions to appeal against the high court order annulling the show-cause notice served for cancelling the multi-million dollar Himalayan Ski Village (HSV) project, the Himachal Pradesh government now is in a bind as its legal hawks struggle to find grounds for challenging the order.Sources privy to the matter disclosed that a high-level meeting convened on Thursday to discuss the matter ended abruptly as an opinion came around that the order had actually put a judicial stamp on the government stand, even though the show-cause notice served on January 7, 2010, for cancelling the controversial project was struck down on procedural aspects by the court.Chief secretary Sudripta Roy, when contacted, said, \"The courts order asking promoters of the ski village project to obtain 'necessary clearances including environmental clearance from all the concerned authorities within a period of six months' was also the basis for the government show-cause notice issued in the first place.\" He added, \"Another meeting has been convened for Monday and legal opinion was being considered for appealing the order over expunging some observations that had been passed against the government.\"Striking down the show-cause notice, the judge had observed that it was without jurisdiction and authority of law. While permitting the company to proceed with the project, the order directed them that necessary clearances, including environmental clearances, be obtained within six months before any construction activity can be allowed.A director with HSV, Ajay Dabra, says, \"The company is all serious about setting up a world-class ski village and plans to apply for environmental approvals as mandated by the court verdict as soon as possible. In accordance with the rules, the pollution control board would also be approached to conduct a public hearing about the project.\"The court had struck down a similar public hearing conducted on June 6. 2009, by a government appointed committee to record views of the resident population at the project site, because it was not authorized to do so. The government officials have lately realized that the essence of the judicial order was only that the show-cause notice was served as HSV promoters had not obtained environment clearance, and therefore the government is now left with little ground to appeal against.To obtain environment clearance, a September 14, 2006, notification mandates that the state pollution control board conduct a public hearing at the proposed project site. The last time the government appointed committee had held such a hearing, the mob had turned violent in opposition to the HSV project at the site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "15096420", "title": "Rs 500 crore aid not enough: All Bodo Students' Union", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: The All Bodo Students' Union (ABSU) asserted that the Centre has not taken proper protection measures to contain the flood situation in the state. ABSU president Promod Boro said the announcement of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to release Rs 500 crore as special aid to control the flood havoc in the state is not sufficient. \"It takes Rs 500 crore to construct a bridge over a river. How can the prime minister, who is representing Assam as a Rajya Sabha MP, expect such a meager amount to cover the flood and erosion problems here?\" questioned Boro.He said the PM should be aware that floods and erosion in Assam is not a new happening, yet the Centre has not taken any major step to overcome these problems of the state. Boro said the Centre should adopt a scientific measure and projects to bring about a permanent solution to the flood and erosion problems in the state. He said a long term policy should be implemented instead of announcing a meager flood aid to the state.\"Most of the districts are facing the wrath of floods and around three lakh people have been affected across the state. The Centre should declare the flood problem of Assam a national issue. The representatives from the northeast should raise their voice on the genuine issues of the region, including the flood problem in Assam,\" the ABSU president said.He said the Bodoland region also has a lot of rivers originating in Bhutan and most of the rivers get flooded every year. He said the Aie, Thaklai, Sankosh, Pahumara, Puthimari, Beki, Pagladia, Dhansiri, Swrmanga rivers get flooded and cause erosion in Bodoland areas every year. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15084399", "title": "Rally on water conservation taken out in Allahabad", "text": "ALLAHABAD: As a part of Save Water campaign, a public awareness rally was flagged off from Chandrashekhar Azad Park on Saturday by the chief development officer (CDO) Nitin Bansal. The volunteers covered a distance of 2km on foot before reaching the originating point where the rally terminated.A discussion on Water Conservation was also organised at Vikas Bhawan speakers stressed on the importance of saving every drop of water.Stating the example of Singapore, which faces acute water shortage, the CDO pointed said people there recycle water for daily use and treat it for re-use. \"If we fail to stop wastage of water we would also face a situation similar to the one in Singapore. The message of saving and conserving water should be spread across every village across the country,\" he said. On this occasion, an exhibition on water conservation was also inaugurated at Vikas Bhawan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15084609", "title": "2,400 seats vacant in pharmacy colleges", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Is pharmacy education on the brink of a shutdown? Of the 4,600 MPharm seats, only 1,700 students have taken admission after the two-day long admission process that ended on Saturday.Considering the 25 per cent management quota seats that are yet to be filled, even if all the 500-odd management seats are filled, 2,400 seats have found no takers at all.This poor admission scenario has underlined the fact that pharmacy has fallen completely out of favour with the students pursuing professional courses with hopes of building a career.\"Pharmacy faces a shutdown with majority of seats going vacant in the under-graduate and post-graduate courses. This is because there are limited options of lucrative jobs for students after completing their courses in pharmacy,\" said admission committee member M N Patel.Officials said that earlier students used to pursue MPharm either to build a career in research or teaching in under-graduate pharmacy colleges. Both these job opportunities have become scarce as pharmacy industry is no longer considered robust.This fact was highlighted when not a single student opted for the sponsored seats which are kept reserved for working professional who want to pursue MPharm to further their careers. All of the 1,133 sponsored seats have remained vacant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15085987", "title": "Baby flung out of hospital\u2019s third floor in Chandigarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A seven-month-old baby boy died after he was flung out of the third floor window of the neo-natal intensive care unit of PGI-Chandigarh on Saturday. A case of murder has been registered.The boy was admitted to the ward a month ago and was being attended to by his mother and aunt. Police are probing the role of family members in the incident and have recorded the statement of Jaswanti Devi, boy's aunt. The baby's mother, Rajnish Rani, could not give her statement as she was unwell.Police said Jaswanti Devi was in the waiting room outside the ICU when the incident took place. Eight other kids along with attendants were being treated in the same ward. Two of the eyewitnesses said Jaswanti was seen walking around with the baby before going to the bathroom. \"She came out of the bathroom and raised an alarm,\" said an attendant to the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15085486", "title": "Cyberage scheme will reach all higher secondary schools students in Goa: Manohar Parrikar", "text": "MARGAO: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar stated on Saturday that the government will ensure that the benefits of the cyberage scheme, wherein computers are provided to students, will reach all students of higher secondary schools in Goa.He said this during his address after inaugurating Vidya Vikas Academy's higher secondary wing on Saturday in the presence of Margao MLA Digambar Kamat. The higher secondary has technical collaboration with IIT-ian's Pace Education Mumbai, who have expertise in teaching.Parrikar said that the cyberage scheme will be made applicable to the students of this higher secondary as well.The new state-of-the-art building built at a cost of 2 crore has a fully air conditioned classroom, interactive projectors and other such features including a mini-sports arena.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15090987", "title": "HIV jab could soon replace daily pill regimen", "text": "Researchers are trying to develop an injection that will replace the daily pill regimen for HIV patients. Earlier this week, the Food and Drug Administration approved a daily pill, Truvada, which reduces the risk of HIV infection. A team of researchers from the University of Nebraska Medical Center is progressing towards developing weekly or twice-monthly injectable antiretroviral therapy (ART) nanomedicines for patients with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection. A long-acting, nanoformulated ART (nanoART) would be a substantive improvement over daily and sometimes more complex regimen of pills, lead investigator on the development of nanoART for HIV/AIDS and professor and chairman of the department of pharmacology and experimental neuroscience (PEN) at UNMC, Howard Gendelman, MD, said. A journal article hails the successful testing of UNMC's ART injectables as treatment of HIV-infected mice and in preventing new infections. \"We actually followed the process exactly as we would with a person - and it worked,\" Dr. Gendelman said. \"This is all very exciting. Although there are clear pitfalls ahead and the medicines are not yet ready for human use, the progress is undeniable.\" Dr. Gendelman said one of the project's real advantages is in the nanoformulations. \"NanoART is cell directed. So when you take a pill, the pill travels throughout the body indiscriminately. In these nanomedicines, you can use the body's own cells to direct the medicine where you want it to go,\" he said. The UNMC project directs the medicine to the monocyte-macrophage, cells which carry the drug particle to sites of the body specifically where HIV grows. \"You're using the cell that is the target for the virus to deliver the drug against the virus,\" Dr. Gendelman said. Dr. Gendelman calls the progress made \"a Nebraska invention,\" as it involved so many of the state's scientists in different disciplines working together. He said this marks the third article his team has had published in major biomedical journals in recent months with all the articles related to the nanomedicine injectable therapy. The advance to use the new nanomedicines to specifically target reservoirs for viral infection was explained by Georgette Kanmogne, Ph.D., associate professor in PEN, lead investigator, and published in the International Journal of Nanomedicine. This paper describes how these drug inventions can enter the brain and ameliorate nervous system disease. The third study, published in Trends in Neurosciences, is a research area led by Larisa Poluektova, M.D., Ph.D., associate professor in PEN, and the developer of the mouse models of HIV/AIDS used in study. \"We work as a team and work effectively as a team with different scientists with very different disciplines involved in different aspects of the work,\" Dr. Gendelman said. This research team is made up of two UNMC colleges, four departments and two universities. The drugs were developed in UNMC labs using nanoformulation approaches. The ART tests in mouse models were made possible by UNMC's development of specially designed mice. Because mice cannot catch human HIV, UNMC has developed mice with the equivalent of a human immune system. Such a mouse model enables advanced tests on HIV and its treatment. Dr. Kanmogne said an ART injection would be an improvement for HIV patients because it would produce all the medicine needed without the complications of remembering to take pills daily, drug toxicities, buildup of viral resistance, intestinal problems, or the social stigma of pills. The work will be presented at the forthcoming meeting for the American Society for Nanomedicine, where Dr. Gendelman will serve as conference chair. The study has been recently published in the Journal of Infectious Diseases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15085640", "title": "Centre to help Uttar Pradesh develop Sufi Circuit Project", "text": "LUCKNOW: Union Minister for Tourism Subodh Kant Sahay met Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav on Saturday to discuss ways in which to boost Uttar Pradesh' tourism potential. Apart from taking stock of the state's preparedness ahead of the Mahakumbh in 2013, in which over seven crore tourists are expected to participate, the two ministers and top bureaucrats of the Central and state government also discussed ways to create more avenues for generating employment and increasing revenue through tourism in UP.After Jairam Ramesh , Sahay is the second Union minister to visit the state after the Samajwadi government took over the reins in UP in March. He expressed satisfaction with UP for registering the highest numbers of domestic arrivals in 2011. Sahay also said that UP must focus on increasing foreign arrivals by at least one per cent and domestic tourists arrivals by 12% during the 12th Five Year Plan period. Last week, the ministry of tourism approved Rs 25 crore for the development of Mathura. It also agreed to release over Rs 5 crore for the beautification of ponds and ghats in Ayodhya.It was also agreed upon that the Central government would okay and financially aid the Sufi Circuit Project, the development of Tajganj and roads around the Taj Mahal.The state has 33 Sufi sites and a scheme has been made to develop public utilities for tourists and pilgrims. These places have a pan-Indian and special attraction for foreign tourists.Plans are afoot to develop theme parks in the country to attract tourists and keep them at a destination for a longer duration, Sahay said.In the detailed discussions with the state government, Sahay also emphasised the need to rope in private partners for developing the tourism sector in Uttar Pradesh. He said: \"With the rich cultural heritage that UP has, we do not need to tell the state government it has the potential of being a sought-after tourist centre. There, is, however, a need to develop this.\"In a bid to assist all states in this direction, Sahay also apprised the state government that the Union government has appointed private consultants at the Centre for developing tourism plans. These consultants, he said, can be engaged by the state government to develop detailed tourism promotion plans for the state. Charges for the consultancy services, Sahay added, would be borne by the ministry of tourism.Among other concerns raised by the ministry with the state government on Saturday, was a proposal to optimize the use of state government-owned guest houses across Uttar Pradesh. The Union minister suggested that since large chunks of land in government guest houses remain unused, a revenue model should be developed to rope in private partners and develop a hotel at these locations. Through this process, while the government can continue to use the space, it will also allow the government to generate additional revenue and make these existing spaces commercially viable.Sources said Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav has welcomed the proposal and has decided to consider its feasibility.Among other key issues taken up by the Centre and state governments on Saturday, the Union minister laid emphasis on the need to develop the Sufi and Buddhist sectors in the state. Sahay also said the Centre proposed to kick start the Clean India Campaign initiative in UP's Varanasi and Agra districts. The initiative, that was started by the ministry of tourism and the Archaeological Survey Of India in New Delhi this year, aims to protect heritage sites, provide clean drinking water, hygienic toilet facilities and maintenance of parking lots in order to attract more tourists.Responding to the meeting with the Central minister and other government officials, Akhilesh said UP government has already initiated several steps to boost the state's tourism potential. Saying a Buddhist conclave would be hosted in Sarnath in the end of September, the chief minister said that the government was also focusing on creating employment for over 4,000 people through skill training programmes.Akhilesh also said UP would send a proposal to the Centre for the release of JICA funds for implementing the second phase of development works in the Buddhist circuit. The state government, Akhilesh said, was working towards connecting all important tourist destinations with four-lane roads. Online payment of entry tax to tourist vehicles entering UP would also be made soon. In the meantime, however, depots for collection of tax, he said, would be set up in Bareilly, Saharanpur, Agra and Delhi.When asked about objection raised by the Union environment and forest ministry over state government's Lion Safari project in Etawah, Akhilesh said that the forest ministry is concerned about greenery. \"We will convince it that we are replacing wild shrubs and vegetation with trees in the area and there will be no damage to the environment,\" he said. Without taking name of the Congress party as union tourism minister Sahay, who is a Congress leader, was sitting next to him, Akhilesh said that the previous governments are responsible for 'babool' plantation in the area to keep dacoits away. We are restoring the forest the region had earlier, he said. It was during Congress regime in the state in 80s, when babool was planted in large scale in dacoit infested area including Etawah.Following his meeting with the chief minister, Sahay also dropped in to meet party officials at the UP Congress Committee office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15086717", "title": "Choked drains Patna Municipal Corporation's bane", "text": "PATNA: Waterlogging, which is the most common malaise plaguing several parts of the state capital during the rainy season, could become acute this year too due to choked drains.Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) officials said encroachments, dumping of solid wastes and deposition of silt choked the drainage channels and reinforced concrete drains, causing waterlogging in the central and eastern areas of Patna.\"Many city drains were found choked with plastic bags. Despite repeated requests to Patnaites, use of plastic bags continues unabated on a large scale,\" said PMC commissioner Pankaj Kumar Pal. He said there are 1,200km of underground drains under the control of PMC, but the civic body don't have the required equipment to clean them. The choked underground drains lead to acute waterlogging in several areas.Pal said, \"Besides plastic bags, encroachment over drains also cause choking of the drains at many places. Such encroachments will be removed at the earliest to maintain the natural flow of drains.\"\"We have limited funds and other resources and we work according to it. Every year, we clean drains ahead of monsoon and the exercise was carried out this year too. But we cannot deny that the drainage system of the city is very old and needs complete overhaul,\" said PMC additional commissioner, Chandrama Singh. He also claimed that most of the manholes were covered after contractors were hired for the job last month. Incidentally, open manholes lead to dumping of waste in drains.\"Kuchcha drains are choked with heaps of garbage. Encroachment over drains at several places diverted their natural flow. We have to face a tough time in cleaning such drains,\" said Narayan, a sanitation worker.However, of the 122 pumping stations to drain out water, 113 are operational and the remaining nine would be made operational soon. Besides, an engineer with a mobile phone has been on deputation at each of the pumping stations and mobile teams have also been constituted to react to any situation.BB Sinha, a resident of Patliputra Colony, said, \"Open manhole at the starting point of road number 1/E, New Patliputra Colony, must be repaired and covered urgently. Vehicles carrying schoolchildren are getting trapped in this open manhole. There is no street light and during night pedestrians might fall into it. This road is the most busiest route for the kids to reach their respective schools from Patelnagar and Indrapuri areas.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15085805", "title": "Modern bus shelter project hits roadblock", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The project being undertaken by Thiruvananthapuram Road Development Company Limited (TRDCL) to set up modern bus shelters with a new look has halted midway as the company is yet to receive payment for the already completed bus shelters.TRDCL has now decided to temporarily drop the project anticipating a huge loss, if it proceeds with the project. The government had directed TRDCL to set up 30 new bus shelters at various points in the city. TRDCL took up the scheme after former collector Dinesh Arora had given green signal to go ahead with the construction of bus shelters.About 12 bus shelters had already come up under the scheme at places like Sasthamangalam, Kowdiar and Peroorkada. The bus shelters which are designed to have a sporty look have display boards in three different languages. In addition to this, the TRDCL had planned to equip the bus shelters with FM radio, lighting and back-light panels. A crisp description of the city along with notifications regarding distance and major tourist points in the city was also planned as part of the scheme.\"We have used high-grade stainless steel and aluminium composite panels for the bus shelters. Each bus-shelter would cost us around Rs 4-5 lakh. Already payment of Rs 36 lakh is pending for the six bus-shelters we have completed. Unless the payment dues are cleared, the company cannot afford to go ahead with the project,\" a TRDCL official explained.The entire project is slated to cost around Rs 1.2 crore. TRDCL had also planned to set up two bus shelters each at SMV School junction, Ayurveda College junction, Chief telegraph office (CTO) and AGs office junction. However, the road fund board officials said that they had already recommended for the payment of five bus shelters to TRDCL.\"In fact the company has received payment for five bus shelters. The project was implemented using MLA fund during the tenure of LDF government. The construction of the shelters is not a component of the city road improvement project. The road fund board is not responsible for the work of other bus shelters the company had undertaken voluntarily,\" said a road fund board official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15086205", "title": "Festival of swings brings monsoon masti", "text": "Mirroring the magic of rains, Teej, the festival of swings is here when women in colourful garments are seen singing on the swings, feasting and pampering themselves \u2014 and most importantly enjoying a variety of Rajasthani delicacies.Though primarily celebrated in Rajasthan, the women of Tricity are also geared to celebrate the festival with great enthusiasm. And since no festivities are complete without sweet delights - traditional sweets like ghevar, kheer, malpue, choorma were available in special decorated gift boxes in Tricity markets. Besides these, lip-smacking dishes like dal baati (made of urad dal), rajma beans, feni, etc are also available at shops across Tricity. Adding a touch of modernization to the celebrations, many shops have even come up with innovative and special gift baskets of chocolates and juices to gift loved ones on this day.Neena Bhagri, a resident of Sector 33, said, \"The rains have come to city on the heels of the month of saawan. And there's no better way to celebrate it than having great food, pampering oneself and going on a shopping spree. We too take immense pleasure in celebrating the festival and make various preparations before hand. This year we plan to give out beautifully and innovatively packed gift delights available in city markets to our friends and totally gorge on amazing Rajasthani delicacies available during this time.\"Applying henna to one's hands and feet is a special and most beautiful tradition of this festival. Sectors 22, 15, 17 and 19, witnessed huge crowds, both young and married girls, getting special Mehndi designs applied to match the mood of the festival.Mehndi artist at Sector 15 market, Parmod Gupta, said, \"On Teej, women try to look as beautiful as they can. Intricate mehndi designs are also applied to hands and feet. In order to satisfy all tastes we apply different types of mehndi designs like Arabian, Rajasthani and glitter mix. This year, Rajasthan style mehndi design is in great demand.\"Apart from this, beautifully decorated swings are hung from trees and attractively dressed women dance and sing various Teej and Sawan songs. Women offer prayers to Parvati Mata and the Teej Vrat successfully completes. \"Teej festival is primarily for women. We get to wear new clothes, jewellery, footwear and bangles. Since this is my first Teej after marriage, I'm quite excited. I'm told that through our fasting, we pray for the long life of our spouses on this day,\" said Meena Gupta of Sector 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15084765", "title": "FDA raids 30 gutka outlets", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after the state's ban on gutka and pan masala came into effect, the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) cracked down on 30 establishments on Saturday. The teams comprising four assistant commissioners and 20 food security officers seized banned products worth Rs 3.23 lakh from Byculla, Wadala and Worli.FDA assistant commissioner (food) Suresh Deshmukh said the raids would continue on Sunday. \"We have started with areas where we suspected hoarding of the banned products could take place The teams will be working on holidays too,\" he said. He said the teams were going in big numbers so that they can tackle anyone preventing them from carrying out the raids. The teams have been raiding roadside pan stalls, shops to establishments likely to hoard it.Deshmukh said they are searching for premises as those stocking the products are trying to hide it. \"People have been hiding or storing gutka in all kinds of places,\" Deshmukh said. \"We found them inside boxes meant for biscuits,\" he said.Meanwhile, the head and neck surgeon of Tata Memorial Hospital, Dr Pankaj Chaturvedi, said, \"People should use this opportunity to quit the addiction as that can easily increase their life span by six to eight years.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15084417", "title": "Less crime in Mumbai than many other cities", "text": "MUMBAI: There might be a spurt of crimes in the metropolis, but when compared to 52 other cities across the country, Mumbai, with its huge population, seems to fare much better than other places in maintaining law and order, reveals a data by National Crime Records Bureau.Even as there was spurt in serious crimes in the metropolis, compared to serious crimes in 53 major cities across the country, the law and order situation in Mumbai was much better.\"For the first time, the NCRB has analyzed crime data in 53 major cities in the country. Given its huge population, the rate of crime is, no doubt, high in Mumbai, but when we compared the situation with 52 other cities, we feel it is much better here,\" a senior home department official told TOI on Saturday.Going by the NCRB report, in 2011, Vijaywada in Andhra Pradesh achieved the dubious distinction of topping the list of cities where crime against women was the highest, followed by Kota, Kolam and Jaipur; Mumbai stood at 45th place. Of the total crime against women registered in the country in 2009, 7.4% cases were registered in Maharashtra, and the figure decreased to 6.87% in 2011. When it came to serious crimes, like murder, Mumbai stood at 32nd place in 2010, while in 2011, it dropped to 45th. Similar was the rate in rape, vehicle theft, kidnapping, dowry deaths and arson and loot. When it came to other serious crimes, Raipur in Chhattisgarh led the list, with 1.25 lakh cases registered there, followed by Agra and Lucknow; Mumbai again stood at the 46th place. \"In 2011, 5,034 serious crimes were registered in Mumbai, while the figure in Raipur was 1.25 lakh,\" he said.At the state level, the official said, Chhatisgarh recorded the highest number of crimes (2.73 lakh), while Uttar Pradesh came second with 1.8 lakh cases; Kerala with 2.46 lakh incidents and Gujarat with 2.21 lakh followed UP, while Maharashtra stood at the 11th place, with 1.30 lakh cases. \"The state might be at the 11th position but our contention is that compared to the population of Mumbai and Maharashtra, the law and order situation is under control. If we consider the crime rate, say the number of crimes committed per lakh people, then the scene in Mumbai is better compared to the other cities scrutinized,\" the official said.Moreover, he added, the rate of crime in the state had been dropping over the years as was evident from the fact that in 1953, of the total offences registered under the Indian Penal Code, 13% were in Maharashtra, while in 2011, it decreased to 8.81%; this, despite the rise in population in the state.Position of Mumbai among 53 big cities in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "noida/new delhi", "code": "15084801", "title": "Got stared at? Get back at the perverts, online", "text": "NOIDA/NEW DELHI: 'Maybe clothes cause sexual harassment, or maybe you're just a pervert'. 'You raped her because her clothes provoked you? I should break your face. Your stupidity provokes me'.At \"Got Stared At\", an online campaign and discourse on rape, the posters and comments can get nasty, and, straight to the point. Delhi engineer Dhruv Arora began the campaign as a Facebook page in January and six months later, there are 8,000 followers and counting, not to mention the thousands sharing their quirky and brash posters. And with the one-liners going viral, support has now started pouring in from all over the world too.\"A number of people who go through sexual harassment don't speak about it. Gotstared.at is an open page where logical discussions can take place,\" says Arora. For instance, he says, women began sending in photographs of what they were wearing when they were harassed. \"We encourage people to send photographs. Whether they want to show their face or not is a different matter. But we want to people to realize there is no shame,\" said Dua.Six months old and already 8,000 strongIn January, Delhi engineer Dhruv Arora began an online campaign \"Got Stared At\" to encourage people to share their stories of harassment in public. Six months on, the Facebook page has over 8,000 followers.\"We need to move away from a system where the woman in blamed for being molested or harassed in public,\" said Arora, who now runs the campaign with Saransh Dua, who has a background in marketing.The photographs are uploaded on the website and the Facebook page, encouraging people to comment on them and share their views. One photograph of a girl in a school uniform comes with a message: \"This is what I was wearing. Tell me it was my fault\".Initially aimed at creating an online forum for the youth to speak about sexual harassment and gender issues, Arora and Dua are now planning to hit the ground with the support of Noida based NGO SADRAG. \"Ultimately, the youth can reach out and motivate the youth. Such campaigns are necessary to jolt the public into action,\" said Mala Bhandari of SADRAG.The campaign's popularity has prompted the duo to recruit volunteers too. \"We are planning to increase our offline presence. Already, we have meetings in the city where Delhiites are sharing incidents of harassment in public and at times even in the family,\" says Dua.The duo say there are plans to commercial as well to sustain the campaign, by selling posters and t-shirts with the slogans that have poured in online.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15085410", "title": "Mamata strikes a chord with GJM", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Saturday used the platform of the July 21 rally to showcase her achievements in Darjeeling, but she did not have much to offer in concrete terms after spending more than a year in power.A tribute to her statesmanship in Darjeeling came from Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM), whose representative Harka Bahadur Chhetri promised that his party would not resume its separatist ways as long as Mamata continued to steer the state and consider development of the hills as her first priority. In return, the chief minister promised to give GJM a walkover in the Gorkhaland Territorial Administration polls by withdrawing 17 Trinamool candidates, who had filed their nominations.The GJM representatives were specially invited for the first time to the July 21 rally, which has become an annual event for Trinamool Congress. It was not clear if Chhetri was speaking on the spur of the moment or with mandate from his party's central committee. But what he promised was quite significant. \"As long as Mamata Banerjee is the chief minister and Trinamool Congress continues to run the government, we will be together,\" Chhetri said, addressing the meeting. \"It is time for development in the hills, we will work together and reach our destination together.\"Acknowledging Mamata's sincere efforts to bring development in hills, Chhetri said this was the first time that a chief minister was visiting the hills regularly. \"She has come to Darjeeling eight times, her ministers are also visiting the hills regularly. Within a day of the earthquake in the hills, she visited Darjeeling. She also came after the bridge collapse at Bijanbari and spent a day in the hospital supervising treatment of the injured,\" Chhetri said.Responding to GJM's gesture, Mamata announced her decision to withdraw from the GTA polls 17 Trinamool candidates. \"On the day of the election, all our candidates will be present in Darjeeling to welcome the elected GJM representatives. I will myself be present during the swearing-in of the new council on August 4.\"Explaining the reason for Trinamool's move to file nominations first and then withdrawing from the contest, she said GJM had already won majority of the seats in GTA - 28 out of 45 - uncontested and contest in rest of the seats did not mean much. \"We had decided to contest for the sake of democracy. Trinamool is in politics for overall development of the state, not for the sake of doing politics. We don't want confrontation. We want to improve our relations with the GJM.\"In her speech in front of lakhs of Trinamool supporters, Mamata also highlighted the return of peace in Jangalmahal, pointing out that residents there were getting rice at a subsidized rate. Unwilling farmers in Singur would also get rice at Rs 2 a kg till their land was returned. \"The land is already in the possession of the state and we will return them as soon as the court case is over,\" she promised. The chief minister claimed that the industrial situation in the state had improved, investments worth Rs 1 lakh crore were lined up. Also, in the first year of office, her government could create 6,00,000 additional jobs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15089965", "title": "Rihanna entertains Magic Johnson on yacht", "text": "Rihanna, who has been touring Italy with her female friends and is having a great time partying on a rented luxury yacht , invited former basketball star Magic Johnson to join in the festivities.The 52-year-old former Laker was spotted climbing aboard the huge vessel as it was moored off the coast of St Tropez in the south of France.Rihanna greeted the NBA star warmly with a handshake and a hug before showing off her holiday pad, the Daily Mail reported.The 24-year-old flaunted her perfect shape in a black and white striped bikini top and a pair of bright pink bottoms.Magic, whose real name is Earvin Johnson , also seemed to have enjoyed the day as he tweeted about his great experience on the yacht.\"We had a great time hanging with @Rihanna and her friends on her yacht.\" he tweeted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15092241", "title": "Amputee hero of Kargil War inspires others to run", "text": "NEW DELHI: India's first blade runner Retd Major Devender Pal Singh on Sunday led a group of amputee athletes to put on their running shoes in honour of the Kargil War's Heroes as part of the 'Vijay Diwas' celebrations.The run started from India Gate this morning and went past the Pragati Maidan before coming back to the starting point.Celebrated on July 26, 'Vijay Diwas' commemorates the success of the Indian defence forces in 'Operation Vijay', known as the Kargil War.The event 'Salute and Run' was organised jointly by a group -- Indian Army Fans -- from the social networking site Facebook, and an NGO for helping Indian amputees called 'the Challenging Ones', founded by Major D P Singh.Singh was injured in the July of 1999 when an enemy mortar exploded just a meter away from him during the peak of the Kargil War. After three days of flirting with death, his right leg had to be amputated below his knee as gangrene set in.\"When doctors told me about the amputation, the first thing I told myself was now I will show the world how disabled people live. It was difficult for me to even walk initially. But over the last decade or so, I prepared myself to start running in order to inspire others,\" said Singh.Singh is one of the country's first runner to compete with the fibre blade prosthetic leg, similar to the one made famous by South African amputee runner Oscar Pistorius.Also present at the event were parents of Kargil martyr Capt Anuj Nayyer, recipient of second highest gallantry award in the Indian Armed Forces and noted para-athlete Deepa Malik, winner of many international medals in events such as swimming, shot-put and javelin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15093317", "title": "Will the creek-bridge match width of Sion-Panvel road to avoid congestion?", "text": "MUMBAI: In the wake of expansion of Sion-Panvel highway to 12 lanes, the future expansion of six-lane creek bridge between Mankhurd and Vashi to 12 lane to match the width of the road has taken a hit. This may create a bottleneck for traffic if bridge remains unexpanded and the road expansion, which is already underway, is achieved.So far the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA) has not approved the funding to the Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation (MSRDC) proposal to expand the bridge by building anoterh six-lane parallel bridge. The cost of the project is pegged at around 525 crore.MMRDA officials have reportedly said that since they were already in the process of building 22 km long sea link between Nhava and Sewri, they had constraints in financing such projects. In fact, they reported to have told MSRDC officials that sealink will anyways decongest the Vashi-Mankhurd creek bridge. Meanwhile, Cidco, which is building the new airport, is also reported to be tight-lipped over sharing funds for the project. In fact the expansion of SIon-Panvel highway has already begun in full swing.It has been reported that MSRDC is facing a financial crisis. It was also because of this that the elaborate MTHL project, which was earlier expected to be implemented by MSRDC, was later transferred to MMRDA. \"We will be writing to MSRDC that we won't be able to finance the venture as we have to look after our own projects also. But if the government asks us to fund them, then we certainly will,\" added a senior MMRDA official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15084693", "title": "Yamuna e-way to open in first week of August", "text": "NEW DELHI: Yamuna Expressway is likely to be thrown open to the public in the first week of August. The decision was taken at a meeting in Lucknow, chaired by chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Friday evening, sources said.Government officials said the toll rates for all categories of vehicles plying on this stretch would be notified in the next few days so that the expressway developer gets enough time to publicize them. \"All pending issues are being sorted out and the developer has been asked to carry out checks and tests finally before the commercial operation of this stretch begins,\" an official said.About 10 days back, the UP industrial development commissioner, Anil Kumar Gupta, had been given a 15-day deadline for sorting out all the pending issues related to the expressway and send the report to the government.Sources said the state law department was also asked to vet the toll tax and speed limit. Recently, the state government notified the speed limit for vehicles - 100kmph for cars.The 165-km-long expressway connecting Agra and Greater Noida has been waiting for clearances from the UP government for a long time now.Sources in Jaypee, the developer, said all facilities have been put in place. While setting up of petrol pumps along the expressway would take time, the developer will make available petrol dispensing units at three toll plazas, each of 6,000-litre capacity. \"We have already tied up with Indian Oil Corporation ( IOC ) which will set up the fuel stations. Since it will take a month or two, the fuel dispending units at toll plazas would be enough to meet the need,\" said one of them.The developer has also tied up with a major fast food chain which would run the food joints along the expressway. \"The company has told us they need to be one day ahead of the opening of the expressway. Everything is in place. We are just waiting for the opening of expressway,\" said a Jaypee official.He added that CCTV cameras and patrolling units have already been put in place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15085529", "title": "Heritage code now in English", "text": "MARGAO: Fifty years after Goa's liberation from Portuguese rule, Goa has finally got the Code of Comunidades translated from Portuguese into English language.Pursuant to the directives of the high court of Bombay at Goa, the state government has notified the \"authentic English translation\" in the official gazette dated July 19.Former additional collector of Goa, Egipsy Noronha Rodrigues, has done the English translation which has been reviewed by senior advocate, Manohar Usgaonkar, who is also well versed in the Portuguese language. The concluding part of the English translation of the Code of Comunidades also contains an extensive note by Usgaonkar explaining various legal concepts connected with the institution of Comunidades.The Code of Comunidades 1961 (Legislative Diploma no. 2070 dated 15-4-1961) regulates the administration and functioning of Comunidades and the rights and liabilities of its members, among others. The original Code is in Portuguese language having been enacted by then Portuguese government. It was never authentically translated even though several translations by various persons were in circulation in the last 50 years. Inspite of absence of such authentic translation, the Code of Comunidades was amended 10 times between 1982 and 2001.The provisions of the original Code that were amended dealt mainly with allotment of Comunidade plots to certain categories of landless persons without auction, removal of illegal encroachments and process of elections to managing committees.Attorney of Aquem comunidade, Celestino Noronha, and two other Comunidade shareholders from South Goa had filed a writ petition in the high court of Bombay at Goa in 2009, seeking certain directions regarding the important issues facing the age-old bodies, including a direction to the government to prepare an authentic translation in English.The court, in an order dated July 29, 2010, directed the state government to prepare and publish an authentic translation of the Code of Comunidades into English under clause (iii) of Article 348 of the Constitution of India within a year's time. After seeking several extensions of time, the government complied with the above said directives and published the translated Code of Comunidade into English in the form of booklets.Welcoming the notification of the English translation, Noronha, one of the petitioners, said that he was \"profoundly grateful to the judiciary for its \"path breaking pronouncements\" relating to comunidades.Going a step further, comunidade activist, Savio Correia said: \"All amendments to the Code and the application of revenue and tenancy laws to comunidade lands based on unauthorized and misleading translations have to be reviewed in the light of the authentic translation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15093377", "title": "Deepika receives grand welcome back home", "text": "Deepika Singh, the lead actress of Diya Aur Bati Hum received a grand welcome when she visited her home city, Delhi for a shoot.\"I was a girl next door till I was doing theaters in Delhi. I never thought that I would grab the lead role of this show. I am glad to my fans for appreciating my role,\" says Deepika Singh.She was in Delhi to shoot the sequence where her husband Sooraj ( Anas Rashid) participates in a cookery show. When the locals came to know about it, they began to gather outside her home in large numbers just to get a glimpse of their favourite telly heroine.\"I reached home around 8 in the morning but could not enter my house till 11 as there was huge crowd of people. The ladies of my colony were dressed like me; they had worn the same kind of saris I wear and they were quite excited to meet me,\" quips Deepika who is thankful to her fans for all the love and support.Deepika was helping her dad in his business before she gave an attempt to Indian television. The actress is working day and night to prove her mettle as an actor. We wish her luck in all her future endeavors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15086233", "title": "Chandigarh Transport Undertaking to start special buses for govt schools", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The long pending demand of schools students will soon be fulfilled as the Chandigarh Transport Undertaking (CTU) has decided to start a special bus service to transport government school students. The buses will ferry students back and forth from school and will run exclusively for them in morning and afternoon hours. The CTU authorities have asked the UT education department, which in turn has asked the schools, to provide data complete with information on students' pick and drop destination for school.Following this information, CTU will prepare the bus route. The non AC bus service is expected to start in the first week of August and any school student, in possession of a CTU pass, can avail this service. Students can also buy a ticket to avail the service.This bus service will only be limited for commute in Chandigarh. Confirming the decision, general manager of CTU, S P Parmar said, \"We are waiting for the details of students which needs to be provided by the UT education department. The service will start as soon as we get the required information.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15091704", "title": "Vijay steals Jiiva's show?", "text": "When Mysskin and the UTV team announced that Vijay and Puneeth Rajkumar would be the special guests for the Mugamoodi audio launch, seldom did they expect that Vijay's fans would usurp the event that was meant to be Jiiva's audio launch.The fans couldn't contain themselves when the actor entered and they kept hooting and cheering all the while when Ilayathalapathy was on the stage. In fact, even the makers who were present there were so taken in by the frenzy that their speeches were all about Vijay and his success and they forgot the main reason why they were present - the audio launch!To salvage the event, Vijay himself stepped in and showed some quick presence of mind. When he was asked to speak on stage, he mentioned how his son Sanjay is a big fan of Jiiva. He also said how he himself liked Jiiva as a person and an actor and added that he was looking forward to catching Mugamoodi as eagerly as his son is.The superhero film Mugamoodi , which stars Jiiva and Pooja Hegde in the lead roles, is supposed to hit the screens on July 31 and has Narain playing the antagonist in it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15085555", "title": "Fish vendors place woes before CM", "text": "MARGAO: Fish vendors affected by the anti-encroachment drive by the Margao Municipal Council (MMC) chose to meet the chief minister, Manohar Parrikar , on Saturday, where he had come to inaugurate a higher secondary section of an educational institution in Margao.Though the chief minister heard their grievances and assured to deal with their issue sympathetically, Parrikar said he would not brook any compromise that would hinder free flow of traffic in the city or mess up the surroundings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15090022", "title": "No issues getting naked: Charlize Theron", "text": "Charlize Theron has admitted that she has no qualms about getting naked on screen.The 36-year-old actress said that it depends on who she was doing the sex scenes with.\"I don't have issues getting naked. That sounds very slutty,\" the Daily Express quoted her as telling W magazine.\"What I mean is I'm not hung up on my body and I've been lucky to work with people I've been really comfortable with,\" she saidBut her co-star in the film 'Prometheus' 35-year-old Michael Fassbender is much less at ease with the idea.\"Sex scenes sound like more fun than they are. Death scenes are easier, really. Maybe because I've died so many times!\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15093758", "title": "Focus on state tourism in Andhra Pradesh", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state tourism department is focusing on strengthening its infrastructure and encouraging public-private partnerships in the state, said V Vasant Kumar, tourism minister of Andhra Pradesh while inaugurating the Travel and Tourism Fair in the city on Friday.The event saw the Andhra Pradesh Tourism Development Corporation (APTDC) sign an MoU with the travel website MakeMyTrip which will enable its users to view and book packages offered by APTDC online. A \"Hop on hop off\" city tour package too was launched for tourists not willing to opt for full-day city tour packages. This facility will be available at 13 bus stations across the city, and allow travelers to pick the spots they want to visit. The price of tickets will range between Rs 150 and Rs 250.Speaking at the event Sandeep Sultania, vice chairman and managing director of APTDC said that the state also had plans to expand its tourism and hotel management institutes- the Indian Institute of Tourism and Travel Management, Nellore and State Institute of Hotel Management, Tirupati to increase the local manpower in the industry. He further said that a year-long schedule of special festivals had been planned to showcase AP's tourism hotspots.The three-day event which is the 97th edition of the fair and the 10th in Hyderabad is being used as a platform to aggressively promote tourist attractions in the host state. The fair has 160 stalls from 19 Indian states and seven foreign countries including Bhutan, Kenya, Maldives, Sri Lanka, Thailand and Uzbekistan.Also present at the event were Chandana Khan, special chief secretary, tourism and Rajat Kumar, commissioner, tourism.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15089869", "title": "Ministries asked to keep PMO, Cabinet secretariat out of court cases", "text": "NEW DELHI: Against the backdrop of various litigants making the Prime Minister's Office and the Cabinet Secretariat parties in court cases, all ministries have been asked to ensure that top institutions do not get embroiled in cases not related to them.In a recent circular, the Cabinet Secretariat has told all ministries that if they find that either the PMO or the Cabinet Secretariat have been made parties in a court case relating to their department, they should immediately implead themselves as respondents and try to get the names of the Principal Secretary to the Prime Minister and the Cabinet secretariat removed as respondents.The circular said while judicial relief sought on grievances is usually granted, non-compliance results in contempt petitions impleading the Principal Secretary to PM and Cabinet Secretariat.It said ministries would henceforth handle representations or petitions sent to PMO or Cabinet Secretariat regarding their subject, take prompt action and ask the applicants to address future correspondence to them so that the top institutions are not unnecessarily dragged to courts.\"The matter has been examined...the primary responsibility for the disposal of government business rests with ministries and departments concerned in terms of the Government of India (Allocation of Business) Rules, 1977; except to the extent the business is specifically allocated to the Cabinet Secretariat or PMO,\" states the circular.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15087061", "title": "H1N1 claims 2nd life in 15 days in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: A 56-year-old Ambivli man died of H1N1 on Thursday , making it the second death due to the virus in the Mumbai Metropolitan Region in a fortnight . The death of Satish Sutar, who is suspected to have been infected during a recent visit to Pune, has increased the state's toll to 29 in three months, the highest in the country so far.Sutar had been down with cold since July 1 but ignored it. Only when his condition worsened did he approach doctors. In fact, he was not diagnosed or treated for swine flu till a day before his death. P 4", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15085840", "title": "The life of Pi", "text": "It's one of the most mysterious numbers in mathematics, and clearly one of the most loved. Well, how else did the little pi manage to wrangle two celebratory days a year - Global Pi Day, March 14, to represent pi's decimal value of 3.14 and coincidentally Albert Einstein's birthday; and Pi Approximation Day, July 22, to represent its fractional avatar 22/7.Even as you read this, T-shirts, mugs and other memorabilia are being sold in various parts of the world to celebrate the world of pi ( ). In mathematics, pi denotes the ratio of the circumference of a circle to its diameter and was first given its 22/7 formulation by Archimedes.In India, there may not be memorabilia but the day is being marked with lectures and seminars on the mystery of pi as well as its Indian connection. \"As this is also the Year of Mathematics in India, being Srinivasa Ramanujam's 125th birth anniversary, mathematicians have been giving a series of lectures over the weekends in different parts of Chennai,\" says R Sivaraman, of the Pie Mathematics Association, who will be speaking on Ramanujam's life and contributions next week.\"Ramanujam provided great insight into the computation of pi through his power series formulae,\" says Sivaraman. \"Thanks to his formulae, for the first time, the pi value could be accurately calculated up to 17.5 million digits. No one had managed that before,\" says Sivaraman. Now, of course, thanks to Ramanujam's formulae, computers can calculate the pi decimal value up to 1.24 trillion digits. \"Pi is central to every mathematician's research. You just cannot steer clear of it,\" says Professor Rajeeva L Karandikar, director, Chennai Mathematical Institute.\"You need pi for everything, right from digging a well to sending satellites into space,\" says Sivaraman, who adds he believes that the more you know of pi, the more secrets of nature you can unlock. Incidentally, ancient Indian mathematicians Aryabhatta and Bhramagupta also cut into pi. Astronomer-mathematician Aryabhatta of the sixth century AD calculated its value up to four places, while Bhramagupta in the eighth century AD, used 3 as a \"practical\" value of pi, and the square root of 10 as an \"accurate\" value of pi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15084893", "title": "Mosque site cordoned off amid protest from locals", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amid heavy police presence and protests by locals, the North Delhi Municipal Corporation cordoned off Subhash Park grounds, the purported site of the 17th century Akbarabadi Masjid, on Saturday. No one was allowed inside to offer prayers, but the site could not be handed over to the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) as ordered by the Delhi high court.\"Those who came from ASI were there only to collect samples of the so-called Mughal-era ruins found during digging by the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation,\" said municipal commissioner P K Gupta, who visited the site around 3pm. ASI officials said they were waiting for the culture ministry's permission to take over the land.\"We will abide by the HC's order. We will take over the site to verify the claims being made by locals that it contains remains of the Akbarabadi Masjid that was razed by the British a century ago,\" said an ASI official.The cordoning triggered heavy stone-pelting and protests, with locals demanding that they be allowed to offer prayers at the site, as they did on Friday. Despite police personnel ringing the site, hundreds of protesters blocked the road and threw stones at passing buses. At least two low-floor DTC buses were damaged and an 18-year-old passenger had to be taken to hospital with head injuries.Protesters clash with copsThe North Delhi Municipal Corporation cordoned off Subhash Park grounds, the purported site of the Akbarabadi Masjid, on Saturday.Police had been deployed in the area since 7am when corporation staff began cordoning off the area. Additional companies of CRPF and the Rapid Action Force were also called in. Despite the bandobast, protesters clashed with the police twice, around 11am and 2pm, as fresh batches of people kept pouring in.Police, however, maintained that there was no violence and crowds were dispersed as soon as they turned restive. \"We are being extremely careful in handling this matter as it is sensitive. We are going to follow the high court's directive and ensure that law and order is maintained in the area and there is no infiltration at the site,\" said a police officer.MLA Shoaib Iqbal, who has been leading the demand for reconstruction of the mosque at the site, alleged that the authorities took away religious books and other material lying at the site. \"The high court had ordered to maintain status quo. But the police and other civic body officials forcibly took away some of our religious books kept inside which was uncalled for. We have filed a case in the high court on this matter which will be heard on Monday,\" he said.The North Corporation denied the allegations. \"We have prepared an inventory list of all the items - cement bags, construction tools and bricks -at the site to ensure no damage or any sort of alteration is made,\" said a senior official. He said that, along with police, corporation employees would also be present at the site.Protest hits traffic on Subhash MargTraffic on Netaji Subhash Chandra Marg, the road in front of Red Fort which serves as an important link between Old Delhi and the rest of the city, remained paralysed for the second consecutive day on Saturday as hundreds of protesters laid siege to the area demanding permission to pray at the purported site of the 17th century Akbarabadi Masjid.There were few instances of stone pelting on DTC buses despite heavy police presence. \"It was a horrifying sight. Hundreds of people had surrounded the bus we were travelling in even as police tried to clear the way,\" said Nimisha Sheokand, who was going to North campus, Delhi University . Those who had to catch a train were caught in the melee. \"I left from my home an hour in advance to catch the train. But with this traffic jam, it looks difficult that I will be able to reach on time,\" said Ramesh Kumar . Maximum chaos was witnessed in the afternoon when the local schools closed for the day. Children could be seen jostling past the protesters to reach home. Many parents, who had come to receive their children, said they could not find any rickshaw or auto and had to walk to Dilli Gate from Subhash Park.\"From Dilli Gate to Red Fort, there was massive jam all through the day. In the evening, too, the problems continued as locals thronged the disputed site and offered prayers on the main road when not allowed to go inside. Many vehicles were diverted to Salimgarh bypass, Ring Road and Jawaharlal Nehru Marg,\" said a senior official.Over 50 police and fire brigade vehicles were parked alongside the road throughout the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15084608", "title": "Convict evading arrest for 12 years, held", "text": "MADURAI: A convict who was evading arrest for last 12 years was arrested by district police on Saturday. He was sentenced two years imprisonment on charges of attempt to murder in a case that was registered in Sholavandan police limits in the year 1991.V Radhakrishnan from Keezhanachikulam in Sholavandan police station limits was booked on charges of attacking Arumugapillai of the same village and causing serious injuries to the victim in 1991 and a charge sheet was filed against him. After the trail, the sub-court convicted him to three years of imprisonment and a fine of Rs 2,000 in the year 1993. He appealed against the judgment and after the hearing, the fast track court also sustained the same punishment on the convict.However, Radhakrishnan appealed again at the Madras high court and after hearing the case, the high court reduced his punishment to two years and a fine of Rs 2,000 in the year 2000. However, Radhakrishnan went absconding on the day of judgement and the police could not trace him at his native address. But his luck came to an end on Saturday as he was arrested by district police after they received a tip-off. Police sources said that he started absconding from the day of judgement and he could not be found in the address he had given. He should have been hiding in some place for these many years before some one tipped the police about his whereabouts.He was produced before the court and has been locked up at the Madurai Central Prison, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15085509", "title": "Corporation of the city of Panaji likely to flush out Panaji's 'hi-tech' public toilets", "text": "PANAJI: Keeping with its crackdown against hoardings in the city, the Corporation of the city of Panaji (CCP) has removed advertising boards from two toilets near Campal parade ground and Panaji ferry wharf.The toilets were built on the PPP model in 2007, said Shailendra Dixit, operations manager of Pride Engineering, a Delhi-based firm. He said the firm had a 15-year contract with the CCP and was operating such projects in Delhi too.The firm was collecting monthly advertising revenue through the advertisement hoardings on either side of the structures.However, CCP officials said the hoardings were not licenced, and hence no tax was being paid on the same.Sources said the three toilets- the third one is near the Dona Paula jetty- are actually causing a loss to the CCP as the water and electricity bills for the same were being paid for by the CCP and not the company. Dixit confirmed that the CCP was footing the water and electricity bills, claiming that this was part of the agreement.\"It was a totally lopsided agreement and the CCP is not getting any revenue from the toilets,\" said a CCP official.CCP councillor Surendra Furtado said \"the company was taking the municipality for a ride.\" The toilets were built at a cost of 2 lakh and the company is making Rs 1 lakh every month from the advertising, totalling to 12 lakh in a year, he noted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15084780", "title": "Life turns topsy-turvy for teenager mom", "text": "BANGALORE: She's 13 and like any other teenager loves to watch cartoons, play with friends and lead a carefree life. But her innocence is gone. Before she leaves for school every morning at 9, she feeds her three-month-old son. And as soon as she's back from school, she doesn't lounge around; she's with her little one. This is just a beginning of a long battle for this Class VIII student.In April, life changed terribly for her when she had severe stomach pain. She was rushed to a local hospital where the doctor said she was in labour. The girl delivered a healthy baby boy. The trauma had only just begun for the family. They found out that their daughter was allegedly raped by a neighbour, who is now in jail.The 13-year-old spent her summer holidays taking care of her son. When she returned to school in June, the new mother faced humiliation. Her friends' parents did not want their girls to share the same bench with her, or even sit in the same classroom. The school, under pressure by the parents' lobby, handed the rape victim her transfer certificate.Last week, the Karnataka high court ordered the school to readmit the teenager.Being a mother has changed this child's life. Her son takes up most of her time. \"My mother helps me take care of my son. I feed him and when I am not around, my mother gives him bottled milk,\" said the girl.\"He is my son,'' she says with motherly love, pointing to her three-month old son. Sitting in their two-room house in Ramchandrapura in West Bangalore, the girl's parents have gracefully accepted the new member. \"I have a small business of broken tiles. I am raising four children and I don't mind raising the fifth child. I will give him my best till I have the strength,\" said her father.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15085973", "title": "Prosecution gets time to reply in Pujari murder case to approver's plea", "text": "PUNE: Principal district and sessions judge Anant Badar on Saturday granted time till August 6 to the prosecution in the rape and murder of techie Nayana Pujari to reply to the plea filed by accused turned approver Rajesh Chaudhary to make him an accused in the case.Special public prosecutor Harshad Nimbalkar filed a plea seeking two weeks' time to seek instructions from senior police inspector Deepak Sawant, the investigating officer in the case, to reply to Chaudhary's plea. The instructions could not be obtained earlier as Sawant was on leave, he added.One of the defence lawyers, Biju Aloor, representing the suspect Mahesh Thakur filed a reply saying that Chaudhary's plea may be allowed for withdrawal of pardon and circumstances of giving pardon may be looked into. Otherwise, justice may be denied to his client. Another suspect, Vishwas Kadam, has not replied to Chaudhary's plea.Chaudhary, in his plea on July 6, had alleged that the police had forced him to become an approver in the case. His confessional statement recorded earlier was prepared by the police and the police forced him to record it in the court, the plea said.Chaudhary had said the police had lured him into doing so by taking advantage of his poor financial condition. The plea had stated that he had turned approver because of police pressure. tnnPujari (28), a software engineer, was kidnapped from outside her office in Kharadi by four people on October 7, 2009. Her body was found the next day in the Zarewadi forest, about 50 km from here. The city crime branch had arrested Yogesh Raut, the main suspect, Mahesh Thakur, Vishwas Kadam and Chaudhary for their involvement in the heinous crime. However, Raut managed to escape from police custody when he was taken to the Sassoon hospital on September 17, 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15084107", "title": "Bank staff threaten to strike on August 22, 23", "text": "INDORE: The bank employees unions across the country have once again threatened to go on a two-day strike on August 22 and 23 if the ongoing talks between their organisation and the association of the banks' managements didn't bear any fruit.The leaders of bank staffers' association, United Forum of Bank Unions (UFBU), are holding talks with Indian Banks' Association (IBA) to press for their various demands. If IBA is not coming forward to resolve the issues of the employees, the UFBU would call for a strike on 22 and 23 August, said Vishwas Utagi, secretary, All India Bank Employees Association (AIBEA). If they strike, it will have a major impact on the banking industry because the banks will remain close on August 19 due to Eid and August 20 is a Sunday. The proposed strike is expected to paralyse the country's economy, said sources.AL Madhuraj, zonal president, Bhopal circle, SBI Award Staff Association, said, \"We have hinted at the strike so as to ensure that it must have the maximum impact on the country's economy.\" Deepak Shakergayen, deputy general secretary of the union, said that they have to inform about any strike at least 20 days in advance to their respective bank management and the chief labour commissioner and hence the selection of the fresh dates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15085168", "title": "Will back people\u2019s front in \u201914: Team Anna", "text": "NEW DELHI: Lending further credence to talks about Team Anna's likely political gambit in 2014 general polls, key member Arvind Kejriwal has confirmed for the first time that the anti-corruption crusader will put up a non-Congress and non-BJP front for the crucial election.Talking to a news channel, Kejriwal said this front will comprise common people as candidates, who feel they have been let down by the existing political parties. \"A non-Congress, non-BJP front will emerge made up of these candidates; Team Anna will support them,\" he said.\"There's going to be a revolution in 2014. It's not going to be about change of party or face. It's going to be about changing the system. Our movement has raised some fundamental questions,\" he added.Kejriwal went on to say that the next elections will turn into a people's movement on the streets and enter Parliament. According to Kejriwal, if a \"good alternative\" emerges, both he and Anna will support it.He added, though, that merely getting rid of the Congress may not lead to an effective Lokpal and he then tore into the BJP. Kejriwal was described as a BJP agent by Congress leader Digvijaya Singh on Saturday.\"We are concerned that BJP will take benefit of the people's anger against the Congress. Even if the BJP comes to power, they will not bring Lokpal. BJP is not sincere. It has the same character as the Congress. Replacing Congress with the BJP is of no use,\" he said.Calling for support for the July 25 fast by Team Anna, Kejriwal said he had no problem with even Baba Ramdev joining politics. \"I don't know what's on his mind. But if he's thinking of entering politics, there's nothing wrong. It's not going to politicize the Jan Lokpal movement because his campaign against black money and ours are different.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15084198", "title": "Meta-university on track, first course by August", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi University is all set to launch its meta-college concept and introduce the first course under it from August. The academic council (AC) \u2014 the highest decision making statutory body in DU academics \u2014 on Saturday approved the concept in an emergency meeting.The approval has paved the way for DU to launch a master's programme in mathematics education jointly with Jamia Millia Islamia. The AC also approved credit transfer, which will allow DU to accept and transfer credit for students under the meta-university. Now the matter will be placed before the executive council, for final approval on Sunday.The AC on Saturday passed all three agenda items. Although a few elected representatives registered their dissent, the agenda was passed with 114 of 120 present members supporting it.Speaking to TOI immediately after the meeting, DU vice-chancellor Dinesh Singh said: \"While the BTech in humanities under the meta-college will start from August 15, we will plan its admission process from Monday. Under BTech in humanities, students can select subject options from the existing courses in any DU college. These will comprise 50% of the course while the rest will be specialization in media studies, art and design, historical tourism, education and counselling, among others. Students admitted to various colleges this year are eligible to apply for this course offered by the Cluster Innovation Centre.\"Regarding the master's course in mathematics education, Singh said: \"We have to offer this course jointly with Jamia Millia Islamia. In principle, Jamia has the approval. Now the ball is in their court to get the matter approved, and hopefully by August 15 we will be able to launch this course as well.\"One of the dissenting members, Sheo Dutt, said they were not opposing change and innovation but the hurried implementation without proper discussion.\"All democratic forums of the university, right from the standing committee to the committee of courses, are being destroyed because of this culture of managing approvals via emergent meetings. My main concern is about the course structure which was presented to us. In mathematics education under meta-university, there is just one paper on mathematics and the rest are of various other subjects. Is it fair to offer a master's degree in mathematics when a student has studied just one paper in the subject?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15084462", "title": "More girls than boys join MBBS course in state", "text": "MUMBAI: For the second consecutive year, girls have outnumbered boys in taking admissions to medicine courses in the state.In 2010, when for the first time, more girls opted for MBBS than boys, it was considered an aberration. But the 2011 data shows that the trend is gaining strength with 1,091 girls joining the course, while the number of boys is 967. \"For long, in the health sciences programmes, more girls took admissions to courses like nursing, dentistry and physiotherapy,\" said Pravin Shingare, head of the state directorate of medical education and research (DMER). Even in 2009, there were more boys, 906 of them, than girls (844) in MBBS courses. \"But it is heartening to see the girls' count going up in the MBBS course now,\" Shingare added. According to government officials, a re-look into the admission norms may have changed the scene after the state decided to set aside 30% seats for women.Academia and medical experts reckon it is a sign of changing times as parents are willing to give their girl child better education, while funds too are becoming easily available for education. Also, they said medical profession was among the few that did not discriminate between male and female doctors.\"In several branches of medicine, women may be preferred over men,\" said Dr Mrudula Phadke, former vice-chancellor of Maharashtra University of Health Sciences. More girls have not only been joining the course, but they have also been performing better. \"Among the top 100, at least 60 are girls,\" said a DMER official.Phadke went back to 1877, when Anandibai Gopal Joshi graduated as the first woman doctor from the state. Yet years later, most girls shied away from the medical profession -maybe for the length of the course or the gruelling work hours- with graduating batches till almost the mid-90's producing more male doctors. The skewed gender ratio has changed only recently. \"Women have become more ambitious. Earlier, there were girls who scored well enough to qualify for MBBS but signed up for dental or nursing course,\" said Kamal Kishore Kadam, president of Association of Managements of Unaided Medical and Dental Colleges. Though data from private colleges and deemed universities were not available, Kadam said the trend there was similar. \"Parents, at least in cities and large towns, are ready to invest in their girl's education. Even banks have become liberal with loans,\" Kadam said.Since 2010, more women have been joining the MBBS course, a result,In probably no other stream of professional education, does one find an equal number of men and women in a class nowadays, said academicians. While courses like BDS have always been the domain of girls, the data was skewed more in favour of boys when it came to MBBS course. Precise data from the private colleges was not available, but the trend is similar on those campuses too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15086146", "title": "Yusuffali steps down from Air India board", "text": "KOCHI: Prominent NRI businessman Yusuffali M A resigned from the director board of Air India protesting against the alleged harassment of NRI passengers by the national airline on Saturday. Yusuffali has been serving as an independent director for the last two years. In an email statement issued in Abu Dhabi, Yusuffali said he would try to give shape to the 'Air Kerala' airline project of Kerala government.He said NRI passengers, particularly those in the Gulf region, were facing hardships because of unjustified fare hikes and irregular flight schedule of Air India. \"Since my induction into Air India board I have tried my level best to change the way the national airlines has been working. But there has been no improvement,\" Yusuffali wrote.He said the Centre's efforts to revive Air India to its former glory were scuttled by a section of the airline employees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "faridabad", "code": "15084207", "title": "Faridabad woman\u2019s murder solved, 4 held", "text": "FARIDABAD: Four people, including a teenaged relative of the victim, who murdered a woman and abducted her 4-year-old son for ransom have been arrested here, said police. The child has been rescued.The woman, Kiran Sinha (26), was found murdered at her Faridabad residence last Thursday. The killers abducted her son Raj and demanded Rs 50 lakh as ransom from her husband, Sanjay Sinha, who works as a manager with a building contractor here.Police traced the ransom call to Unnao in UP and based on the inputs gathered, two of the accused were nabbed. On interrogation, they disclosed the details of the other two accused, who were then arrested by Faridabad police from Faridabad and Delhi. Two of the culprits are juveniles, including Sanjay's cousin, who planned his nephew's kidnapping to make quick money.The teen confessed that he and his accomplices entered the house on the pretext of meeting Sanjay. They held Kiran hostage at knife point and demanded money. When she refused, they stabbed her to death and abducted the child.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15084865", "title": "Clear the drains, traffic cops tell civic body", "text": "BANGALORE: How often have you been stuck in a traffic jam when roads get waterlogged after a downpour? Very often, most likely.Stung by criticism of not managing vehicular congestion, traffic police have written to BBMP to immediately clear blockages and drains. \"I wrote to BBMP on Wednesday about four junctions where drains overflowed to about 3ft in height early this week resulting in complete traffic chaos. We asked BBMP to clean up the drains regularly during the monsoon,\" additional commissioner of police (traffic) MA Saleem told TOI.These are Ejipura Junction on Inner Ring Road, Pottalappa Garden near Adugodi, Hosur-Luskar Road Junction and near RR Kalyana Matapa on Vatal Nagraj Road in Majestic.\"Our cops complained that when it rained, drain water overflowed onto the roads near these four junctions. Vehicles got stuck and many other drivers were asked to take a diversion at peak hours when it drizzled all day earlier this week,\" he said.\"Although we deploy the entire force to manually handle traffic when it rains, it's usually after it stops raining that most vehicles come back onto the roads. If the roads are clear of such water muck, managing traffic won't be a problem,\" Saleem added.BBMP commissioner MK Shankarlinge Gowda said: \"If the letter is directed to zonal officers, then it'll be done. They should initiate action.\"BBMP actionBBMP is ready with emergency teams to handle flooding on roads and junctions this monsoon. \"We have formed large teams in every zone which will rush to roads, junctions, subways or underpasses when there are reports of flooding during rain,\" the commissioner said.Traffic police is geared up to tackle traffic snarls. \"We have decided to deploy the full task force when it starts raining. We've given all of them good jackets as a first step to make sure our men are well protected,\" said Saleem. \"We've even purchased wood-cutting machines so that tree falls can be cleared quickly,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "15086759", "title": "CM heeds justice cry of Mahadalit widows", "text": "GAYA: Living up to the confidence reposed in him by two Mahadalit widows of Gaya district, chief minister Nitish Kumar has ordered the officers concerned to ensure that justice is done to the complainants who have alleged that their 'innocent' breadwinners had been killed in cold blood by the security personnel deputed to combat the Left extremism. The widows, in their petition addressed to the CM, had stated that they could not get justice as long as Mahindra Prasad Basantri remained the SDPO. Basantri was, thereafter, transferred from Sherghati.After the CM received the petition, senior IG-rank IPS officer, Anupama Nilekar, currently posted as IG (Budget), was sent to the village for recording the statement of the widows and other villagers. Nilekar, on Friday, visited the village and separately recorded the statement of Philjhari Devi and Kalauti Devi.Keeping in view the sensitive nature of the inquiry, as it involves somewhat contradictory requirements of retaining the confidence of the most marginalized sections of society in the political leadership, on the one hand, and keeping the morale of the security forces engaged in anti-Naxal operations high in an area claimed to be the 'liberated zone' by the Maoists, on the other, Nilekar is unwilling to say anything except confirming her visit to Chhakarbandha.What has caused additional concern in government circles is the fact that though intermediary castes have a very sizeable presence in the Maoist organization and social profile of the Maoists arrested by the police tends to confirm their strength, those killed in 'encounters' almost invariably turn out to be Mahadalits.Notwithstanding Nilekar's strategic silence on the outcome of her inquiry (Nilekar will submit her confidential report to the government), sources say that the widows reiterated their allegation that their husbands were killed hours after the gunbattle between the cops and the Maoists ended on June 10 afternoon.The widows are learnt to have told the IG that the victims remained indoor for the better part of the fateful day and came out to attend to their thirsty cattle only after the exchange of fire between the CRPF and red rebels had ended. The police gunned down the two when they took their cattle to a nearby waterbody.If reports are to be believed, Nilekar asked some very searching questions to the complainants and one of them pertained to the need to take out the cattle to open water source when handpumps were there. The widows, according to sources, told the IG that handpumps go dry in the summer due to decline in water table.Nilekar is learnt to have asked the widows if they want compensation or a case against the cops. Reports also say that the widows wanted compensation and a case both.What has added to the discomfiture of the CRPF is the fact that none of the two Mahadalits killed in the 'encounter' had any recorded police history of being a Maoist.Now, what Nilekar's report suggests and what follow-up action the government takes remains to be seen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "15096337", "title": "Assam Rifles apprehends PLA 'lieutenant' with weapons", "text": "IMPHAL: Assam Rifles personnel nabbed a self-styled lieutenant of the banned People's Liberation Army (PLA) during an operation at Nongpok Sekmai village in Thoubal district.Discovering the presence of underground cadres in the area, troops of 15 Assam Rifles launched an operation and apprehended the cadre on Friday, said a statement of the paramilitary force.The security forces seized a US made 9mm pistol with five bullets and a Chinese hand grenade from the cadre, identified as Sinam Nando Singh (29) of Nongpok Sekmai Makha Leikai, the statement said, adding the he along with the seized weapons were handed over to Yairipok Police Station.Meanwhile, 27 Assam Rifles organized an interactive session with Meira Paibis (women activists) of Pangaltabli village and its surrounding areas in the district on the same day.The gathering, also attended by women dignitaries of the area, discussed the prevailing state of affairs in the region, the statement said, adding that 62 women activiststook part in the interaction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15086456", "title": "3 attack head constable, snatch cash", "text": "LUDHIANA: A head constable was assaulted and his uniform torn when some miscreants attacked him near Kailash Nagar on Friday night. A case has been registered against three accused who have been identified but are on the run.Inspector Mandeep Singh of Basti Jodhewal police station said head constable Surinder Singh was returning home from work around 10pm when three persons - Vicky, Nepali and Anku - stopped him near a barber's shop. The three, residents of Nanda Colony, entered into an altercation with the policeman and reportedly assaulted him.Caught unawares, the head constable tried to fight back but got injured in the melee. The miscreants reportedly even tore his uniform and snatched Rs 5,000 that the policeman had withdrawn from a bank.The inspector added that preliminary information had revealed that the accused were history-sheeters. A case was registered against the three under sections 161, 186 (obstructing public servant in discharge of public functions), 353 (assault or criminal force to deter public servant from discharge of his duty), 332 (voluntarily causing hurt to deter public servant from his duty), 382 (theft after preparation made for causing death, hurt or restraint in order to the committing of the theft) of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15093256", "title": "Faction ridden BJP in Karnataka put Pranab ahead in state", "text": "BANGALORE: Factionalism and infighting in the ruling BJP in Karnataka resulted in Pranab Mukherjee polling more votes than his opponent P A Sangma in the state.Thanks to cross voting by 14 BJP MLAs, UPA nominee Mukherjee polled 117 votes, while NDA supported Sangma got only 103. Going by numerical strength of the assembly membership in the state, Sangma should have polled more than Mukherjee as BJP including the support of an Independent member Varthur R Prakash has the strength of 120 members in the 223-member House. Congress has 71, JD(S) 26 and Independents 6 members. Three votes from the state were invalid. The value of votes polled by Mukherjee in Karnataka was 15,327 while it was 13,493 for Sangma.MLA and former minister B Sriramulu , who claims to have support of 5 MLAs in the BJP, openly admitted that he and his followers have voted for Mukherjee in the polling held on July 19, MLAs who were not considered for the cabinet are being suspected by the party to have cross voted. JD(S) leader H D Deve Gowda supported Mukherjee.The cross voting by the ruling BJP comes immediately after the same path adopted by 12 members of the party in the recently held polls for the Upper House in the state. However, none of the six official candidates were defeated. Cross-voting has become a curse for the state. A Congress nominee Iqbal Ahmed Saradagi was defeated due to cross voting by the party members.The trend shows that factionalism was still active in the party, despite BJP high command changing the leadership by making Jagadish Shettar the chief minister. More than 20 MLAs, former minister G Karunakara Reddy, Belur Gopalakrishna, M P Kumaraswamy, M Chandrappa among other are unhappy with the leaders for being ignored to consider them for the council of ministry in the Shettar government, which was sworn-in July 12 after D V Sadananda Gowda stepped down.Besides MLAs, 12 ministers belonging to Gowda camp have expressed displeasure over the party for not giving them plum portfolios, while they allege that rival camp led by former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa have been given significant portfolios.During the BJP legislature party meeting held minutes before the Presidential polls on July 19, few MLAs are believed to have questioned state party president K S Eshwarappa and chief minister Jagadish Shettar about Sangma's eating habit.Belur Gopalakrishna, MLA from Sagar in Shimoga district had sought to know, \"While the BJP is batting for anti-cow slaughter movement across the country, why the party nominated Sangma, a beef eater, for the Presidential post?\" According to Gopalakrishna, Sangma has claimed his food habits include beef and wanted to know was it justified to vote for former Speaker of Lok Sabha. However, leaders are said to have avoided replying to the embarrassing question and winded up the meeting much before the schedule.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15086578", "title": "Varanasi nagar nigam pig catching vehicle lying defunct", "text": "VARANASI: The pig catching vehicle is lying defunct for last six months even then Varanasi nagar nigam (VNN) is claiming to have geared up to check and control stray pigs near Eidgah, mosques and other Muslim dominated areas during the holy month of Ramzan.\"There are five animal catching vehicles at present which are used to catch stray animals, whenever a complaint is received. The pig catching vehicle is lying defunct since six months and we are using dog catcher to catch pigs as well,\" municipal veterinary officer R D Ram said.The district administration had directed to stop stray animals, specially pigs near mosques and other Muslim dwelling areas. According to Ram, staff had already been deployed in various localities to look into the matter. Whenever a pig is found strolling in the area, its owner is charged with fine. Stray pigs are catched and sent to a distant place.Municipal commissioner P K Pandey said that a seven-day cleanliness drive for Ramzan had already been started. \"All the streetlights near the mosques are under the process of repair and replacement. Eidgahs, places near the mosques and other areas will be kept clean. A special watch will be kept on stray animals, particularly pigs,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "pun", "code": "15086052", "title": "Soon, PhD theses at University of Pune to stand scrutiny by anti-plagiarism software", "text": "PUN: The University of Pune has decided to subscribe to popular software to detect plagiarised portions of thesis and dissertations submitted by students engaged in doctoral (PhD) research.In a first, the UoP management council has approved independent policies for promotion of research and approach to curbing plagiarism, which refers to presenting another person's work as one's own work.\"A couple of research advisory councils, comprising highly eminent experts, for science and non-science areas, will be set up as part of the new research policy,\" said UoP vice-chancellor Wasudev N Gade on Saturday.While the university has a fair record of generating quality academic research, there have been instances in the past when researchers from the teaching staff in the on-campus postgraduate departments of microbiology and chemistry had to face stringent action for plagiarism, Gade said.\"The move to have a separate plagiarism policy is aimed at ensuring there is an effective curb on the tendency to plagiarise research in the university. Among other things, the policy spells out in detail the definition of plagiarism, what constitutes an intentional and an unintentional plagiarism, ways to detect the same and the punitive action against those found guilty,\" he added.\"The University Grants Commission has recommended an anti-plagiarism software, used internationally, to check intentional and unintentional acts. The software can go through huge databases, even those which may not be in public domain, and identify possible plagiarized portions,\" he said.Gade said, \"Starting academic year 2012-13, we will ensure that all theses and dissertations are made available by the doctoral research students as a soft copy so that we can run through the anti-plagiarism check using the software. The submission of thesis/dissertations will be cleared only after such check.\"\"A licensed copy of this US-based software product costs around Rs 2,000 each and we plan to have at least four to five copies for each of the on-campus postgraduate departments as well as the affiliated colleges,\" said Gade.The move is also in line with the UGC's ambitious programme of establishing an electronic repository of research papers generated by the UGC-funded universities. The Ahmedabad-based Infilibnet has been entrusted with the task of documentation and digitization of various papers generated by the UGC-funded universities across the country.Meanwhile, Gade said, \"The proposed research advisory council will work as a guiding body for teachers and students engaged in research projects at the university and affiliated colleges. These projects will be up for periodical reviews by the council.\"What is plagiarismThe UoP's newly approved policy defines it as an act of presenting another person's work as one's own. This includes copying or reproducing such work without the acknowledgement of the source.Plagiarism involves copying of phrases, clauses, sentences, paragraphs or longer extracts from published or unpublished work, including from the internet that exceeds the boundaries of the legitimate cooperation without acknowledgement of the source.Non-intentional or negligent plagiarism means innocently or careless presenting another person's work as one's own. It arises from one's inadequate knowledge and competency in writing or non-compliance of standard verification procedures. Usually, the degree of copying is not substantial in such plagiarism.Intentional or dishonest plagiarism means knowingly and deliberately presenting another person's work as one's own work without acknowledging the source. It involves copying of substantial proportions of the other's work without written or unwritten permission and without acknowledging the source.The policy also states the depending on the severity of crime, the punishment could be a fine or warning, rustication for limited period or permanent and withdrawal of degree. Usually, an expert committee or the board of studies investigates and assesses the extent of plagiarism, whenever such instance is reported, and takes a call on the quantum of punishment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "15086506", "title": "Pakistani cop kills sister for wearing jeans", "text": "LAHORE: A Pakistani policeman in Lahore allegedly shot dead his sister on Friday for wearing jeans, officials said on Saturday. Constable Asad Ali was unhappy with his sister Najma Bibi, 22, for wearing what he considered 'men's clothes', especially jeans.The siblings often quarrelled over the issue. A few days ago, Ali had warned his sister that he would kill her if she did not stop wearing jeans and trousers. Subsequently, Najma filed a complaint against her brother at the police station in the Shahdara and sought protection. However , the police took no action.According to the FIR, Ali followed Najma when she left the house on Friday and allegedly fired at her near Shahdara Morr, killing her instantly. Ali managed to escape and police are conducting raids.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15084522", "title": "Men still skeptical about sterilization for birth control", "text": "TRICHY: Even today, not many men were coming forward for the procedure of sterilization, deputy director of medical rural health and family welfare R Elizabeth Mary has rued. Women were more often subjected to undergo the procedure that involved three to seven days' stay at the hospital and a recuperation period of one to three months. In Trichy region, the percentage of men undergoing Non-Scalpel Vasectomy (NSV) stood at less than one percent, as against the national average of two percent, said Mary. The male perspective on the matter, even among the educated, had not changed much. On the other hand, many women also discouraged their husbands from going ahead with the sterilization process.However, statistics show that the district could not meet the expected level of demand (ELD) of various methods of sterilization and medically terminating pregnancy (MTP) in the last fiscal, not due to the lack of awareness, but owing to the lack of willingness as men thought it was a negation of their masculinity. Elizabeth Mary advocated that more men should come forward to undergo NSV (a technique used to do the vasectomy through a single puncture), as the process was much easier and not complicated. It took a whole of 10 minutes without anesthesia, sans any blood loss or stitches. Moreover, the sexual life would remain intact as before, Mary said.The number of men who underwent the process in all the 14 blocks of the district was 230 in 2009-10, but the number came down drastically to 100 in the year 2010-11. In 2011-12 it further slumped to 92, despite the department dispensing an amount of Rs 1,100 to the NSV acceptors. They also motivating them to bring in more men by paying them a sum of Rs 200 for each man brought to the theatre.At present, the department is planning to impart training to MBBS doctors at the level of primary health centre for 12 days, and for specialists in the government hospitals for six days in five districts in the region (Trichy, Karur, Perambalur, Pudukottai and Ariyalur) for performing the operation. At present there are two doctors available at Manapparai and Thuvarankurichi, one each at Srirangam and Trichy's Annal Gandhi government hospital, the deputy director said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15086966", "title": "Two held for robbing couple in Borivli national park", "text": "MUMBAI: The Kasturba police have arrested two persons for robbing a couple in the Sanjay Gandhi National Park, Borivli , recently. The accused had used the victim's cellphone, which led to their arrest.The couple, both teenage students of different engineering colleges, had skipped classes on the day of the incident to visit the park. They were sitting at an isolated spot on the Kanheri Caves road when the accused robbed the couple of their cellphones, jewellery and Rs 950 in cash at knife-point .The couple approached the police and provided them descriptions of the accused. After the incident, the families of the victims learnt about their affair and have now decided to get them married.Cops had collected details of the stolen cellphone and realized that the accused were using the phone with a new sim card. The accused later sold the phone to one of their friends. The police managed to trace the friend with the help of his call details on Saturday.The friend told the police that he was innocent and that he had purchased the phone from one of his friend, Deepak Dhangade. Cops managed to nab Dhangade, who told them about his accomplice, Shravan Varthe. Cops have recovered the two knives used by the accused in the crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "hambran road", "code": "15086313", "title": "Swaying the Rajasthani way with ghoomar", "text": "HAMBRAN ROAD: The beats of Rajasthani music reverberated in the land of bhangra and giddha during Teej celebrations on Saturday. The function, organized by Geetanjali Ladies Club, saw members present Rajasthani folk dances like ghoomar, taking the spectators on a vitrual tour of the princely state.Around 15 women from different age-groups and professions participated in a group dance performance. This was followed by a spectacular solo ghoomar performance by club member and an educationist, Bharti Sachdeva, 32.Club treasurer Komal Arora said, \"From 25-year-olds to 65-year-olds performed during the Teej celebrations. Their enthusiastic rehearsals for last 15 days paid off as the performance was loved by all, though several participants had never tried their hand at Rajasthani dance.\"Dressed in traditional Rajasthani attire and jewellry, the dancers looked extravagant. The group dancers had approached Meenakshi, a dance teacher from the city, to train them for Saturday's performance.\"It was thrilling to perform ghoomar solo in front of such an exciting audience,\" said Bharti. Club member and a homemaker Geeta Dhir, 55, said, \"Rehearsing at this age was tiring, but the excitement kept me going, while I put in a lot of energy and effort in my performance.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "15084410", "title": "6 held for Woodland DGM\u2019s murder", "text": "GHAZIABAD: A day after a deputy general manager of Woodland was shot dead outside his Ghaziabad home, police have detained six persons who were sacked by Nitin Sharma from Opulent Mall in Ghaziabad and an outlet in Kohat Enclave in Delhi. They have also called a woman friend of Sharma, who lives in Rohtak after marriage and was in regular touch with him. Sources say the murder was probably executed by professional killers and might be a case of extortion.Sharma (36), who was survived by his wife and two daughters, was cremated at his hometown Gwalior on Saturday. \"His family is expected back in the city in three-four days. We are waiting to speak to them,\" said an officer.The six persons detained for questioning are between 20 and 30 years old and were sacked by Sharma on the charge of irregularities found during an audit. \"Around six months ago, Sharma had fired three employees from a showroom in Kohat Enclave in Pitampura after Rs 2 lakh was found missing during the audit. Police were called in and a scuffle also took place. The money was recovered later. Three others were laid off by Sharma after Rs 1.5 lakh went missing from a showroom in Opulent Mall in Ghaziabad two months ago. However, police were not informed this time,\" said Gorakhnath Yadav, the station house officer of the Indirapuram police station.\"Prima facie, it seems to be a well-planned murder as the killers might have known Sharma's daily routine. The eyewitnesses told the investigation teams that they were very calm while shooting him and it was not done in the heat of the moment. The weapon used also points to contract killers. We are looking into the lists of such people,\" deputy SP R K Pandey told TOI.Pandey said that during the scanning of the victim's mobile phone call details, it was found that Sharma used to call a woman who lives in Rohtak. \"They knew each other from school days and used to speak for long almost everyday. We have asked her to come to Ghaziabad for questioning, and she is coming along with her husband,\" an official said.Police officials said the .300 magnum revolver used in the murder is commonly used as a weapon of choice by \"hired guns\". An officer said, \"No sketch of the killers has been made yet as none of the eyewitnesses could give us a clear picture of how the two looked. However, investigations are on and we are hopeful of a breakthrough soon.\"Sources said cops are also questioning members of local gangs for leads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15092197", "title": "Nara Rohit\u2019s Okkadine nearing completion", "text": "Srinivasa Raga-directed drama \" Okkadine\" is in the last leg of production. The movie, which has Nara Rohith and Nithya Menon in the lead roles, expounds love and familial affection with reference to the contemporary living. Producer CV Reddy says that the movie will surely consolidate the image of Rohith as a good performer.The film's talkie part, including the climax scenes, has been completed, and the unit is currently filming 'Seethakoka nacchave, nacchave' number at the Ramoji Film City on the lead cast. Also, the unit would film an item number at the end of this month at RFC. Karthik has scored the music and the makers are planning to launch the audio in August. Chintapalli Ramana is penning the dialogues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15085565", "title": "Nashik Municipal Corporation opposition headed by Sena, NCP miffed", "text": "NASHIK: Four months after the MNS took control of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC), Shiv Sena group leader Sudhakar Badgujar was appointed leader of the opposition, much to the chagrin of the NCP, which had been vying for the position.The decision invited the wrath of the NCP, with its corporators, Vinayak Khaire and Kavita Kardak, alleging that the appointment of the opposition leader had not been done as per law as the NCP was the largest party. They also pointed out that the Shiv Sena and RPI (A) had contested the NMC elections on different symbols. However, mayor Yatin Wagh rejected their claim, pointing out at the NMC's general body meeting held on Saturday, that the Sena-BJP-RPI alliance had been registered as a group, which took their tally above the NCP.MNS group leader Sujata Dere was appointed as the leader of the House while Shiv Sena corporator Ajay Boraste was appointed as the Sena's group leader.The appointments were announced by Wagh during the civic body meeting on Saturday.The appointments for the posts of Opposition Leader and House Leader were awaited for the past four months after the elections to the NMC. But announcements of the candidates for the said posts were made on Saturday by the city Mayor Yatin Wagh.As things currently stand in the 122 member house, the MNS has 40 members, the NCP has 20, the Shiv Sena-RPI combine has a total of 22 members, the Congress has 15, the BJP has 14, the CPM has three , while the Janrajya Agahdi has two members. There are a total of six independents. According to rules, the post of the opposition leader is given to the second largest party in the House.Shiv Sena state secretary Vinayak Raut , in a letter to the mayor Yatin Wagh, had recommended the names of Sudhakar Badgujar and Dere for the positions they now occupy.for the post of the Opposition Leader and Ajay Boraste for the positions they now occupy, as new group leader of Shiv Sena, while the MNS had recommended Dere as leader of the House.Mayor Yatin Wagh said, \"The appointment of Shiv Sena group leader Sudhakar Badgujar has been made according to rules.The group leader, who has maximum members, is selected as the Opposition leader. Shiv Sena and RPI (A) had a joint registration with a total 22 members, while the NCP has 20 members,\" Wagh said.But the decision invited the wrath of the NCP with its corporators Vinayak Khaire and Kavita Kardak alleging that the appointment of the opposition leader had not been done as per law as the NCP was the largest party. They also pointed out that the Shiv Sena and RPI (A) had contested the NMC elections on different symbols. However the mayor rejected their claim, pointing out that the Sena-BJP-RPI alliance had been registered as a group, which took their tally above the NCP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15085399", "title": "Revive Najafgarh lake to solve water crisis: Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage", "text": "GURGAON: With each passing year, Gurgaon's water situation keeps on getting worse. This year's water crisis wasn't merely caused by the seasonal peak in demand, but was also unprecedented in its intensity.The dry-run went on for over a month, and even today, the city faces a raw water shortage of around 20MGD (million gallons daily). Then there is the issue of Gurgaon's fast depleting groundwater reserves, which, in some areas, have plummeted to below 51 metres. This downward trend isn't easy to reverse, but some sort of start has to be made. And the local chapter of the Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage (INTACH) says that it has just the plan to help Gurgaon meet its immediate water demand.The heritage body, which has also been involved in water conservation work, has proposed revival of what was once known as the Najafgarh lake. This erstwhile water body, lying on the northern periphery of Gurgaon, once revived, will be able to supply over 30 MGD of raw water to the city. Today, the catchment area in Najafgarh is dried up, and the regular source of water here is the 20 MGD effluent discharge coming from the Gurgaon sewage treatment plant.\"Today, the sewage coming here to the Najafgarh drain is given secondary level of treatment to achieve the standards set by Ministry of Environment for discharge into surface streams. And then this water is pumped straight into the Yamuna river,\" said Atul Dev, convener for INTACH's Gurgaon chapter.At the site, there is about 3.5 square kilometre of dried up low-lying land - which was the original location of the lake. According to INTACH's revival project outline, this dry patch can once again be replenished. \"The main idea is to stop the sewage coming from the Najafgarh drain, so that it flows into this low-lying area. Here, we will treat the water using bio-remediation, using various species of carp fish, which will improve the water quality substantially,\" he said.Once treated thus, the water in this new and revived Najafgarh lake will become fit for construction and irrigation purposes. \"The water from this lake will take care of at least some part of the supply used in construction work. This will solve a huge problem for Gurgaon, and ease up the pressure on the other sources of water by quite a margin.\"INTACH has run this plan by the authorities several times in the past, and the most recent presentation was made to HUDA officials in November 2011.But the work hasn't as yet been taken up by the development authority. \"The Najafgarh lake straddles both Delhi and Gurgaon, and our proposal is to implement the revival work on both sides. But the revival work in the Gurgaon area is way simpler. Here, the project can be made to work without incurring a lot of expenditure and losing much time,\" said a Gurgaon based INTACH official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15085602", "title": "2 SRPF platoons guard police academy following terror alert", "text": "NASHIK: Following reports over terror organizations planning to target the Maharashtra Police Academy (MPA), the state government has decided to revamp security at the institution located on the Nashik-Trimbakeshwar Road by stationing two State Reserve Police Force (SRPF) platoons.The platoons arrived in the city for the security of the Academy located along Nashik-Trimbakeshwar Road.Senior police officials said that the platoons would be stationed in and around the the campus to enhance the security environment of the MPA.The Security concerns have been growing ever since Lashkar terrorist Zabiuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal's gave a statement to the Delhi police that his outfit had planned to launch a major attack on the academy Maharashtra Police Academy (MPA) in 2009. There are reported suspicions that the and the outfit might still be working on its plan. Jundal had made his statement during his interrogation by the Delhi police after his arrest last month.The anti-terrorism squad (ATS) had revealed that Jundal was the mastermind behind the attack that was to be carried out on MPA in 2010. Meanwhile Sheikh Lalbaba Farid, alias Bilal, another LeT membermember of LeT, had also carried out a reccee of the Nashik police commissionerate and army camp in Deolali. Farid and was arrested in Satpur by the ATS) from Satpur, Nashik in September 2010.Even as the MPA contended has been contending that it was well prepared placed to handle any kind of eventuality with regard to with regard to its security, the Director General's office dispatched has sent two platoons for security at the academy.Police commissionerof Police, Kulwant Kumar Sarangal, while confirming that the SRPF platoons have been sought as a security measure for the for the security of MPA, added that the SRPF deployment platoons was here for MPA for the time being and a the decision over the duration of their deployment would be taken in due course.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "15085333", "title": "Jodhpur civic body moves court against high rise owners defaulting on parking lots", "text": "JODHPUR: The Jodhpur Municipal Corporation has sought help of court after its failure to make it binding on owners and operators of commercial and residential complexes to ensure proper parking arrangements. JMC filed 200 complaints in the court of the Chief Judicial Magistrate on Saturday seeking its help to make them comply with the rules regarding parking in multi-storey complexes.Filed by Ramesh Barasa, the chief sanitation inspector of the civic body, the complaints mention that despite several reminders and warning of legal action against these owners and operators. However, these complexes continue to flay the parking rules laid down under the provisions of the by-laws (2010) of the corporations Buildings in Urban Area and the Municipality Act 2009. The complaints said that the owners and operators of these complexes do not make proper parking arrangements as per the provisions made by them while seeking permission from the corporation.The complaints further said most of these complexes have either been using the parking lot shown in the building plan for some other purpose or have sold them out for monetary gains, cheating the corporation. \"This has led to parking of vehicles on the road, which has been causing disturbance to the traffic movement and leading to nuisance,\" an official said.Referring to one such complaint against the National Handloom Corporation, a multi-storey departmental store, the complaint said the operator is causing piling of garbage around, which is turning the atmosphere unhygienic and threat of diseases is looming large.The corporation, terming the non compliance of parking rules to be a criminal act, has moved 200 complaints under Section 298 along with sections 194, 245, 284, 285, 286 and 291 of the Municipal Act seeking strict action against them to avoid traffic and other problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15086248", "title": "Home-alone woman resists robbery bid, murdered", "text": "KOZHIKODE: A 69-year-old woman staying alone in a cottage near Meenchanda in the city was killed while resisting an attempted robbery early on Saturday. The deceased has been identified as Sundari Amma.The incident occurred around 2am at the Chirakkal House Line Colony at Vattakkinar near Meenchanda. The assailant who entered the house attacked the woman with a sharp weapon and fled the scene when she raised an alarm. Though the woman, who suffered serious injuries on her head and face, was rushed to the Kozhikode Medical College Hospital, she succumbed to injuries around 4am.Police said the woman was sleeping in a room at the backside of the cottage when she was attacked. Raghupathi, who lives in the nearby cottage, rushed to her help on hearing her cries. Raghupathi told TOI that he saw a man running away from the house. \"He seemed to be around 30 years old. He ran away through the backside of the kitchen of the cottage,\" said Raghupathi.Sundari was taken to hospital by the people in neighbouring cottages and with the help of police who reached at the murder site after they had been informed by local people.Police and fire and rescue personnel reached the spot immediatley.Sundari, who was staying in the cottage for the last 45 years, was engaged in sale of home-made food items for the last several years.Police officials, including assistant commissioner of police (South) K R Premachandran, CI of Kasaba police station, K Pramod and SI of Panniyankara, M P Rajesh visited the spot in the morning. Police collected evidences, including a pair of chappals, two blades and a ladder from the cottage premises. Finger print bureau and the dog squad of police were pressed into service. The sniffer dog ran until the railway track near Vattakkinar.Forensic experts also visited the spot in the evening.CI Pramod said the police have intensified the search for the culprit. Panniyankara sub-inspector said the police have taken five migrant labourers into custody and are questioning them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15084077", "title": "3-day remand for arrested con men in ATM clone case", "text": "RANCHI: The court of first class judicial magistrate here gave the Ranchi police two-day police remand of three youths wanted in Bangalore, Hyderabad and other cities in connection with unlawfully withdrawing crores of rupees with cloned ATM cards of over 1,000 people in these cities.A Jagannathpur police inspector Arvind Chaudhary, who is investigating the case, said ATM cards of about 800 people were copied and cloned in Ranchi and around Rs 1 crore withdrawn through them last year. The cheats committed similar crimes in Bangalore, Hyderabad, Kolkata and other cities and withdrew money from victims' accounts.A group of five fraudsters were nabbed by Hyderabad police recently from where Bangalore police took them on remand. Ranchi police had taken them on transit remand for 10 days. The court of first class judicial magistrate S N Tiwari on Saturday granted police remand of the accused to Ranchi police.Varun Kamal Kumar from Hyderabad, Ajay Lal Mathur from Delhi, and Jamir Sheikh from Mumbai were booked under various Sections of the IPC and IT Act. Ranchi police will take the remaining two accused on transit remand soon.\"The accused used to withdraw the money with ATM cards of people from Ranchi in Kolkata, Mumbai, Delhi, and other cities. We have matched the CCTV footage of the accused and they are matching. The accused have also confessed to the crime,\" Chaudhary said.The five used to sell car polish and swipe ATM cards of consumers in Ranchi. Over 800 people were cheated by them so far. Around 50 FIRs were lodged against them last year at different police stations in the state capital.Several cases of fraud were reported from Doranda, Jagannathpur and Argora localities here in June 2011. Ranchi SP (city) Vipul Shukla said interrogation of the accused might lead to important information.\"The youths have been brought here on transit remand which will end on July 31. The police interrogation has to be done within this period,\" said Shukla.Jagannathpur police had filed the petition for police remand. The conmen used to sell car polish through makeshift roadside stalls at various points in the city. Through use of a swiping machine they used to swipe ATMs of customers and record important data and passwords. An FIR filed in July last year with Jagannathpur police station said the accused used to encourage the customers to give change. They used to swipe the ATM cards of the customers who did not have hard cash or exchange money.Money was withdrawn from a bank ATM in Jagannathpur locality on June 19 last year. Just a day earlier, a huge amount of money was withdrawn from a bank ATM in Doranda locality. Some more cases of ATM frauds were also reported after which dozens of FIRs were lodged, a police officer said.It was in Doranda locality the fraudsters were caught in CCTV camera at an ATM. It helped police solve the case and nab them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "15085287", "title": "BSF\u2019s sand scooters may sink the ship of desert", "text": "JAISALMER: For the BSF, the ship of the desert may \"sink\" and \"shrink\" too, provided the hi-tech mode it is planning turns out to be viable.In a bid to keep up with the times, the BSF plans to introduce sand scooters to keep vigil along the Pakistan border, though sources say that camels may not be withdrawn right away.With new challenges coming up everyday, the security forces are planning to press into service the all-terrain vehicle to counter smugglers, intruders at the borders.In this series, the trial of special scooters and special four-wheeler vehicles from the US, China and other countries is going on. These petrol vehicles are priced well above Rs 6 lakh. The trial will continue till the end of July and if these prove successful, the vehicles will be used along with the camels to man the difficult desert terrain.Meanwhile, the BSF is also planning to reduce its camel fleet in future and probably the ship of the desert may become a thing of the past for the force. Jaisalmer: With Border Security Force planning to induct sand scooters and four-wheeler vehicles to man the difficult terrains of the desert in Jaisalmer, camels can soon be edged out of the force.Buying quality animals from the fair, maintaining the same and the upkeep of the fleet is a major concern for the security force.According to sources, the Centre has planned to acquire sand scooters and four-wheelers for which several international companies have shown interest. Trials are on in Jaisalmer.Sources said the trial of 500cc ATV scooter Nebula Jaguar of Chinese company Nebula Exports was conducted in the third week of May. Later, the trial of Polaris field vehicles was carried out during the last week of May. The vehicles that were tried include Ranger 800, Ranger RZR 4-800 and Sportman.Similarly, trial of vehicles belonging to Maini Group was held in June. BSF sources said a panel has been formed at the headquarters in New Delhi and a report will be sent to the HQ soon after the trial. BSF will send a recommendation to the Centre to acquire the ATVs.Armed with ammunition and other equipment, jawans conducted trials in extreme heat conditions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15084199", "title": "5 interstate robbers caught in Rohini", "text": "NEW DELHI: A gang involved in several inter-state robberies has been arrested, said police. The accused, members of the Moradabadi gang, had committed several robberies and burglaries in the city.The accused identified as Davender (30), Parminder (33), Sandeep (24), Visheshwar (52) and Dalip (35) were arrested after cops received a tip-off that they would assemble near Japani Park in Rohini. DCP (crime) Sanjay Kumar Jain said a countrymade pistol, two packets of chilli powder and two motorcycles were seized from them. Addl DCP Joy Tirkey said that four robberies committed in Shahdara, Ashok Vihar and Ranhola, had been solved with the arrest. Tirkey said the gang started their journey from their hometown (Moradabad) on bikes and committed robberies in UP , Haryana, Delhi, Rajasthan, Punjab and Gujarat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15084541", "title": "Narayana Murthy-headed icreate board meets for the first time", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The first advisory board meeting of the International Centre for Entrepreneurship &amp; Technology (icreate) was held in Ahmedabad on Saturday. icreate is an autonomous centre for excellence with its own incubation centre to promote entrepreneurship.Narayana Murthy, chairman emeritus, Infosys Limited, said, \"The agenda of the meeting was to get introduced to each other, understand the vision of icreate and the newly-formed partnership with Technion.\"The board under Murthy's chairmanship, boasts of names like Sun Pharma chief Dilip Shanghvi; Marico Limited head Harsh Mariwala; Columbia University Professor, Jagdish Bhagwati; founding partner of JSA, Jyoti Sagar; CEO and MD of L&T;, K Venkataramanan; founder of Maini group Sudarshan Maini; chairman of Suzlon Energy Tulsi Tanti; and vice-chairman and MD of Kotak Mahindra, Uday Kotak.Murthy said that icreate would focus on IT-enabled services which entrepreneurs can leverage to place themselves in bigger markets. \"We want the entrepreneurs to focus on rural, urban and global ideas.\" tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15086520", "title": "Adventure travel catches Delhi's fancy", "text": "Step into a jumpsuit while you wait for an instructor to tightly strap a harness around you. Slowly waddle your way to a small, cramped airplane and try to ignore the butterflies in your stomach as the flight readies to takeoff. In just a few minutes, you're about to plunge off the plane into nothingness, freefalling, until that sudden jolt when your parachute finally opens. Some may call it crazy , others may shudder at the mere thought, but for adventure junkies there's nothing quite like skydiving. And by next month, people in Delhi won't have to travel too far to try it out themselves..Thrills extreme, an adventure travel company that launched in May this year, will run skydiving camps at different drop zones across the country. \"We will have three types of skydiving - tandem, static line jump, and accelerated free fall. For an extreme experience, we have partnered with another company for skydiving in the Himalayas from 30,000 feet high. People will need oxygen masks for that one,\" says Kunal Goyal, who founded the company after quitting a 13-year corporate stint. Next on his agenda, especially for speedsters in the national capital region, are super car rides, which he plans to start within six months.But he's not the only one exploring the emerging industry of offbeat travel within the country. For the month-old travel company, Let's Get Packing, the inaugural trip of choice was a haunted tour of the Bhangarh ruins in Rajasthan , complete with spooky myths and an \"at your own risk\" disclaimer for people wanting to visit the fort after sunset. \"After the monsoons , we will organize a haunted tour of Delhi as well,\" says former banker and founder, Arjun Sachdeva .Like Goyal, nothing about his academic background justifies his current profession. But talk to him for just five minutes and you can tell it is tailor made. \"I travel every long weekend, and am also extremely fond of history. A couple of years back I did the Parvati trek in Spiti, which is a 15-16 day trek where you don't see another human being for days,\" he says, adding that the next on his list is the Chadar trek over a frozen river in Ladakh.He calls his tours \"off-offbeat\" , and going by the company's current repertoire, it's easy to see he's serious about the tag. \"We have six categories - rural tours; off-the-beaten-track tours; India reliving history and legend tours, under which there is an 1857 mutiny tour, independence tour, Vedic tour and Epic tour covering the Mahabharata and Ramayana; India's most haunted tours; must-visit tours; and corporate adventures,\" he says.Abhinav Goel, who founded India Offbeat four years back, says people are becoming increasingly open to different travel opportunities . \"We identify tourist experiences that allow people to actually live a destination, not just visit it,\" he says. He adds that there is always excitement when people come across their tours, whether it's the village volunteer, Nagaland cultural voyage, Marwari horse experience , or Sikkim home stay.It's not just companies, however, that are venturing into this niche tourist segment. Some individuals, too, are taking matters into their own hands. Club Kunzum, which set up in May this year, recently added travel to its list of activities. Their first trip next month is a self drive to Thanedar in Himachal Pradesh for apple plucking. \"People want to travel to unusual destinations and take part in different activities now,\" says Shilpa Gupta, who manages the club.Whether the appeal of local adventures lies in their novelty, or is reverse snobbery, or maybe a combination of both is up for debate. But it's quite certain that the growth of domestic tourism confirms travel isn't about the number of stamps in your passport.\"There are so many interesting places just hours away, but people don't know about them. India even has more haunted places than Scotland , which is considered spooky enough,\" says Sachdeva.\"India is a fantastic place to explore . Billing or Bir in Himachal Pradesh is one of the best places in the world for paragliding. Since it has 18 peaks, one can glide from one to the other,\" says Goyal, of another one of his services. He adds that of the 26 adventure activities he currently offers, only four - fighter jet rides, submarine rides, swimming with sharks and space travel (slated for 2014) - are outside the country.Apart from giving wanderlusts the chance to explore their own country, these trips also help the development of locals and their arts and craft. \"We run eco camps in villages , which are run by the villagers themselves says Goyal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15085611", "title": "Cancer treatment gets a fillip with 250 more beds", "text": "CHENNAI: The city will get 250 more beds for cancer patients by the end of the year. While this addition would increase the patient bed ratio for cancer patients, medical experts say it is important that the services are offered at an affordable rate.Chennai has more than five special cancer care hospitals, and the latest will be the MIOT Institute for Cancer Cure that opens on Sunday. Global Hospital's cancer special hospital will open later this year.\"Our hospital will have 100 beds exclusively for cancer patients, the building will have 500 beds from which a few more will be allotted if required,\" said MIOT Hospitals managing director P V A Mohandas. Global Hospitals' cancer center will have 150 beds. With the number of cancer patients increasing by 1% every year, this trend of private health care centres stepping forward to provide specialized cancer care treatment may in the long run provide more options for patients coming to the city for treatment. \"Across the country, patients feel they are safe when treated in Chennai. This is the reason we have a huge influx of patients from across the country, Asia and the UAE visiting us,\" said Dr K S Shekhar, head of the oncology department at Global Hospitals in Chennai.Private hospitals in the city are not only employing more oncologists on board but are also investing in state-of-the-art equipment such as 'True Beam,' which costs Rs 40 crore. \"The technology is four times faster, and takes a maximum of 15 minutes. It specially targets tumors in moving organs like the lungs and liver,\" said Dr Rajini D, oncologist with MIOT hospitals, which has got the machine. India is the fourth country in the world to import the German technology. These developments are a far cry from the early 1990s when cancer patients in the city had to depend on only a couple of hospitals for treatment.Medical experts say studies have in the past shown that special cancer centres have a better success rate than a general hospital. \"Cancer affects so many facets of the body, and so requires a multi-disciplinary treatment (MDT). A specialized center that has all facilities that a patient requires can only qualify as cancer care,\" says Dr V Shanta, chairperson of Adyar Cancer Institute.While experts say private health care centres that earlier focused more on heart and cardio specialization now looking at cancer is a positive sign, the benefit should be passed on to people of all socio-economic backgrounds. \"Today everyone cannot afford treatment in a corporate hospital,\" said Dr Shanta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15085348", "title": "Cyber cafes to help avail MCG's online services", "text": "GURGAON: In an attempt to ensure that more residents avail themselves of its online services, the municipal corporation has roped in cyber cafe owners who will promote these online facilities. According to officials, the MCG will empanel as many cyber cafes as it can in its jurisdiction and will give them an authorization letter to upload and issue important documents like birth and death certificate, marriage registration certificate among others. Also, the cyber cafes that will be registered with the MCG will not have to pay the usual registration fee to the corporation. Usually, the architects and advertisement agencies that are registered with the MCG have to pay an annual subscription fee of around Rs 5,000.\"This step has been taken because we want maximum number of residents to make use of our online services instead of coming all the way to apply for a basic document like birth certificate. Since there could be people who do not have access to internet and are not computer friendly, we have decided to select some cyber cafes and train the staff so that they can further assist residents in availing the online services. We will list these cyber cafes on the MCG website so that residents can know which place to visit for whatever they need,\" said an official.Authorities feel that while on one side, the city is often referred to as the millennium or cyber city, the use of internet is much low. \"We want this city to live up to its name and therefore we want more and more people to become tech savvy. By using our online facilities we are sure that the rush at the citizen facilitation center (CFC) will reduce a lot. At present there is lot of overcrowding at the CFC as many are still not aware that they can obtain these certificates online as well,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15093776", "title": "Parichay to take a leap", "text": "Balaji Telefilms' is ready with yet another generation leap on the small screen. After 'Bade Achhe Lagte Hain's' most talked about leap its 'Parichay's' turn.The queen of daily soaps Ekta Kapoor is all set to bring one of its most trusted storyline a generation leap in yet another show. 'Parichay Nayee Zindagi Kay Sapno Ka' aired on Colors' TV is the latest show to add more years to its characters.The promos featuring veteran actress Aroona Irani is currently on air and the daily is soon expected to take an eight year leap.Sources inform the generation leap will take place in the month of August. The upcoming episodes will see the couple Siddhi and Kunal parting their ways with each other. Siddhi (Keerti Nagpure) will end up going to jail after getting divorced to Kunal (Samir Soni). She will find a confidant in Aroona Irani's character, who meets her in the jail.As already seen in the promos Siddhi will give birth to twins and one of them will be taken away by Richa ( Sonia Singh).Sources inform further, after the eight year generation leap Kunal will be a rich man and will work as a legal advisor in a firm. Aroona Irani's character will take care of Siddhi's second child.We tried contacting Samir Soni and Keerti Nagpure but they remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15092131", "title": "Chota Rajan's aide arrested", "text": "MUMBAI: Ravi Mallesh Dilip Bora alias DK Rao, a dreaded aide of fugitive gangster Chhota Rajan was arrested last week for threatening a Borivli based builder and demanding an extortion sum of Rs 5 crores.Rao was picked up from Taloja jail where he was already serving jail in connection with two other cases of extortion and charges of murder of Iqbal Kaskar's driver Sayyed Bilal in 2011.The city crime branch early this month registered a fresh case of threatening and extortion against fugitive gangster Chhota Rajan and his aide Ravi alias DK Rao on the complaints of builder Ramesh Chandani from Borivli. According to the police, Chandani had brought a peice of land in 1968 but there were reports that there was some civil dispute pending in the court. Chhota Rajan recently called up Chandani and threatened to either settle the matter or pay a sum of Rs 5 crores as protection.Joint commissioner of police Himanshu Roy said that Rao twice called Chandani twice thrice to session court on certain dates when he was likely to be brought to court. When Chandani didnot respond to his calls Rao send his men at his residence and threatened with dire consequences. Rao's men started calling Chandani and threatening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15084800", "title": "'Caste balance team' to guide Congress into poll", "text": "BANGALORE: Gradually losing its traditional vote bank to the BJP and JD(S), the Congress party is now planning to have a 'caste balance team' under the concept of collective responsibility.The state unit's coordination committee meeting here on Saturday is said to have discussed the issue of Lingayats being identified with the BJP, and the JD(S) wooing minorities with Vokkaligas already in its kitty. The Congress lost the Dalit vote to the BJP in the 2008 assembly elections and is hamstrung with no solid backing of any community.\"It is basically caste compulsion that has forced the party to reopen the leadership question. With casteism assuming alarming dimensions at the ground level in Karnataka, the Congress does not want to delay fine-tuning its caste strategy. Caste politics was one of the factors that went against the party in recent times,'' said a senior Congress leader.Sweeping changes are likely both at the state and organizational level before August 15, as per their plan. KPCC president G Parameshwara and opposition leader Siddaramaiah, however, ruled out any changes in the state unit as of now.The meeting was held amid rumblings in the party, with a large section upset that no action was taken on the recommendations of the panel report, which went into the reasons for the defeat of the party's official candidate Iqbal Ahmed Saradgi in the legislative council elections. The report said that lack of coordination between Parameshwara and Siddaramaiah was one of the reasons for Saradgi's defeat.Briefing reporters after the day-long meeting, they said: \"The meeting basically discussed the preparations of the party for the upcoming assembly election. It did not elaborate on leadership issues.''A new caste formula being worked out by the party has the same old names that have surfaced time and again -- SM Krishna (Vokkaliga), KH Muniyappa (Dalit), Mallikarjuna M Kharge (Dalit), Veerappa Moily (OBC) and Siddaramaiah (Kuruba) along with KPCC chief G Parameshwara (Dalit). New names doing the rounds are Shamanur Shivashankarappa and BC Patil -- both Lingayats. They may be elevated as office-bearers of the new team to balance the caste equation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15084454", "title": "Greed eating green", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Suppose all the Amdavadis were asked to seek shelter under the trees growing in the city, how many people do you think would be standing under each? The answer is 9 people.Unfortunately, Ahmedabad is not alone in the list of Gujarati cities with constricted lungs. Surat, Rajkot, Jamnagar, and Junagadh have inadequate tree cover, the state forest department has concluded.The foliage in these cities covers less than 15 per cent of their geographical area. Ahmedabad needs 13 lakh additional trees, in addition to 6.18 lakh existing ones, to meet the norm.The first ever tree count taken up in the municipal corporations has revealed that only Gandhinagar , Bhavnagar, and Vadodara may be called 'green cities'. They have higher tree densities than the average of the eight municipal corporations. Other municipal corporations - Surat, Ahmedabad, Rajkot, Junagadh, and Jamnagar - are below par. The average tree cover per person for eight corporations is pitiable eight sq meter.\"To achieve the norm of minimum 15 per cent tree cover, the total number of trees in eight municipal corporation should increase to 56.4 lakh trees in the eight municipal corporations of the state, from 33 lakh at present,\" additional principal chief conservator of forest, social forestry , H S Singh said. \"Cities like Ahmedabad, Surat, Rajkot, Jamnagar and even Junagadh have to work really hard in this regard.\"The 159 nagar palikas of Gujarat have 32.44 lakh trees. The number of trees in corporations and nagar palikas adds up to 65.45 lakh trees. Singh said that if the 2009 count by the department for the rural areas was added, the total number of trees in the state would add up to 27.45 crore, the tree count for the rural areas being 26.8 crore trees.Singh said Surat has poorest tree cover, the density being far below the average. Surat city has just 3.33 lakh trees, covering only three per cent of its geographical area. He said that overall average green cover in Municipal Corporations is also low.Nagar palikas worse than big citiesAhmedabad: The tree count taken up in 159 nagar palikas showed that there are 32,44,155 trees having girth at breast height (GBH) above 10 cm in these areas with average tree density of only 15.27 trees per hectare.Additional principal chief conservator of forest of Gujarat, social forestry, H S Singh said, \"Nagarpalikas like Kanjari, Ankleshwer, Umreth, Balasinor, Anklav, Chansava, Vallabhipur, Dakor and Porbandar have good tree cover with density of above 50 trees per hectare. Also the tree density in Porbandar is high due to the presence of mangroves within the area of the city.\"The average tree cover of the nagar palikas in Gujarat is just 5.4 per cent of their total geographical area. This is even less than the average for the municipal corporations.Over 80 Nagarpalikas have poor tree cover, with 70 of them having tree density below 10 trees per hectares. Of these 27 have extremely poor tree density at below 5 trees per hectare. The worst five nagar palikas are Dhandhuka in Ahmedabad, Maliya in Rajkot, Rapar in Kachchh, Radhanpur in Patan, Tharad in Banaskantha.Only eight nagar palikas have fairly good tree cover. About three dozen have tree cover above 10% of their geographical area.To achieve at least 10 per cent area as green cover, the nagar palika should increase their tree count to 59.78 lakh trees from the existing 32.44 lakh. And if the target of 15 per cent of the geographical areas in Nagarpalikas was to be achieved, 73.48 lakh more trees need to be grown.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15085603", "title": "IIT-M faculty take industry sabbaticals for research", "text": "CHENNAI: The Indian Institute of Technology Madras has started arranging short industry sabbaticals for faculty to help them get a feel of the kind of research industry is interested in. The initiative, which began with 12-15 faculty taking off for a few weeks in April, is expected to happen on a bigger scale before next summer.\"Some time ago we asked faculty not currently involved in consultancy projects whether they would like to collaborate with research and development sections in the industry and asked them to specify which industry they were also interested in. We have started off with the automobile industry,\" said IIT-M director Bhaskar Ramamurthi. Meetings were held with industry leaders, including alumni in the field, and faculty shortlisted based on their interests.Launched through the IIT-Madras Centre for Alumni Relations Enhancements (IITM-CARES), the idea is to increase faculty-industry interaction with the help of alumni for mutual benefit. IITM-CARES hopes to leverage alumni relations for more than just fund raising.An account of the contributions by the institute's alumni shows that funds donated by US-based alumni has allowed IIT-M to spend nearly Rs 11 lakh in 2011 on travel grants to help students travel abroad to take part in competitions, summits, workshops and even internships in addition to making paper presentations at conferences. US-based alumni are sponsoring this grant through the IIT Madras Alumni Association of North America (IITMAANA) to encourage the institute's students to showcase their talent at the international level.Eleven people \u2014 an M Tech and two MS students and eight PhD scholars \u2014 have so far travelled on more than Rs 2 lakh in 2012. Big donors to the travel grant include the 1980s batch, which donated Rs 2 lakh, and Ram Sundaram, who gave Rs 7.21 lakh. Around 400 students have received funds amounting to Rs 70 lakh till date.Last year, three undergraduate students from the biotechnology department won the silver award at Biomod 2011 for their project titled 'Reversible Collection of Nano-bots using DNA Nanotechnology'. The team received a grant of Rs 1.5 lakh to fund its travel to Boston . Another team made it to the iGem World Championship Jamboree at MIT, Cambridge, thanks to the grant.The Office of Alumni Affairs also said that nearly 100% of the convocation and institute day awards, previously institute-funded, are now alumni funded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15085957", "title": "Fixed deposits at the cost of development?", "text": "PUNE: The city Congress on Saturday accused the civic administration of blocking development works by diverting funds to fixed deposits. However, the civic administration has refuted the claims.Speaking to reporters, senior Congress leader Aba Bagul said, \"The civic administration has deposited Rs 1,244 crore in various banks as fixed deposits. Also, the corporation has Rs 445 crore in its current account. The civic administration has repeatedly claimed that the financial condition of the civic body was weak and there was paucity of funds to complete development works suggested by corporators. The amount in fixed deposit exposes the civic administrations claims.\"\"Every year, the civic budget allocates funds to corporators to carry out development works in their wards. However, at the end of the financial year, the administration states these works cannot be completed as there are no funds. Even last year, the administration gave the same explanation,\" Bagul said while demanding that the fixed deposit amount should be used to complete the works suggested by corporators.The PMC's chief accountant Ulka Kalaskar said the fixed deposit was part of financial matter. \"Most of this amount is kept for short term purposes as the current account deposits don't yield much interest . Some amount is kept to pay bills for the last financial year's work which is still going on.\"Kalaskar said the civic administration has not diverted development work funds to the fixed deposits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15090893", "title": "SP, Left, JS(S) ask PM not to open up retail trade to FDI", "text": "NEW DELHI: Samajwadi Party , Left parties and JD(S) on Sunday shot off a joint letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh asking the government not to open up retail trade to Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) any further.\"We urge the government not to open up the retail trade to FDI any further. Political parties across the spectrum are opposed to this move. Many state governments have also stated their opposition,\" said the letter sent by these parties to the Prime Minister.\"In the absence of a wide-ranging consensus, we request you not to proceed with this decision,\" it said.The letter was signed by Mulayam Singh Yadav (Samajwadi Party), Prakash Karat (CPI-M), S Sudhakar Reddy (CPI), Danish Ali (JD-S), Debabrata Biswas (Forward Block) and Abani Roy (RSP).The government had allowed FDI in single brand retailing but had suspended the decision to allow such investment in multi-brand retailing due to opposition from several parties including UPA allies.Among the signatories of this letter, SP and JD(S) support the government from outside.The joint letter said that reports were appearing that the Government of India was going to revive the decision to allow FDI in multi-brand retail trade.The letter argued that the retail sector was the second largest employer in the country after agriculture, employing over four crore persons.\"Most of these are small unorganised or self-employed retailers. Entry of MNC supermarket and hypermarket chains would cause severe displacement of these small and unorganised shopkeepers and traders. The entry of the giant Wal-Mart supermarket chain would have a disastrous impact,\" the letter said.The parties also said that the employment growth had slowed down according to the National Sample Survey data of 2009-10 and the entry of foreign supermarkets would further aggravate the employment situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15085291", "title": "All in a day's work for supermoms", "text": "KOLKATA: Fifty-year-old Salt Lake resident Manjira Mazumdar was a journalist with a national newspaper for seven years before she quit her jobin 1992. She did so to take care of her two daughters and help out her filmmaker husband Judhajit. In the choice between her career and family, the latter was her priority. In 2007, she learnt that she could earn a handsome amount by working from home. Manjira now makes Rs 40,000- Rs 50,000 a month by helping out students, who wish to study in foreign universities, in writing essays.\"I had no option but to quit my full-time job as my husband had odd working hours and someone had to be there to take care of the family. So, I decided to quit and help my husband in his struggle. But today, I am more content with my work from home than the full-time job. I am satisfied that I am still creative and doing something productive,\" said Manjira. Manjira did not want her daughters to be raised by a help and thus sacrificed her career for their upbriging and to look after her in-laws.Family was also the reason why Nairikta Joseph had to give up her career of nine years. The 38-year-old worked as the regional sales head of a radio station but had to quit in February this year to devote more time to her family and her four-year-old child Martyn. She is, however, at a better position now, both financially and professionally, thanks to the option of working from home. A bank consultant and an event manager, Nairikta not only draws a \"quite good\" salary, but is also able to spend enough time with her family.Thirty eight-year-old Nairikta Joseph had to give up her career of nine years as a regional sales head in a radio station in February 2012 to take care of her family and four-year-old kid Martyn. But has started working from home and considers herself in a much better position now, both financially and professionally. She is a bank consultant and event manager and earns \"quite good\".It is not just Manjira and Nairikta. There are many other women like them who had to choose their family over career. But they explored alternative career opportunities which helped them to stay in touch with their professional side, remain financially independent and also look after the family.Content writing, working as bank consultants, helping students applying to universities abroad with their paper work, editing thesis papers, working for publishing houses and managing events are some of the most sought after career options for these homemakers. They work for four to five hours a day and earn a good amount.who had to sacrifice their career to look after their family. They explored alternative career opportunities where they can still be in touch with their creative side while earning that extra buck for the family. These alternative careers include helping foreign universities-bound students with their paper-work ,bank consultants, edit thesis papers for foreign students and event managements. They work for 4-5 hours a day from home and still earn good.\"When you have been there in a field job for so many years, you need to keep going and that is why I started working from home so that my skills do not get wasted. I know of a diplomat's wife who was a professor at Cornell University in the US who travels the world and is pretty rich. But she still writes for websites as she hates inactivity,\" said Ritusmita Biswas.The 35-year-old Prince Anwar Shah Road resident was in a dilemma after her daughter was born in 2004. With her husband working in the Merchant Navy, Ritusmita had to give up her job to look after her daughter.A good student and a diligent professional, she found inactivity and her life at home monotonous. Ritusmita then decided to do something productive and started working from home after her daughter turned three. Now, she is happy working as a content writer for websites. She also helps people develop websites.Manjira believes working from home has its own advantages since one can work at leisure. Though deadlines are an issue, but one has the liberty to select one's projects. \"I am not bound to work on everything. I do not have to walk to my boss and ask for leave. I work the way I want with nobody to dictate terms to me. This gives me a lot of time for myself. Plus, the advanced technology has been a lot of help for people like me. I can do my work via an iPad or an iPhone very easily,\" said Manjira. It also helps one save money since there are no conveyance charges or additional expenses to be taken care of.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "kavita seth who has lent her voice for songs like iktara, intezaar and latest being tumhi ho bandhu and many more in her kitty gets up-close about her singing and her life. excerpts from the interview", "code": "15092349", "title": "Songs for me are Divine: Kavita Seth", "text": "Kavita Seth who has lent her voice for songs like Iktara, Intezaar and latest being Tumhi ho Bandhu and many more in her kitty gets up-close about her singing and her life. Excerpts from the interview:How do you define music? Songs for me are divine and spiritual in simple words.What according to you is Sufi music? Sufi according to me is the closest form of being connected with the almighty. It has soul, passion and emotions which are very intense and heart warming.You are now doing some Hindi albums as well? How did you think of changing you roots from classical? I think, I am one of the few people who has maintained a fine balance between classical and commercial tracks in the industry. For me, it is very important to fulfil both genres as the complete an artist's experience.What qualities in your opinion are mandatory to sustain oneself in the cut-throat universe of music in India? Security, confidence in oneself and most importantly constant innovation and learning are the key criteria's to engage and enhance the audiences and once music career.Do you have any icons in music? I have many icons in the field of music but Late Jagjit Singh , A R Rahman, Bryan Adams whom i respect the most. The have contributed not only to music, but also the growth of this industry.Are you worried that you may be type-casted as a Sufi singer in Hindi films and been offered only specific kind of songs? I think differentiation is the key to sustain and create a space for oneself in this industry. If, I am singing songs which are being sung by five other female singers, what is the point and relevance. I feel blessed to have been chosen for specific characters, which in a way projects my personality in each song.Where do you see yourself five years from now? Singing for sure, hopefully I get to be at Grammy's .Tell us something about your husband and family? My husband Late Mr. Krishna Seth played a very pivotal role in my music career, as well as the role of a mother to my two wonderful sons Kanishk and Kavish. He was the riding force for me to be where, I am today. They say behind every successful man there is a woman, for me it was reverse, he is the core reason for my success.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15084560", "title": "When cinema hall owner turned big boss of studio", "text": "AHMEDABAD: From a film projectionist in Ahmedabad, Maneklal Patel went on to become a filmmaker and on to create a pioneering studio in Mumbai, which had glass ceilings to dispense with outdoor shooting.Patel was the first cinema hall owner from the city to partner with film industry doyens like Dwarkadas Sampat in his Kohinoor Film Company. He used to run Cinema de France at Gandhi Road in 1910 and on invitation from Sampat, joined the film company and made 'Shakuntala Janm' in 1919, but the film was a flop.Patel continued to make films in Mumbai. In 1923, when Kohinoor studio was burnt to ashes, he left the film company. He arranged for distribution of all the films assigned to him, and he also established a laboratory and to make the prints for that. In 1925, Patel founded Krishna Film Company and acquired Dubash Theatre, and renamed it 'Krishna Cinema'.Film historian Virchand Dharamsey notes that Maneklal was in the race for making the first talkie in India - the two others being Gujarati Parsi - Ardeshir Irani and Calcutta's J F Madan. Irani succeeded by making 'Alam Ara' in 1931.Patel had great plans for film production. He purchased 90 acres of land in Andheri and constructed a studio on the plot. The studio was built with glass ceilings. \"He wanted the crew to remain in studio and shoot everything without going outdoors. He got permanent sets prepared to suit various locations. He even introduced a plan to create Mughal gardens in studio,\" Dharamsey describes.The filmmaker purchased all necessary equipment for the studio. He utilized all these resources for his ambitious project - his big budget 'Fashionable India' (1935) took two years to complete, and it was at a time when directors and filmmakers were forced to complete three films in a month. The huge expenditure over one film over such a long time dragged him into debt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "lytham (england)", "code": "15093267", "title": "I will be back for the Open, says Jeev Milkha Singh", "text": "LYTHAM (England): Jeev Milkha Singh finished his campaign at the 141st Open Championships rather tamely with a three-over 73 that ended with a double bogey on the 18th on Sunday.Jeev's 73 saw him end the week at 10-over 280 and in tied 73rd place. He was off even before Anirban Lahiri had teed up for the final round.\"Wish him (Lahiri) luck from my side. He is having great week and will learn a lot from this week,\" said Jeev as he left for London enroute to India, where he will spend a week with his family.Lahiri was due to tee of at just before 1 pm local time. Jeev admitted he was disappointed at not being able to do better, but said, \"I was really glad to be here. I enjoyed every bit of it. I expected better results than the way it has ended up. I fought hard.\"My goal was to finish under par but I fell short. Mentally I'm tired and I'll rest next week and start again at the WGC-Bridgestone Invitational (in August). I must admit I was not mentally sharp enough. May be it was the highs of last week. So, I am looking forward to a week in Chandigarh.\"Time to celebrate (the Scottish win). We'll have a few parties at home. Will be nice to catch up with the family after the Scottish win and the start at the Open. My next two events will be the WGC at Akron and the PGA Championships at Kiawah Islands. I should have re-charged my batteries by then,\" he added.On the final day Jeev had one birdie on the par-5 seventh and bogeys on sixth and 15th and a double on 18th.Jeev, who has played five weeks in a row, rose to 87th last week after the win in the play-off in Scotland last Sunday.His next goal is to get into top-50 and earn him a return to The Masters Tournament next April.Jeev loves his Masters belt, which he used all week at Royal Lytham and St Annes. It looked worn out but Jeev is hopeful he can return to Augusta National to buy a new one after featuring in the prestigious tournament from 2007 to 2009.\"Next year, I need a new belt,\" he said laughing. \"I have loved every bit of the Masters. It's my favourite Major championship and I'm hoping to get back there.\"Jeev, whose best finish at the Masters was tied 25th in 2008, also completed a personal milestone this week by making the cut which means he has now played in four rounds of all the Majors.\"What I take from here is that this is my first Open where I played four rounds,\" concluded Jeev.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15089879", "title": "Feeling breathless? Turn on your AC", "text": "Rains are here for sure, but they have also got along humidity. Buying an AC is a good idea now but you must know it a little betterClosing doors, vents and ductwork to unused rooms makes better and more efficient use of an air conditioner. Cold air goes where the heat is. If there is a hot unused room, the air conditioner will work to cool it off. By closing that room off to the rest of the house (by register or even more closing the duct work leading to that room), your home will stay cooler more efficiently.Lowering the temperature on the thermostat does not make the air conditioner work any faster when cooling off your home. An air conditioner extracts the humidity in a home and replaces it with cold.If your system is too large for your home, it will simply cost more to operate than one that's the correct size. Some reasons for this include excessive energy usage and an unnecessary number of times the unit will 'kick' on and off. The air conditioner will need to work harder when you arrive home to achieve your desired temperature, and you may be a bit uncomfortable in the meantime. However, increase the temperature setting before you leave or purchase a programmable thermostat to do the job for you and you will be able to make the air easy and breezy much sooner.Setting a colder-than-desired temperature will not cool your home any faster, but it will cause your unit to run longer than necessary. Set the thermostat to your desired temperature and not at a low temperature.Clean upIt is always advisable to refer to the service manual of the air conditioning unit before you decide to clean up your AC. But one general rule you should never forget is to turn off the power to the unit before cleaningGet helpA professional technician can advise if the refrigerant should be recharged or if anything may need replacing. It is a good idea to consider having a full service on the AC unit every year or two", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15085391", "title": "'July 21 is about moving on in life'", "text": "KOLKATA: Saturday began with an unusual rush for Krishno Chakraborty. There was so much to do...organizing a Martyr's Day in the locality, buying flowers and arranging a prayer in memory of his brother, Murari, who was among the 13 killed in police firing in 1993. And then make a dash to Didi's July 21 rally in Esplanade.So hectic has been this day for Krishno that mourning has taken a backseat over the years. \"For us, July 21 is not about shedding tears. It is about moving on,\" said the 41-year-old, who used to sell fishes till he was given a job in the state assembly. Well-looked after by chief minister Mamata Banerjee, the family now owns a pucca house. Indeed they have moved on.But nine-year-old Pulami (Murari's niece) hasn't much inkling of the past.Nineteen years have passed in between, but Krishno still shudders while remembering those days of horror. \"Life was different then. The area, a CPM stronghold, wasn't safe for anyone daring to support any other party. We were the worst offenders because we were supporters of Mamata Banerjee, then the new face of Opposition,\" said Krishno, adding, \"In 1991, my brother Murari and I had gone under cover because CPM cadres were after our blood. Never did we imagine that in barely two years, the state administration would spray bullets on one of us.\"Murari, then 28, had been a hands-on politician and Krishno, barely 22 years old, the bread-earner. \"The rally was initially scheduled for July 14, but Mamata-di postponed it because governor Nurul Hasan had died (on July 12). The rally was postponed for a week,\" said Krishno.\"I remember Didi's clarion call: Demand for Voter Identity Cards, something that is now taken for granted. Those days, this demand was necessary as it was the first step for ensuring democracy,\" rued Krishno.\"Dada was unwell and I was asked me to accompany him. Some last-minute problems held me back,\" he recalled. \"Dada and his team of Youth Congress leaders left in a van around noon. They travelled via Nagerbazar to Esplanade. It was very hot that day.\" Two hours later, a small crowd had gathered in front of their home. As Krishno walked in, he heard his mother's (Charu) stoic voice: Murari is no more.Mamata Banerjee was in hospital soon after the tragedy that had shaken the political arena not just in the Communist-ruled Bengal, but the nation as well. \"After she recovered, Didi had asked for the family members of Murari Chakraborty. I went to see her. She handed me some money. Since then, I have been a regular visitor at Harish Chatterjee Street. Now I am an active Trinamool Congress member,\" said Krishno.If Mamata has walked miles since July 21, 1993, so have people like Krisno. \"Didi will make the best chief minister of them all. Guess why? Because she has struggled with us,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15084804", "title": "Motamma denied entry, creates ruckus", "text": "BANGALORE: Former minister C Motamma, who recently quit as opposition leader of Legislative Council, created a scene and hurled abuses at party leaders after she was not allowed to enter the coordination committee meeting held here on Saturday.This left the party members embarrassed as it happened in full media glare. Leaders' explanations that they weren't allowing uninvited leaders to the meeting failed to pacify her. Hurt by his behaviour, Motamma said: \"I have worked for Congress for past 35 years. I did not expect this insult from my seniors. Perhaps they are doing this to suppress me as I hail from dalit family and a backward region.\"Anticipating bigger trouble, some leaders asked Congress volunteers to allow Motamma to enter the venue later. However, the damage was already done.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15086839", "title": "Agri credit branches in Karnataka, Maha", "text": "MANGALORE: Chennai-based Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) has plans to set up specialized agriculture credit branches, which will create dedicated outlets for agricultural lending. In the initial phase, 15 such branches will be opened up, out of which 10 will be in the state and the rest in Maharashtra. The state branches will come up in Udupi, Hassan, Bagalkot, Belgaum and Raichur districts, CMD M Narendra said here on Saturday.Narendra told reporters that these branches will have an agricultural officer or a rural development officer as supervisory staff. The branches will not only sanction agricultural loans but will also process and appraise loan proposals of nearby branches, he said, adding that they are aiming to set up the branches before September 30. \"The agricultural officers will solicit business on behalf of the bank from an exclusive farmer clientele base,\" Narendra said.The bank has set an ambitious target of Rs 500 crore business from these specialised branches, he said. Lending for cash crops such as sugarcane, tobacco and paddy would be order of the day. \"We will set up these branches in Sholapur, Ratnagiri, Kolhapur areas of Maharashtra where lending for agricultural activities is immense,\" he said. These branches would be expanded to other parts of the country later.He admitted that weak monsoon was a cause for worry as it could impact agriculture credit. \"Even otherwise, farmers are likely to shift to alternative cropping patterns taking into account the rainfall so far,\" he said.For 2010-11, the bank's advances for agriculture was 21%, he said, adding that at March end, the total agricultural lending was Rs 19,932 crore, out of which direct agriculture loan was more than Rs 16,650 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15093119", "title": "Look out notices against Karnataka MLAs", "text": "HYDERABAD: The arrest of Karnataka MLAs Gali Somasekhar Reddy and T H Suresh Babu seems to be imminent in the cash-for-bail case as Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) has issued look out notices against the two legislators, preventing them from fleeing the country.After ACB sleuths have arrested Dasaratharami Reddy from Tirupati on Friday night, Bellary Urban MLA Gali Somasekhar Reddy and Kampli MLA T H Suresh Babu are the only two accused yet to be arrested in the bail scam.The ACB has so far registered two cases related to the cash-for-bail scam. In the first case, suspended CBI judge T Pattabhirama Rao, his son Ravi Chandra, retired judge TV Chalapati Rao, history-sheeter Yadgiri Rao, advocate Aditya, two Karnataka MLAs and their associate Dasaratharami Reddy were named accused for conspiring and securing bail fraudulently for Gali Janardhan Reddy.The second case was booked against suspended judges Prabhakar Rao, Lakshminarasimha Rao, their associates Suryaprakash Rao, who also tried to strike a deal between Gali's group and CBI judges, but failed. So far, Gali brothers were yet to be named as accused in the second case, but sources revealed that given the amount of evidence against them, ultimately their names would be added to the accused list along with some other people.As four people from judicial fraternity have already been arrested in the case, the two Karnataka MLAs' arrest is imminent in a few days. ACB sleuths said to prevent the egislators from leaving the country, they have taken necessary measures. \"We have alerted all international airports in the country about the two Karnataka MLAs through look out notices. It's a normal practice,\" a top ACB officer said.There were speculations that ACB was delaying the arrest of Karnataka MLAs due to procedural difficulties as it involves arresting legislators, that too from another state. However, an ACB officer said they were just gathering crucial evidence like source of the bribe amount to nail the legislators.\"Like any other probing agency, ACB can arrest any accused from any part of the country. In case of arrest of an MLA, we just have to notify the speaker of the Assembly concerned,\" an official said.Meanwhile, the CBI has already written to the state government asking for permission to probe the cash-for-bail cases. To hand over the cases to the CBI, the state government has to write to the Union government expressing its consent, but so far it has not done, the ACB official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15093260", "title": "Each state to have Solar City soon", "text": "MUMBAI: The ministry of new and renewable energy has initiated the development of solar cities. The programme has been designed to encourage urban local bodies to prepare a road map to guide their cities in becoming 'renewable energy cities' or 'solar cities'.The Solar City programme aims to consolidate all the efforts of the ministry and address the energy problem of the urban areas in a holistic manner. The various initiatives of the ministry which include promoting solar water heating systems in homes, hotels , hostels, hospitals and industry; deploying solar photo voltaic (SPV) systems in urban areas for demonstration and awareness creation; establishing 'Akshya Urja Shops'; designing solar buildings and promoting urban and industrial biomass to energy projects would be streamlined under the programme.In a solar city all types of renewable energy based projects like solar, wind, biomass, small hydro, waste to energy will be installed in an energy efficient manner as well as commensurate with the requirements of the city. The Solar City aims at minimum 10% reduction in projected demand of conventional energy and increasing energy production through renewable energy. The basic aim is to motivate the local governments for encouraging and adopting renewable energy technologies and energy efficiency measures.The Solar City would be identified on the premise of population; potential of renewable energy resources and energy conservation; initiatives taken by local governments as well as the general public and industry in the same arena. The cities may have population between 50,000 to 50 lakh. However, relaxation is considered for special category states including north-eastern states and hilly states, islands and union territories. A total of 60 cities and towns were identified to be supported for development as Solar Cities during the 11th Plan period. At least one city in each state to a maximum of five cities in a state may be supported by the ministry as Solar City.The local governments would be encouraged to make master plan and provide institutional arrangements for it. The master plan of the city will include the base-line for energy consumption during the year 2008, demand forecasting for the years 2013 and 2018, sector-wise strategies and action plan for implementation of renewable energy projects so as to mitigate the fossil fuel consumption in the city. Proper awareness generation activities would be included in the scheme.Under the programme, financial assistance up to Rs. 50 Lakhs per city/town is provided depending upon population and initiatives decided to be taken by the city administration as per the following details.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15092646", "title": "Commuters group welcome PMPML decision to defer fare hike", "text": "PUNE: Several bus commuters groups have welcomed the decision of the PMPML to defer the proposed hike in bus fares. PMPML, the commuters groups have said, needs a sustainable improvement plan which can be taken forward with the help of the state government, as well as Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad municipal corporations.A joint statement issued by the commuters groups said PMPML is the only public transport for 60 lakh citizens of Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad. They need efficient, safe, and reliable city bus transport service which is affordable to the poor lower middle class.PMPML, last week deferred its proposal to hike the bus fares by one rupee. The transport company's chairman and managing director Ramachandra Joshi said that PMPML has not increased bus fares in the last two years. Moreover, while the fuel prices have increased, PMPML has also sanctioned revised pay scales for its employees, he said. The proposal for hike in bus fares was deferred as the board of directors said that the two municipal corporations could implement a series of measures to provide financial assistance to PMPML. One of the directors Prashant Jagtap has suggested that the two corporations should waive off octroi on buses and that the state government should waive away all taxes imposed on public transport.The bus commuters groups said the transport company management should follow with the government on waiver of taxes and other dues.The bus commuters groups who have made these demands include PMP Pravasi Manch, Lokayat, Pedestrians First, Parisar, SUM Net, IAC-Pune-Bus Pravasi group, Pune zilla Molkarin Sanghatna, and Saarthi.ends//manish", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15085004", "title": "Construction worker dies in wall collapse", "text": "BANGALORE: Cconstruction worker Mohammad Ashrab Ali, 19, suffocated to death and two of his co-workers sustained injuries when a mud wall of a foundation wall caved in on them at an under-construction commercial complex near 80 Feet Road, Indiranagar around 3.30pm Saturday.Ali, Zaheer-ul, 30, and Yasin Ahmed, 25, are from West Bengal. The injured were shifted to a nearby private hospital for treatment.They came to the city this January and were part of a team of about 50 daily wage workers at the site. The incident took place on vacant land near Tangaiah Complex. Preliminary investigation revealed that the construction was being built on a site measuring 100 ft x 150ft.Eyewitnesses said the three men were standing on the edge and pouring water into the foundation. \"The foundation is around 15ft deep and the earth they were standing on caved in. The three were buried under a huge mud heap,\" a co-worker Sabanna said.Indiranagar police along with one fire tender and rescue team rushed to the spot around 4pm. \"We pulled out all the three but Ali died due to suffocation,\" police added. Police are looking for the site engineer and supervisor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15084510", "title": "Financial crisis pulls down IIM-A's corporate tie-up fund target", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIM-A) has altered its plans of tapping corporate houses for raising funds owing to the global economic slowdown. The premier institute had initially planned to raise $50 million (over Rs 200 crore) in the long run from corporate tie-ups. However, with the ongoing turmoil in global financial markets affecting profits of companies, the target has been reduced to $10 million (close to Rs 55 crore).Director of IIM-A Samir Barua said, \"With profits on a decline, corporate are in a bad shape themselves. There is not much happening on that front till the economy picks up. The initial target of $50 million seems a pipe dream at the moment.\"According to the institute's yet-to-be-released annual report, IIM-A has made a surplus of Rs 8 crore for the financial year ending March 31, 2012. Barua said that the institute will use the surplus money to renovate buildings of the institute's old campus. \"The surplus money will go in overhauling some of the infrastructure on the old campus. Lot of money is needed and we continue to look at our alumni for funds,\" Barua added.In 2010-11, IIM-A had made a surplus - of Rs 6.83 crore - for the first time. This, in spite of spending over Rs 1 crore on its year-long golden jubilee celebrations and an increase in the pension liability by about 60 per cent.Barua, who has been instrumental in making the institute achieve the surplus, plans to continue teaching at IIM-A after his term ends as director in November. \"Unless something else happens, I will continue as a faculty member as per the IIM-A tradition,\" Barua said without divulging if has plans to apply for a second term as director.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "bathinda", "code": "15087091", "title": "Soldier killed in J&K; encounter cremated", "text": "BATHINDA: The cremation of martyr Gobind Singh was held in his native Sivian village of Bathinda on Saturday with full honours in presence of Army and Punjab Police officials.After the body, wrapped in tricolour, arrived in the village, youths took over and carried it to the funeral ground, amid patriotic slogans and accompanied by thousands of mourners. It was a heart rending scene as elderly parents of Gobind Singh wept inconsolably as the body, wrapped in tricolour, was placed before them for a last look. The young boy, still unmarried, had died fighting terrorists in Jammu and Kashmir.\"Our village youth is inspired by Gobind Singh's supreme sacrifice and we want that our village school be named after him and statue of him erected in the campus,\" Tajinder Singh, a village youth, said.\"I am proud of my son that he lived and died for the country. Not only we, but our whole village feels proud about him,\" said Bhajan Singh, father of the slain patriot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15086066", "title": "Now, MBBS doctors can get trained to perform ultrasound sonography test", "text": "PUNE: Important decisions vis-a-vis simplifying the mandatory form F, allowing gynaecologists to perform ultrasound sonography (USG) tests without any additional training, formation of a fixed protocol to bring in uniform directives and checklists for officials inspecting sonography and abortion centres were some of the topics discussed at the 19th meeting of the Central Supervisory Board held under the chairmanship of union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad at Vigyan Bhavan in Delhi on Friday.The CSG also approved additional training syllabus for MBBS doctors who want to perform USG test.\"There has been an ambiguity in the PCPNDT Act, about whether gynaecologists should be allowed to perform sonography test or they be made to undergo an additional training, like that of MBBS doctors prior to given them permission. After thorough discussion the CSG has decided to allow gynaecologist to perform the test and exempted them from undergoing six months training,\" senior gynaecologist Sanjay Gupte, member of CSG who attended the meet, told TOI on Saturday.Gynaecologists practising in states such as Punjab, Rajasthan and few districts in Maharashtra are not allowed to conduct the sonography test if they have not undergone additional training. Only radiologists, MBBS doctors who have undergone the six months' training and those gynaecologists who have undergone training are allowed to carry out the test.The CSG also decided to simplify and fine tune the mandatory form F which patients and doctor conducting songraphy test need to fill up before the test.\"CThere are various columns in form F which are uncalled for. Besides, crucial information, such as patient's obsteric historylike earlier deliveries, abortions, etc, are not asked in the current format of form F. It has been decided to form a committee to reset form F and make it more sonography-test centric and insert columns to help nab erring doctors,\" Gupte said.\"The CSG also decided to form a fixed protocol to bring in uniform directives and checklists for officials inspecting sonography and abortion centres. At present, there is too much variation in the officials' way of inspecting machines, checking records, form F, etc.There needs to be some kind of cohesion in the inspection methodology to avoid confusion among doctors wishing to adhere to the norms of the Pre-Conception and Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques (prevention of sex determination test) (PCPNDT) Act.The CSG also approved syllabus meant for MBBS doctors who wants to conduct sonography test. \"There are centres conducting six months training course for MBBS doctors who want to run sonography centres and conduct tests. But there is no control and cohesion in the syllabus they teach.The CSG has approved the training module for such doctors which the centres conducting six months training programme for MBBS doctors will have to follow teach this syllabus approved by the CSB.\"The CSB also decided that those MBBS doctors who had been conducting sonography tests and registered themselves with local authorities would need to appear only for competency examination.\"The MBBS doctors registered under the act for conducting sonography test will not have to undergo six months training. They can simply appear for a competency test and clear it,\" Gupte said. There are around 40,000 to 50,000 such doctors in the country, he added.Many states report of miscreants and non-medicos who buy defunct sonography machines, refurbish them and run sonography centres illegally. \"The CSG has decided to set up an independent monitoring mechanism to nab such centres,\" Gupte said.The Union health family welfare minister, Ghulam Nabi Azad reconstituted the Central Supervisory Board (CSB under Section 7 of the Pre-conception &amp; Pre-natal Diagnostic Techniques Act, 1994 (PC &PNDT; Act).The functions of the board include -- advise the Centre on policy matters relating to use of pre-natal diagnostic techniques, sex selection techniques and against their misuse; review and monitor implementation of the Act and rules and recommend changes in them; oversee the performance of various bodies constituted under the Act and take appropriate steps to ensure its proper and effective implementation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15075822", "title": "Sony Xperia neo L: Review", "text": "The Android smartphone market is growing by leaps and bounds and not wanting to let Samsung and HTC corner all the expanding growth, Sony is betting big on it. After a patchy ICS update to other smartphones of the Xperia series which drew a lot of ire from its users, Sony is launching three new Android phones - neo L, Go and Ion - this quarter. All three are being launched in the Xperia series. Neo L expands the Xperia series in the mid-range and succeeds neo V, which was launched about a year ago.Unlike its haloed siblings like Xperia S, Xperia U and Xperia Arc S, the neo L runs on Android 4.0 (Ice Cream Sandwich) operating system straight out-of-the-box, which gives it a slight edge over others as most phones being sold in market are still based on Gingerbread. However, in an already flooded Android market, the question remains whether Sony Xperia neo L will stand out at a price of Rs 18,499, especially when HTC One V is available at Rs 18,599 and the similarly-priced dual core-powered Samsung Galaxy Ace 2 is scheduled to hit India in a few months.We played around a bit with the phone and here's what we think of it:Looks and dimensions Sony seems to have deviated from the laws of genetics in case of neo L. Hence, its design doesn't bear much resemblance with the sleekness of its recent breed of Xperia S, Xperia U, Xperia P phones. Its shape, however, has glimpses of some older Xperia phones such as the Arc and neo V, but unlike the thin beauty of the Arc, neo L is fatter.The phone measures 4.8x2.4x0.5 inches, which may seem to be sleek but once you hold the phone, it isn't really light. It weighs 131.5 grams against the Xperia neo V which weighs 126 grams, and Xperia Arc S which weighs 117 grams. Other contemporaries also weigh less, such as HTC One V, which weighs 115 grams and Samsung Galaxy S Advance, which weighs 120 grams.Hardware Though the phone is good to look at, it is like a fingerprint-magnate and any user would be hard-pressed to keep it devoid of smudges for even a few minutes. It has a glossy and rather brittle seeming plastic casing for a back cover that has to be kept clean regularly, sometimes many times a day! The frame is lined with chrome, which certainly gives it a sleek look and makes it appear similar to the neo V, Arc and Arc S. A 3.5-mm audio jack is placed in the top-centre of the phone which gives it an avoidable ugly bulge. On the left is a mini USB port for charging and data transfer, and on the right panel are the buttons for power and volume and a small speaker.Sony Xperia neo L sports a 4-inch HD TFT touchscreen with 854x480 pixel resolution, slightly larger than HTC One V's, but smaller than that of Motorola Atrix 2 and Samsung Galaxy S Advance. Below the screen are four physical buttons (in the same curved shape as the three buttons in the Arc) namely Back, Home, Menu and Search. These buttons are stiff, small and you may sometimes accidentally tread upon the on-screen controls while pressing the hard hardware buttons. Likewise, the buttons for power and volume are not well placed if the phone is held in one hand. Since, the glossy body of Xperia neo L is rather slippery, even not-so-clumsy users might end up dropping it a few times.Ice Cream Sandwich integration The phone runs on Android 4.0 out-of-the-box and that is an important selling point since users would not have to wait for an update, a la Motorola Atrix 2. However, the HTC One V, priced similar to the Xperia neo L, also offers a premium Android 4.0 straight from the box.Users can choose between seven pre-installed neon-based Ice Cream Sandwich themes in the Sony Xperia neo L, which are seen in the background when the home screen and menu are open. The overall user experience is quite smooth and fluid. Sony's Timescape has made its way to this phone as well, so that users can see the recent updates, tweets, messages etc by all contacts on a single scrollable window from the home screen.Sony has done well by adding a number of useful widgets in the Xperia neo L that add to its functionality, such as the Gallery View, which allows users to access pics, videos and music from the same widget. The dock/menu bar located at the bottom of the five home screens is also customisable and can hold a total of four applications. Users can create folders if they want to add more applications to this dock.Connectivity The phone comes loaded with all modern connectivity options available in a mid-range smartphone, such as Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, DLNA, Wi-Fi hotspot, 3G, GPRS, EDGE and Bluetooth 2.1 with A2DP and EDR. It has GTalk, Gmail and a combined inbox for all emails. The social networking integration, including Facebook and Twitter, will make it a suitable choice for the youth.Call clarity is decent, but only in a quite room. When we stepped out on a noisy street, the sound became muffled, which will be a dampener for those who travel a lot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15084078", "title": "Security beefed up at colleges for freshers", "text": "NEW DELHI: Elaborate security arrangements have been made to ensure smooth induction of Delhi University students in the new academic year. The session kicks off on Monday.Eight police checkpoints will be set up at all the entry points on North Campus to keep troublemakers at bay. Plain-clothed cops and security personnel as well as DU officials will do rounds of the campus. DU administration and cops have decided to jointly conduct surprise checks in hostels to prevent ragging. A meeting of the DU proctorial board on Thursday decided that the university would set up two joint control rooms, one each on North and South campuses.Colleges and hostels have been asked to restrict entry of outsiders and prominently display rules prohibiting ragging. Disciplinary squads have been formed in all colleges to monitor ragging. There will be round-the-clock security in all hostels. Vigil will be mounted at all eating joints on the campus. There will be police pickets outside every college. Women cops in plainclothes will also be deployed.In case of harassment, students can either drop a complaint at the complaint box of the college, or call the national anti-ragging helpline 1800-180-5522. Dial 27667221 for the joint control room on North Campus, or 24119832 on South Campus. Students can also dial 100 or inform the nearest PCR van.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "candolim", "code": "15085405", "title": "Candolim sand dune issue gets political colour", "text": "CANDOLIM: An alleged case of clearing of sand dune vegetation and unauthorized activity of leveling the dune by a local resident appears to be embroiled in charges of political motives from two sides involved in the row.A few members of Candolim panchayat, said a local resident, has been leveling sand dunes and clearing the sand-dune vegetation within the CRZ area on Candolim beach. Speaking to TOI, Candolim deputy sarpanch Lourenco Fernandes said the owners of the property have been clearing the vegetation and leveling the sand dunes by engaging workers on weekends.\"It has been going on for some time now. They've leveled the ground and removed the 'lingud' bushes and dug a well in the CRZ area without any permission,\" he said.Despite warnings from the panchayat members, the owners of the plot have continued with the work taking advantage of the weekend holidays when officials at the district collectorate are off-duty and reluctant to come for inspection.According to Lourenco Fernandes, the property belongs to the family of Seby D'Souza.Calangute MLA Michael Lobo said the allegations are politically motivated and are linked to the assembly polls. \"It's a totally political allegation because Seby had gone against the ruling members in the last elections and supported me,\" he said.Goa coastal zone management authority (GCZMA) member secretary Michael D'Souza said he would look into the matter, but the panchayat is also vested with powers to initiate action. \"The panchayat bodies are also empowered to take action against unauthorized structures,\" he said. Seby D'Souza claimed that he was only putting grass on the sand dune. \"Somebody had dumped construction debris and waste material from a collapsed house on the dune,\" he said, adding that he was cleaning the area for a garden and to plant trees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15085490", "title": "Aviation minister seeks more regulatory powers for Directorate General of Civil Aviation", "text": "CHENNAI: Hinting that the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) lacks teeth, civil aviation minister Ajit Singh on Saturday said the body needs to be provided with more regulatory powers. He was speaking at the passing out parade of the first batch of assistant sub-inspectors of the Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) at the Regional Training Centre, Arakkonam.He said the removal of Bharat Bhushan as the head of DGCA was a \"purely administrative action\" which has nothing to do with his stand on Kingfisher Airlines . He pointed out that the DGCA had in fact recommended replacing Bhushan two months ago and the transfer took place now because he was holding an additional post which the DGCA found on appraisal.The minister said the Union cabinet will, in ten days, look into the issue of compensation to be paid by Boeing to Air India for the delay in delivery of Dreamliners. \"We have to take comments from every ministry. Some have not given it, some have raised questions,\" Singh said. As soon as the matter is cleared by the cabinet committee on economic affairs, three Boeing 787 Dreamliner planes will be ready for delivery.Air India had two years ago sought a $710 million compensation package for the delay. Following this, several rounds of negotiations between the airline and Boeing took place. In the last week of May, AI Board agreed on the package from Boeing and sent it for approval by the government.The national carrier had placed orders for 27 B-787s in 2005 and, as per the original schedule, Boeing was to have commenced delivery from September 2008 but failed to do so due to several factors, ranging from delays in supply of spares to the Boeing plant.Regarding linking of northeastern states and other tier-2 and tier-3 cities by air, Singh said he proposed to develop a feeder or commercial air services model on the lines of those operating in foreign countries. The government could help these projects with flight guarantee programmes, he said.The minister said the issue of pilots striking work is a thing of the past. He lauded the role played by CISF at Indian airports and underlined the importance of its training centers such as the one in Arakkonam near Chennai which, he said, has lived up to the CISF motto 'protection and security.'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15086215", "title": "Waterlogging: Chandigarh municipal corporation caught out", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It seems that the public health wing of Chandigarh municipal corporation has fooled public representatives as well on the cleanliness of around 30,000 road gullies to prevent waterlogging in city. In a crucial revelation, it has come to light that contradictory reports regarding cleanliness of roads gullies were given to mayor and water supply and sewerage disposal committee. Now, the members of the committee plan to write to the municipal commissioner in this regard and ask for an explanation.Both reports, which are in possession of TOI, reveal that one was submitted to the city mayor on June 4 and another was given to members of the water supply and sewerage disposal committee on July 5.According to the record available with TOI, in the list submitted on June 4 to mayor, the public health wing has clearly mentioned that cleaning work of roads gullies in sectors 16, 21, 22, 23, 24, 27, 28, 29, 31, 32 has been completed, while in the report submitted on July 5, the health wing has admitted that work of cleanliness of most of the roads of the same sectors are under progress. Mukesh Bassi, chairman of the water supply and disposal committee of the MC, said, \"This is a very serious issue where contradictory reports have been prepared and submitted. I am writing to the municipal commissioner asking for explanation on the entire issue and we will take strict action against guilty persons/officials.\"City mayor Rajbala Malik said, \"This is a serious issue and we are examining the entire matter in detail.\" Showers in the recent past and even on Friday have already exposed the tall claims of civic body for proper arrangements to avoid waterlogging during monsoon. Most parts of the city experienced heavy waterlogging following the first monsoon showers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15086121", "title": "Alert woman prevents nabs two chain snatching", "text": "PUNE: An alert software engineer, Archana Sadanand Limaye (34) of Kothrud, nabbed two chain snatchers with the help of a traffic policeman at Karishma chowk in Kothrud on Friday night.The chain snatchers are Krushna Gunjal (30) of Ramoshiwadi and Ravi Dhotre (33) of Janwadi.Senior police inspector Kalyanrao Vidhate of the Kothrud police station said Archana, who works with an IT firm in Hinjewadi, alighted from a bus at Karishma chowk and was heading to her residence at Karishma society on Karve road when the suspects on a motorcycle came from behind and attempted to snatched her gold chain worth Rs 45, 000.Vidhate said Archana caught hold of one of the suspects' hand when he was trying to snatch her chain.The two in a bid to escape lost their balance and fell near Sumitra hotel at Karishma chowk. They could not escape as the bike fell on their legs. Archana, with the help of a traffic policeman, nabbed the duo and handed them to Kothrud police, Vidhate said, adding that the police suspect they are involved in other cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15089128", "title": "Prabhu Deva, Virat Kohli get jiggy in Bangkok", "text": "Superstars in their respective fields Virat Kohli and Prabhu Deva got on together like a house on fire in Bangkok when they shot an ad last week.The crackling chemistry is there for everyone to see in the pictures. Kohli, initially reluctant to dance was coaxed by Prabhu to try out some intricate steps. The results, we hear, were so awesome that somewhere down the fun zone that the duo established during their 2-day shooting, the idea of a movie launch for the star-cricketer came up.And we hear Virat is not averse to the idea. Prabhu, who according to Ram Gopal Varma is one of the three most successful Bollywood directors today after Rohit Shetty and Sajid Khan, wraps ups his current commitments may plan a launch for Virat.At the moment Prabhu is busy with the launch of Kumar Taurani's son Girish on a remake of his 2005 Telugu hit Nuvvostanante Nenoddantana with Shruti Haasan. The original film had featured Siddharth and Trisha. Interestingly Nuvvostanante Nenoddantana had distinct shades of Salman Khan's launch film Maine Pyar Kiya.It would be interesting to see what Prabhu chooses as Virat's movie launch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15084029", "title": "AIIMS, Johns Hopkins varsity keen to help cut newborn deaths", "text": "BHOPAL: The All India Institute of Medical Sciences ( AIIMS) - Bhopal along with the famous Johns Hopkins University wants to replicate the Uttar Pradesh model in Madhya Pradesh to reduce neonatal mortality.\"We want to bring a tested programme and a tested team along with the social tools from Johns Hopkins to Madhya Pradesh,\" Dr Sandeep Kumar, AIIMS-Bhopal director, told TOI.Through community mobilization and behaviour change communications, a 54% reduction was achieved by the group in 299 villages of Uttar Pradesh. AIIMS-Bhopal and Johns Hopkins representatives will make a presentation before the chief minister on the project on August 6.Formative analysis and ethnographic studies would be carried out and then tools specific to Madhya Pradesh would be developed, he added.Despite a five point drop last year, infant mortality rate in Madhya Pradesh is the highest with 62 deaths per 1000. Maternal mortality stands at 379 deaths per 100,000 live births.\"By simply educating pregnant mothers and their in-laws against high risk birth practices we can spearhead the fight against infant mortality,\" said Dr Saroj Mohanty, research co-ordinator for the Johns Hopkins University (collaborative project).Proposing to emulate lessons learnt from the success of 'Saksham project' in Rai Bareli district of UP, Dr Mohanty said that proposal entails the training of Accredited Social Health Activist (ASHA) under the national rural health mission (NRHM).Auditing of ASHA programme is a part of the proposal. \"ASHA has improved care but it should be bettered,\" he added. Sources suggest the AIIMS-Bhopal is inclined to carry out the pilot project in a neighbouring district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15086757", "title": "School plan BlackDay in protest", "text": "PATNA: Bihar Public School &amp; Children Welfare Association on Saturday condemned the gruesome murder of school principal Nilam Sharma and observed one-minute silence for the peace of her soul at its meeting.Association president D K Singh and general secretary Prof R S Sharma described the incident as unfortunate. They said besides being a teacher, Nilam was also a social worker.The association office-bearers said their delegation would meet the DGP on Sunday to seek immediate arrest of the killers. A protest march would also be organized from Kargil Chowk to Raj Bhavan on Monday. On Tuesday, all the public schools across the state would observe black day and principals and teachers would wear black badges during work, they said and added if the killers were not arrested even then, all the public schools would remain closed for one day. Due to this tragic incident, Chhatra Pratibha Samman Samaroh has been deferred, they added.RJD principal general secretary Ramkripal Yadav said criminals had become daring under the NDA rule in the state. Nilam Sharma was murdered in broad daylight, and even after 24 hours, the Patna Police have failed to nab those involved in this heinous crime. He added that criminals snatched gold chain from a Vigilance Bureau staff, Gauri Verma, near the CM's residence, which showed the failure of the police, he said.Meanwhile, the Patna unit of All India Progressive Women's Association (AIPWA) took out a march in the state capital, demanding immediate arrest of the killers of Nilam Sharma. Addressing the march, AIPWA general secretary Mina Tiwary said the way Nilam was murdered, showed the rising confidence of criminals. An AIPWA team led by Mina Tiwary met the bereaved family in the morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "15086068", "title": "2-year-old boy locked in car by mistake, dies", "text": "PANCHKULA: In a tragic incident, a two-year-old child from Panchkula's Sector 7 died of suffocation when he accidentally got locked in the family car. The child, Paras, was rushed to the General Hospital, Sector 6, Panchkula where he was declared brought dead.\"It was around 3pm in the afternoon that his grandfather Bhupinder Singh took lunch for Paras' father at a showroom in Mansa Devi Complex accompanied by his three other grandsons. When they came back home, and the other kids were about to leave for tuition, they realized that Paras was not there. They first thought that he was playing somewhere. Then the family searched for him everywhere but could not find him,\" said Prakash Singh Bains, a relative of the child.\"They started looking for him but could not find him and then suddenly, someone from the family saw Paras in the car. When they opened the car door they found Paras lying unconscious in the car,\" added Bains.It was only after two hours after they returned home that Paras was found. The car had a central-locking system. When the family could not find the child for a while they called up the cops,who too started looking for the child. \"But by the time the child was taken to the hospital, he was declared brought dead,\" said in charge of Sector 7 police post, Mange Ram.The father of the deceased child, Karanpreet Singh is a businessman. The incident has left the family shattered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15091041", "title": "Thaandavam's song list", "text": "A L Vijay's film Thaandavam caused a lot of expectations amidst the fans, espcially since the director's previous two films Madrassapattinam and Deiva Thiirumagal were a big hit with the audiences. The film stars Vikram, Anushka, Amy Jackson, Lakshmi Rai and Jagapathi Babu.With the shooting for the film finally complete and the makers busy with post-production and publicity work, the audio launch is the next most awaited announcement from the fans. While the first trailer too hasn't yet hit the screens, here's what the tracks from the film could look like.The music for the film has been composed by G V Prakash Kumar. It is expected to be out on the stands in August. And the makers have already announced that they are looking for a really large venue to accomodate the fans.Here we bring you the track details:1.Oru paadhi kadhavu neeyadi - Haricharan, Vandhana 2. Yaaradi mohini - Rahul Nambiar 3. Mayyal kuyyal - G. V. Prakash Kumar, Chinnaponnu, Velmurugan 4. Adhigaalai pooka - G. V. Prakash Kumar 5. Uyirin uyire - Saindhavi, Sathya Prakash 6. Thaandavam theme - S. P. Balasubrahmanyam", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15085673", "title": "A Rs 1,000 coin to celebrate 1,000 years of Thanjavur big temple", "text": "COIMBATORE: Numismatists have a reason to rejoice. Soon, they could have limited edition commemorative coins of Rs 1,000 denomination in their collection. So far, the highest denomination of commemorative coins issued by the Indian government was Rs150.The Rs1,000-coin is to be issued in commemoration of 1,000 years of the Brihadeeswarar temple in Thanjavur. Though Parliament passed a bill in 1975 to mint coins up to denominations of Rs 1,000, the government never issued coins worth more than Rs 150. A Rs 5-commemorative coin was released when the Thanjavur temple celebrated 1,000 years of its existence in 2010 by the then Tamil Nadu chief minister M Karunanidhi. It is only recently that the government decided to issue Rs1,000-coins.So what makes this coin special? According to C Selvaraj, a city-based numismatist and philatelist, all these years, commemorative coins were minted for the maximum denomination of Rs100 and, lately, Rs150. \"Never before has the government released Rs1,000 coins though 75 commemorative coins have been issued by the government since 1964,\" he says.Commemorative coins are released in limited number on various themes. The first of its kind was issued on the birth anniversary of Jawaharlal Nehru in 1964. So far coins of denominations, Rs 1, Rs2, Rs 5, Rs 10, Rs 20, Rs 50, Rs 75, Rs 100 and Rs 150 have been issued. These are prized by numismatists.Selvaraj says the Indian Coinage Act, 1906, had restricted minting coins of denominations above Rs100. However, a 1975 bill raised the limit to Rs 1,000, but the government didn't issue coins of higher denominations. Commemorative coins of Rs 150 were issued to celebrate the 150{+t}{+h} birth anniversary of Rabindranath Tagore and the 150{+t}{+h} year of public institutions including the Income Tax department and the office of the Comptroller and Auditor General of India.Interestingly, the government had released Rs1000 currency notes in 1954 with the image of the Brihadeeswarar temple. The government withdrew Rs 1,000 denomination notes in 1977 as part of a measure to crack down on black money. The Rs1000 denomination currency notes are now back in circulation.What makes the Rs1000 commemorative coins stand apart from the rest is not just the amount but that these coins have 80 per cent silver content. The rest is copper. The other commemorative coins are 50 per cent silver, 40 per cent copper, five per cent zinc and five per cent nickel, Selvaraj says.The Brihadeeswarar coins will be available in the proof set (with mat finish) and uncirculated coins (polished). These will cost Rs4775 and Rs4435 for a piece. Interested parties can make demand drafts for the amount and apply to the mint. For further details, log on to . The last date for booking the limited edition coin is August 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15084897", "title": "Extortionists held bomb trials in Uttar Pradesh", "text": "NAGPUR: Two men who were nabbed by the Ganeshpath police for threatening businessmen and builders asking them pay protection money made a startling revelation on Saturday. During interrogation Ravindra Devangan and his accomplice Sunil Yadav told police that they had conducted bomb trials in Uttar Pradesh earlier this year.According to police sources the extortionists revealed that they had met Shamshuddin Shah, a furniture seller-turned-arms dealer in Chitrakoot around three months ago. They then conducted trials of the bombs they had bought using the extortion money.Before being arrested Devangan and Yadav, had threatened nearly 29 businessmen and a builder in the city on the behalf of former gangster Santosh Ambekar. They had asked of their victim to cough up Rs10 lakhs as protection money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15089768", "title": "Mumtaz: Men, actress Mumtaz loved and lost!", "text": "Shammi Kapoor, Dara Singh , and now Rajesh Khanna. A week before her 65th birthday, Mumtaz revisits men, movies and marriage  She was only 26 when she left the musty studios of Mumbai to marry Mayur Madhwani, head of one of the largest conglomerates in Uganda , and moved into manors in Mombasa and London .The last few months have given actress Mumtaz a reason to revisit a world she left behind with ease. The deaths of Shammi Kapoor, Dara Singh, and now Rajesh Khanna, make the Mumtaz story fresh again. Shammi, who she loved intensely but couldn't marry. Dara Singh, who agreed to pair opposite a B-grade rookie, and gave her stunt princess status. And Rajesh Khanna, in whose superstardom, she shimmered. Right from Bindiya chamkegi to Jai Jai Shiv Shankar , their ditties rocked the airwaves and box office. Excerpts from a long-distance chat:What memories of Rajesh Khanna do you carry with you? I met him on the sets of Do Raaste . He was choosy about his friends , very reserved. I was flattered to be his close friend. I was voluptuous, so he'd always say, ' Aye moti, idhar aa... \" He was a perennial latecomer. He wasn't strong on dance or rhythm, so, when we did combination shots, main sambhaal leti thi . The dance masters would cheat with his close-ups (laughs). We had trouble doing the Chal dariya mein doob jaaye (Prem Kahani) song. But we managed somehow.When did you last meet him? Rajesh wasn't meeting anyone for a while. Thanks to Dimple (Kapadia) and Anju (Mahendroo), I got to meet him at his bungalow, Aashirwaad. We spoke about my fight against cancer and surviving chemotherapy. Dimple said they were ordering all the things he liked to eat, but he wouldn't eat anything. She joked that they ended up eating all the stuff. I gave him duas , and said he'd survive his ailment.They say Shammi Kapoor and Jeetendra were in love with you... I was lucky that men wanted to marry me. There was an attraction, yes , but I didn't act on it. I'd wake up at 4 am every day, and reach the studios on the dot at 9. I had far too many responsibilities to have affairs. There was no time for love and romance. Of course, I was fond of Jeetu. Dharmendra was an attractive man. Dev saab was so handsome. But it's not always necessary to have an affair with your co-stars. You can admire them from a distance (laughs).But Shammiji was keen to marry you. I was all of 18, and in love with Shammi Kapoor while we were filming Brahmachari. He wanted me to give up my career, but I wasn't ready. I had my family to look after. I had lost my mother during Boond Jo Ban Gaye Moti.What comes to mind when I say Rajesh Khanna and Shammi Kapoor? Jaise meri life mein doosra Rajesh Khanna nahin ho sakta...waise hi doosra Shammi Kapoor bhi nahin ho sakta.I s it true that heroes had refused to work with you because you started as a stunt film heroine? Yes. Dharamji (Dhamendra) refused. Later, of course, we did Loafer. Shashi Kapoor refused Sachaa Jhutha because he was cast opposite me. Later, when I was about to get married, he was keen that I work with him. We did Chor Machaye Shor just before I quit the industry. I'm grateful to Dara Singh, who was the hero in all my stunt films. He could have said no, like the others. I'm also eternally grateful to Dilip saab ( Dilip Kumar ), who agreed to act opposite me in Ram aur Shyam .You and Sharmila Tagore never got along. Is that true? It wasn't rivalry. She was born with a golden spoon. Her first film was opposite Shammi Kapoor ( Kashmir Ki Kali ), and she became an instant star. I started with supporting roles opposite Shammiji in films like Brahmachari. Perhaps because both, Sharmila and I, did several films with Rajesh Khanna, the press wrote rubbish. But the fact is, heroines cannot be friends, not then, not now. We didn't do dinners or hang out together. It's always been like that.But even as a supporting actress, you got some memorable songs like Aaj Kal Tere Mere, that gave you the chance to make a fashion statement. All credit for that goes to Bhanu Athaiya (costume designer). I was uncomfortable dancing in a saree. So, she made me one with readymade pleats, and a zipper on the side. That became the ' Mumtaz saree' . Funnily, Aaj Kal Tere Mere was a song composed for a Nasir Hussain film for Dev Anand. Dev saab rejected it, and we used it for Brahmachari. Kismet dekho! The style is aped even today. Recently, Manish Malhotra (costume designer) told me he had made something similar for Priyanka Chopra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15090196", "title": "Anjan Dutta's new film focuses on his childhood", "text": "After capturing the spirit of Kolkata in the early 70s in a just-finished auto-biographical movie, filmmaker Anjan Dutta has now shifted focused to the Darjeeling hills where he spent his childhood.\"It is basically my own story. I have spent my childhood in the hills and this film will revolve around my return to it as an adult,\" the director said about his new film 'Darjeeling er Rasta'.\"I will play the lead role in the journey of the character from the plains to the hills,\" the said the director of National award winning film 'Ranjana Ami Ar Asbona'.Asked why he kept returning to autobiographical elements, Dutta said, \"I have been struck with the urge to share certain facts and elements from my life. I feel this is the most opportune time when I can retrospect on these in a dispassionate way.\"The movie will also refer to the the Gorkhaland agitation in Darjeeling, but above all it will be a tale of love and human emotions, he said.The new film will have rock numbers, to reflect the culture of the hill town famed for its pubs.The casting of the film and pre-production nitty-gritties were on, but the script was ready and the film would be completed by next year, the director said.His earlier film 'Dutta Vs Dutta' reflected the pub culture of Park Street and the emergence of Goutam Chattopadhyay and his ' Mohiner Ghoraguli', the first rock band in Kolkata in 1975.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15084196", "title": "Jharkhand corporate houses sulking over contradictory Saranda orders", "text": "RANCHI: Several big ticket companies, including Tata Steel, JSW Limited, ArcelorMittal and Essar Steel, have been left high and dry due to contradictory orders of Union mines ministry and threats by Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh to withdraw the Saranda Development Plan (SDP) if private companies are allowed to mine in the forest region. Sources in these companies said they were already under tremendous pressure due to non-availability of land for their projects because of and opposition by anti-displacement organizations. Now, the threat of Ramesh to withdraw SDP has made the mater even more complex.\"Each company has spent at least Rs 100-150 crore in the last six-seven years. Now, all of a sudden, the Union minister has created a problem. We are just not able to understand what the government wants from us,\" said an executive of one of the companies. JSW Steel has completed the processor prospecting licence and even submitted application for mining lease in West Singhbhum districtAll the companies had signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with the state in 2005, but have failed to start their project. While ArcelorMittal and Tata Steel signed MoU for 12 million tonnes per annum (MTPA), Essar and JSW had proposal 10 MTPA plants. The total investment was around Rs 2 lakh crore and potential to provide direct and indirect employment to at least 1.5 lakh people.\"All the investors were already facing problem due to anti-displacement organizations. ArcelorMittal even had to change its project site from Gumla-Khunti district to Bokaro. The announcement of the Union minister has further made the situation complex at the only place where there is iron ore reserve is Saranda in West Singhbhum. If we are not allowed to mine there, then the companies will not come up,\" said a source.Complicating the issue further, the director of Union mines ministry has passed contradictory orders in separate cases of a similar nature. \"In one case, he said that the government has to decide on mining lease and no committee has the power to take a call on such issues. In another case, the director has ordered that the government cannot make a decision unless recommended by a committee,\" the source added.A senior officer in the mining department said apart from the industry, the department itself was confused. \"The most surprising thing is that the two orders were passed by the same director \u2014 first in November last year and again in March this year. We have forwarded a copy of both the orders to the law department because under these circumstances we cannot work,\" said the mining department officer.However, , state industry secretary AP Singh is optimistic. \"The country has to increase steel production to meet the requirement. Companies need not worry about temporary problems,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15086842", "title": "Bank of Baroda honours Anand Kumar", "text": "PATNA: Adding another feather in his cap, Super 30 founder and mathematician Anand Kumar, whose pioneering initiative to provide free residential coaching to 30 talented children every year from underprivileged families to crack IITJEE has been globally recognized, was recently honoured with the prestigious Baroda Sun Life Achievement Award at a function in Mumbai.Bank of Baroda chairman-cum-managing director MD Mallya presented the award to Anand for his invaluable contribution in the field of education. The award carries a cash prize of Rs 3 lakh and a citation. As he received the award, the entire hall at the NCPA auditorium reverberated with applause.Previous recipients of the award include celebrities like film actress Waheeda Rahman , cricketer Kapil Dev , vocalist Pandit Jasraj , film producer Yash Chopra , former vice-chancellor of the Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU) Prof BB Bhattacharya, Er Shreedharan, Sudha Murthy, Kiran Bedi and Girish Karnad .However, as Anand does not accept any monetary assistance for Super 30, he announced that the prize money would be distributed among the Super 30 students, so that they could use it for further studies. Anand thanked the management and award jury of Bank of Baroda for selecting him for the honour. \"When I made a small initiative for underprivileged children more than a decade ago, it was never in my mind that it would one day fetch me awards. I am happy that my initiative has helped many children successfully chase their dreams,\" he added.He, however, said the awards and recognition had added to his responsibility. \"My mission has still a long way to go. It will be accomplished the day poor children will also be able to pursue quality higher education,\" he said, adding he was not the only one who deserved the award; rather his entire team, family and, above all, the 30 meritorious students deserved it equally.Anand has received several awards in the past, including 'Real Hero Award', Maulana Abul Kalam Azad Shiksha Puraskar of the Bihar government, S Ramanujan Award by the Institute for Research and Documentation in Social Sciences (IRDS) and Prof Yashwantrao Kelkar Yuva Puraskar. Earlier this year, he was honoured by the government of British Columbia, Canada for his contribution.He has also been the focus of global media for his Super 30 initiative. The Discovery channel had broadcast an hourlong documentary on him. Miss Japan Norika Fujiwara also visited Patna to make a film on Anand's school. Besides, several international magazines like Time, Newsweek , Focus and UK-based magazine Monocle have published reports on his achievement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15086831", "title": "\u2018Project Karachi\u2019 still a threat to India, reveals 26/11 plotter Jundal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Arrested top 26/11 plotter Syed Zabiuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal has provided first-hand evidence of recent vintage that \"Project Karachi\" \u2014 an ISI-backed terror scheme to provide shelter to Indian terror fugitives \u2014 continues to present a danger to India.First revealed by the Pakistani-American Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) member David Coleman Headley, Indian agencies have been working hard to add to their knowledge about Project Karachi. With Jundal offering direct evidence, gaps are being filled and its fresh initiatives are under the scanner.Sources say that the information yielded by Jundal led Delhi Police to register another criminal case of criminal conspiracy under section 120B of Indian Penal Code about a plot to launch a fresh terror attack.There are strong inputs and information about another strike being planned in the next one year.An investigator says, \"What Jundal has said has established and confirmed many claims. Now, we are sure that Project Karachi continues to be a danger to India.\"Project Karachi was set up by ISI in collaboration with LeT, which makes use of Indian operatives trained in Pakistan to execute bomb blasts in Indian cities.Sources say that Indian agencies needed someone like Jundal, a high-ranking Indian national in LeT, to reveal details and provide inputs about its latest targets.Some prominent members of the Indian Mujahideen (IM) \u2014 a LeT-supported terror group \u2014 believed to be in Pakistan and the names of those who have cropped up in Jundal's interrogation include Riyaz and Iqbal Bhatkal, Aslam Kashmiri, Fayaz Kagzi and Aakif.The information that Jundal provided his interrogators confirms that Indian nationals are being sheltered by Pakistan and being used against India.While Jundal claims he was inducted into LeT by J&K; commander Aslam Kashmiri, Aakif and Kagzi are residents of Aurangabad.Jundal has claimed that Kagzi introduced him to Kashmiri. Kagzi is an accused in Pune's German Bakery blast in 2010.Project Karachi has two functions. To indoctrinate Indian youth into jihad and have them work for LeT, and consequently ISI train and induct them to carry out attacks in the Indian cities.\"The scheme is funded by ISI and Gulf investments,\" said a source.The interrogation has also confirmed that the Bhatkal brothers are the link between IM and LeT, which made David Coleman Headley come to India \u2014 on several occasions between 2006 and 2008 \u2014 to conduct reconnaissance of vulnerable and potential targets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15093820", "title": "Six more arrested for violence in Maruti Suzuki's Manesar plant", "text": "GURGAON: Six more workers have been arrested for their alleged involvement in arson and rioting in Maruti Suzuki's Manesar plant on Wednesday, police said today.Awanish Dev, General Manager-HR, died and 100 others were injured in the incident.Those arrested have been identified as Sohan Lal, a resident of Karnal, Yogesh Kumar, organising secretary of Maruti Suzuki Union and a resident of Jhajjar, Surender Pal of Palwal district, Naveen of Jhajjar, Pradeep of Jind and Satbir of Sirsa districts, police said.They were nabbed from different locations in the state. Sohan Lal was arrested yesterday and produced before the judicial magistrate who has sent him to 14 days' judicial custody today. The other five arrested workers would be produced in court tomorrow, they said.Ninety one, workers who were arrested on 18 July, are lodged in Bhondsi Jail after a court remanded them in judicial custody for 14 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15085326", "title": "KMC awaits Army nod for revamp of waterbodies", "text": "KOLKATA: After the majestic Hooghly riverfront, it is now the turn of some landmark water bodies in the city to get a facelift. The To begin with, Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) will soon start beautifying Laldighi near Writers' Buildings and Manohardas Tarag opposite Lindsay Street.A plan for beautification of Laldighi has already been prepared. According to it, the civic body will construct a dancing fountain in the middle of the waterbody. Besides the tank which is located on a two-acre area, the remaining three acres close by will be converted into a visitors' viewpoint. Apart from a cafeteria, wooden benches reminiscent of the with Victorian era looks and designer lights will be installed along the stretch. A cafeteria will also be set up in that space.Chief minister Mamata Banerjee has asked mayor Sovan Chatterjee to take up the work on a war footing as part of BBD Bag beautification, keeping its heritage character intact. Chatterjee, in turn, has prodded KMC project department officials to start the beautification of Laldighi from August. \"We have planned the beautification of Laldighi and are set to begin work very soon,\" said Debasish Kar, the director-general in charge of the KMC projects.Mayor Sovan Chatterjee said that beautification of Laldighi would be done in keeping with the spirit of the heritage zoneand at the same time making the area a tourist's delight. There are also plans to revamp Similarly the civic body will also beautifyManohardas Tarag which is in shambles. a major way. The entire area of the tank now lying in shambles will be spruced up and lit up properly.However, the civic authorities are awaiting an NOC from the state public works department and the Army before commencing the civil work.This isn't all. The KMC authorities have decided to beautify a number of major thoroughfares across the city. According to plans, the KMC civil engineering department will create a median along these thoroughfares and plant saplings and shrubs on both sides all along the stretches of the roads.Some of the major thoroughfares which will be taken up for median beautification include Sarat Bose Road, Rashbehari Avenue to Chetla, Bhupen Bose Avenue, large parts of Chittaranjan Avenue, College Street among other areas. However, the cost of this beautification is likely to dent the civic coffer as one-kilometre stretch of a thoroughfare will cost around Rs 1 crore, a civic official said. \"We have decided to allow display of hoardings to collect funds for maintenance of these beautified stretches,\" a KMC official said.This apart, the civic body will construct eight foot over bridges in some of the major traffic intersections. According to a preliminary planning, the civic body will take up Esplanade (east), Dorina Crossing, Chittaranjan Avenue-Ganesh Chandra Avenue intersection, Chittaranjan Avenue- B.B. Ganguli Street intersection, Chittaranjan Avenue- Mahatma Gandhi Road intersection, Bhupen Bose Road among other thoroughfares for construction of footover bridges.All these bridges will have escalators to attract pedestrians to avail of the facility take advantage of these bridges to cross the busy thoroughfares and also ease traffic snarls. \"We have planned to build eight foot over bridges, mainly in the central and northern parts of the city. This will ease the traffic snarls,\" a KMC official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "15084840", "title": "Nisarga Mitra award not given since 2010", "text": "AMRAVATI: To encourage people who have done inspiring work in the field of environment conservation, Amravati Municipal Corporation (AMC) had started Nisarga Mitra award in 2010 but it was the first and the last time when environment lovers got their due for good work from AMC.When the award was constituted, environmentalists had lauded the AMC for taking an initiative for promoting environment conservation. Sources said that it was decided to felicitate environment lovers on Environment Day. On June 25, 2010, AMC felicitated three persons with Nisarga Mitra award to mark Sant Tukaram Maharaj Harit Abhiyan. The first award comprised Rs15,000 cash, memento and a certificate. The second award comprised Rs10,000 cash, memento and certificate while the third awardee got Rs5,000 cash, memento and certificate.Madhu Gharad from NGO Vanrai and member of Tree Authority of AMC, told TOI that even after repeated appeals to declare names of eligible people for the award, officials do not care for it. \"AMC does not have a permanent post to conduct environment related work; the veterinary doctor has been given the charge of environment officer. I have requested officials to hand over work pertaining to Nisarga Mitra award to the tree authority, but in vain,\" he said.When contacted, municipal commissioner N Nawin Sona said he will look into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15094692", "title": "Sinhgad College of Pharmacy conducts workshop on research orientation", "text": "PUNE: A day long workshop on research orientation in pharmaceutical sciences was conducted at Sinhgad Technical Education Society's (STES) Sinhgad College of Pharmacy in Vadgaon Budruk last week. The initiative was aimed at promoting budding scientists who are taking there first footsteps towards research.\"\"The event was designed for students doing there masters degree courses, or are towards completion of their degree course in pharmaceutical sciences,\"\" said K N Gujar, principal of Sinhgad College of Pharmacy.Eminent speakers from academics as well as research were invited to guide the students for the selection of work area, planning and execution of work, and analysis as well as documentation of the results or overall study.V M Kulkarni emeritus professor from Poona College of Pharmacy appealed students for basic research in the field of medicinal chemistry.B R Mardikar, senior researcher and scientist expressed his views for exploring the potential of natural products and traditional wisdom in modern drug therapy.M M Ghaisas, principal, Indira College of Pharmacy guided students about how to proceed with the project and the skills for presentations of the work done. He also highlighted the common mistakes which are made by students and how the mistakes could be avoided.V B Pokharkar, professor of Poona College of Pharmacy shared her experience and knowledge of designing drug delivery systems to serve mankind. The workshop was co-ordinated by Dr Nisharani Ranpise. The valedictory speech was given by professor Preeti M Jamkar. Around 150 students from different colleges attended the workshop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15085453", "title": "CBI calls 2 Bharatpur MLAs for questioning in Gopalgarh case", "text": "JAIPUR: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has called Zahida Khan, Congress MLA from Kaman constituency and Anita Singh, BJP legislator from Nagar constituency in Bharatpur district, for interrogation in connection with Gopalgarh violence that claimed 10 lives and left over 40 injured in September last year. Sources said both have been asked to come to the agency's headquarters in Delhi on July 23 and 24 respectively.A special CBI court had on March 14 ordered an investigation into the role of Zahida Khan, Anita Singh and a few others in the violence. Counsel of the accused arrested by CBI in the case had requested the court that a probe be launched against some influential people for their role in provoking the residents. Zahida Khan and Anita Singh are both MLAs from Bharatpur.Sources said Anita Singh and Zahida Khan have been asked to be present before the investigation officer of the case ASP S S Kishore. Zahida Khan has been asked to come with her husband, the sources added. Both were served notices by the CBI recently.Ten people belonging to the Meo Muslim community were killed in the clashes and the police firing at Gopalgarh when two communities entered into a violent confrontation over a dispute on a piece of land on September 14, 2011. Gopalgarh police had registered nearly 20 FIRs implicating even public representatives in the aftermath of the incident.The CBI had in its chargesheet left investigations pending under Section 173(8) of the CrPC against unidentified persons who were involved in the incidents.As per the chargesheet, 15 people belonging to Gopalgarh, Pahari and nearby villages have been charged under Section 302 (murder), Section 307 (attempt to murder), alongside Section 353 (assault or criminal force to deter public servant from discharging of his duties) of the IPC since a mob on September 14, 2011 had attacked the police.The CBI has also charged the accused under Section 435 of the IPC (mischief by fire or explosive substance with intent to cause damage) as many people had complained of damage to their agricultural produce.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15086156", "title": "Way paved for Chandigarh's 1st multi-level parking lot", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With the adviser to the UT administrator giving permission to chop around 160 trees, the way has been cleared for the construction of the first underground multi-level parking lot of the city in Sector 17, the commercial hub of the city. The matter regarding this prestigious project of the civic body had been pending with the UT administration for the last four months and this go-ahead has come as a sigh of relief for the municipal corporation.After passing the financial estimates of the project of over Rs 45 crore at the monthly house meeting in March, the engineering wing of the MC had conducted a fresh survey of the site and had found that there were more trees at the site as compared to the past years. After that a report mentioning around 160 small and big trees was sent to the UT for their removal.Confirming the development city mayor Rajbala Malik said, \"The advisor cleared the file pertaining to the removal of trees from the site on Friday and the same has been conveyed to the civic body authority. The paper work of the project is almost complete, as tenders have been received and work on the ground would begin soon.\"\"We'll plant ten times more plants throughout the city to compensate for trees to be cut at the site and a drive in some parts of the city has already begun\", Malik added. \"We have started the paper work to allot the tender to fell the earmarked trees from the site\", said a senior engineer of the MC.The UT's architecture wing had cleared the drawings of the first multi-level parking of the city in Sector 17 around two months ago in which the help of the Punjab Engineering College was also taken. According to the design the prestigious project in Sector 17 will be able to accommodate 950 to 1,000 four wheelers at a time.The two wheelers will be parked on the surface, while rest of the three basements would be for parking of four-wheelers. The project is coming up near the Gurdev Studio in Sector 17.To maintain the heritage status of Sector 17, the multi-level parking lot will have three basement floors and a surface parking. The 37 feet deep lot will come up on an area 3 lakh square feet, with 1 lakh square feet space earmarked for each basement floor. There would be one entry and exit point for vehicles at the multilevel parking lot.Another multilevel parking lot, which was planned in 2006 in Sector 17 near the Circus Ground has not come up till today. The project went in into litigation at its initial stage after a Delhi based company took over the project and it is still under litigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15083885", "title": "CBI, Emaar managing director\u2019s see-saw battle", "text": "HYDERABAD: A legal battle for the custody of Shravan Gupta continues in the CBI court in Hyderabad even as the managing director of Emaar MGF stays in London . While CBI wants to arrest him, Gupta's lawyers are contending that the corporate baron is suffering from a life-threatening disease that makes it impossible for him to come to India now.CBI seeks Gupta's custody as it thinks that he has full knowledge of the cash receipts and payoffs in the Emaar case and further interrogation will reveal the facts.However, Gupta's counsel has argued that the CBI wants to arrest him without any reason as the chargesheet in the case as well as a supplementary chargesheet have already been filed. This implies that the investigation was already over and there is no provision in law that would require his custodial interrogation, he added.Gupta said earlier that he was ready to come to Hyderabad once he gets well for standing trial in the case. Therefore, there is no case for issuing a non-bailable warrant (NBW) against him as has been done by the CBI, the counsel said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15094230", "title": "Sahitya Akademi\u2019s national and state-level awards to be given away today", "text": "BHOPAL: The award-giving function of Sahitya Akademi, Madhya Pradesh Sanskriti Parishad will be held at Bharat Bhavan on July 23 and 24. Culture minister Laxmikant Sharma will be the chief guest and will present the awards to the awardees. Senior litterateur Jagdish Tomar will be the guest of hour.Sahitya Akademi Director Prof. Tribhuvan Shukla informed that among the national awards for the year 2010, Pt. Makhanlal Chaturvedi Award will be given away to Dr. Shiv Shankar Katare for his article \"Chambal Teri Baat Nirali, Gajanan Madhav Muktibodh Award to Shri Kunwar Kishore Tandon for short story \"Anavaran\", Raja Veer Singh Deo Award to Dr. Meenakshi Swami for her novel, Acharya Narendra Dev Award to Shri Arun Hota for critical review \"Adhunik Hindi Kavita: Yugeen Sandarbh and Pt. Bhavani Prasad Mishra Award will be bestowed on Dr. Madhurima Singh of Lucknow for collection of poetry \"Swayamsiddha Yashodhara\". Awards will be presented to prominent litterateurs of the state as well. The All-India awards carry Rs. 51 thousand each and state-level awards Rs. 31 thousand each with memento, shawl, coconut and citation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15085848", "title": "Meet lower income group housing target, directs Lucknow Development Authority", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow Development Authority has asked the integrated and hi-tech townships in the state capital to meet the target of constructing houses for the economically weaker section(EWS) and the lower income group(LIG). Speaking to reporters, LDA vice-chairman, Rajneesh Dubey said that the townships did not meet the target as per the norms.\"Now they have been asked to construct houses in the EWS and LIG category and meet the due target by next year,\" he said.LDA sources said that some of the townships had though constructed these houses but allotted them through their own market driven mechanism.Dubey said that the LDA would now be placing strict norms and procedures to ensure that needy get the houses in these townships.Dubey said that the LDA would also be speeding up increase its land bank and resolve all the contentious issues pertaining to land acquisition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15085578", "title": "New syllabus for cops at training institute", "text": "NASHIK: Bearing in mind changing times, the Maharashtra Police Academy (MPA) too will see a change in its syllabus for cadets, said Minister of State for Home, Satej Patil addressing an audience on the occasion of the 107th passing out parade at the MPA, on Saturday.Speaking to the gathering including the 81 inter-departmental cadets audience at the passing out parade and the 81 inter-departmental cadets, who had completed the nine-monthsub-inspector's course, Patil said, \"With the passage of time, circumstances in the society have changed in the state, the nation and world.The police force has to deal with new challenges relating to terrorism and economic offcences such as counterfeit currency. A change in the training syllabus for future MPA cadets is therefore on the cards.\"Citing challenges faced by the police including human rights regulations, Patil urged the cadets to find the middle-path when performing their duties as protectors.Stating that the onus of maintaining law and order and safeguarding society from evil was on the force, Patil further said, \"The police is constantly under the scanner. Your good work may go unrecognized, but a small mistake on your part can lead and have serious repercussions. \"During his address, the minister also allayed fears over the threat of a possible terrorist attack on the Maharashtra Police Academy saying that the institute was well-prepared to tackle such a situation, should it arise. any kind of attack.Following the speech, prizes were given to cadets in different categories. Tukaram Dighe was presented the Sword of Honour for Best Trainee. Dighe also won prizes for Best Cadet in Studies (Silver Baton), Best Cadet in Modern Technology (Dealing with Crowd and Unlawful Assembly) and the Late Yashwantrao Chavan Gold Cup Best All-round Cadet in the batch.Sachin Nikam won the Late N M Kamthe Gold Cup for Best Cadet in Rifle and Revolver Shooting and the prize of Best Cadet in PT.The other winners were Anil Wagh, who won the Dr B R Ambedkar Cup for Best Cadet in Law, Jeevan Mohite for Best Cadet in Cultural Activity, Sanjay Kshirsagar for Best Cadet in Drill and Best Cadet in Turn Out, Ritesh Raut for Best Cadet in Behavioural Scienceand Second Best Trainee of the Batch, Vivek Deshmukh for Best Cadet in Sports. Sameer Mujawar won the Late S G Ithape Award for the Best Behaved Cadet.Also present on the occasion were VD Mishra, additional director general (Human Rights Protection), special IG (Nashik Range) Dhananjay Kamlakar, city police commissioner Kulwant Kumar Sarangal and and DCP Sandeep Diwan. BOXNo CCTVs at police stationsMinister of State for Home Satej Patil said that the move of installing CCTVs cameras at police station has been rejected. Speaking at the passingout parade of the Maharashtra Police Academy, Nashik, on Saturday, he said that there were demands to install CCTVs at police station to monitor the functioning of police personnel, but the state government had decided against it. He told police personnel and cadets of the academy that installing CCTVs would amount to expressing distrust on the police personnel, when on the contrary, the government wanted to repose its faith on its police force so that it could function properly. He added that the government wanted to show that it trusted its police personnel and had, therefore, rejected the CCTV move.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15084923", "title": "FDA confirms, no gutkha in shops, godowns", "text": "NAGPUR: With enough prior warning, wholesalers and distributors of gutkha and pan masala had removed both products from the market by Friday. Hence, the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) officials who conducted searches within and outside city limits on Friday, when the ban on gutkha and pan masala came into effect, returned empty-handed. Similar raids in other district towns too did not yield any positive results.Two teams of officials, one in city and other in Wadi area, went to ten godowns of wholesalers/distributors but could not find any stock. \"The distributors had more than a week to either sell their stock or remove it to places outside the state. Our teams went to major stockists in Itwari and Wadi area, but returned empty-handed. We are seeking help from all government departments, including the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC), police and the district collectorate in locating any such stock. They have been asked to alert us in case their officials locate it anywhere,\" said SB Naragude, assistant commissioner FDA (food).At other district towns of Bhandara, Chandrapur, Wardha and Gadchiroli too FDA teams raided four, three, three and two places respectively, but could not find any stock.SG joint commissioner FDA (food) says that the notification or order banning gutkha and pan masala has been restricted to only food items containing magnesium carbonate, a known carcinogenic substance, and there is no mention of 'kharra', a combination of tobacco, lime and supari or beetle-nut. \"Hence, as of now, it is not clear whether FDA can take action against kharra sellers or not,\" he said.Dr Vinay Hazarey, dean of Government Dental College and Hospital (GDCH) continues to insist that according to the new act all food items containing tobacco should be banned. He is proud that the notification has special mention of dental colleges at Nagpur and Mumbai along with Dr Hamner and Tata Institute of Fundamental Research, Tata Memorial Hospital and the survey conducted by Global Tobacco Survey of India, which produced data to show that tobacco caused cancer and led to the ban.The studies show long-term consumption of pan masala and gutkha leads to acute hyper magnesia as the product contains magnesium carbonate, which in turn causes cancer. Combination of gutkha and pan masala causes carcinogenic effects.Meanwhile, retailers are unhappy with the huge losses they are suffering everyday. But they are hopeful that soon, like always, consumers will find an alternative. \"Many people thronged my kiosk throughout the day and I realized the loss I was making. But soon, as it happens in every ban, an alternative would be there. A separate pouch of tobacco and beetle-nuts could be mixed to compensate for the ready-made product,\" said Sachin Neware, a pan-kiosk owner.Kharra falls in grey areaSince the notification banning pan masala and gutkha has no mention of kharra, the FDA is finding it hard to take any action against kharra sellers. But they expect the government to soon clarify on the issue.Anti-tobacco campaigner Dr Prakash Gupta, director and research scientist at Healis Sekhsa Institute of Public Health at Mumbai, says that though the Food Standard and Safety Act (FSSA) clearly mentions that all food items containing tobacco and nicotine come under the ban, only packed products like pan masala and gutkha can legally be covered under the ban. \"It is a difficult legal point, which surely needs clarification from the government. But, personally, I feel that the FDA inspectors have the power to confiscate any food items containing tobacco,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15085656", "title": "Ketamine worth Rs 4cr seized", "text": "CHENNAI: In one of the biggest hauls in recent times, customs officials seized 50kg of ketamine, said to be worth 4 crore in the international market, at the Chennai airport on Friday night. The narcotic had been concealed in 3-4 packets in 60 boxes of pomegranate in a 40-carton parcel to be flown to Kuala Lumpur on an Air India flight. On Saturday, Directorate of Revenue Intelligence sleuths in Delhi seized 350kg of ketamine being exported to Malaysia .Chennai customs officials are now questioning agents Arivalgan, 35, and Muruganathan, 30, of Parry's who had booked the consignment. The two told authorities they didn't know it boxes contained ketamine and that the sender told them it had fruits. \"We are not convinced and are now tracking down the sender,\" an official said.Curbing the smuggling of ketamine hydrochloride or ketamine, a popular party drug in south-east Asian countries, is a big problem for officials. It doesn't come under the purview of the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act, 1985 and offenders can only be booked under the Customs Act for non-declaration. and go scot free after paying a nominal fine.Officials said Chennai had become a hub for smuggling ketamine to East and Far East Asian countries. Earlier, authorities in Tuticorn and Chennai had seized ketamine consignments worth 50 lakh and 1 crore. Attempts to smuggle it out through the Chennai airport and port in ingenious ways \u2014 in tandoor ovens, papier mache idols and other articles \u2014 continue unabated.The reason is not far to seek. A kilo of ketamine, sourced for 30,000-40,000 in the domestic black market, can fetch as much as Rs 10 lakh in the international market. In 2009, Abdul Aleem of Chennai, a key man in the racket, was caught while leaving for Kuala Lumpur. He jumped bail and is at large now, officials said.Ketamine, which can cause hallucinations, is a prescribed veterinary anesthetic that is misused by drug addicts and peddlers. Regular use can be fatal as it numbs the body. It also lowers the heart rate, leading to a reduced supply of oxygen to the muscles and brain resulting in a cardiac arrest or brain failure. The drug can be lethal when mixed with alcohol and other drugs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15085670", "title": "Changed syllabus, books yet to reach students: Uttar Pradesh teachers body", "text": "LUCKNOW: The change in UP Board intermediate syllabus is definitely welcomed. But principal and teachers of UP Board schools claim that they are not really aware of the changes.President, Uttar Pradesh MadhyamiK Shikshak Sangh, RP Mishra said, \"We have heard that the syllabus for class XI-XII have been changed, but we still do not have a copy of it. In the absence of the new syllabus, how are the teachers expected to teach students.\"A biology teacher at Christian Inter College, Mohit Tiwari said, \"Students will largely be affected with it. With the new books still to come, we don't know what to teach and what not to. And there is less hope that books will come in time.\"Shockingly, many school principals and teachers are not even aware of the change. \"There is no official information given to us about any kind of change in the syllabus,\" complained a school principal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15083924", "title": "Anti corruption bureau gets 4-day custody of judge Narasimha Rao", "text": "HYDERABAD: Arrested judge K Lakshminarasimha Rao and his real estate friend Raavi Surya Prakash Babu, who tried to broker a deal for granting bail to mining baron Gali Janardhan Reddy in the cash-for-bail scam, were given a four-day custody to ACB by principal special judge S Jagannatham of the ACB court here on Saturday.The ACB sleuths can question them between 10am to 5pm, starting July 22. Though the ACB arrested another district judge D Prabhakar Rao along with Lakshmi Narasimha, however, it did not seek his custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "aurora (colorado)", "code": "15086741", "title": "Explosives in Colorado killer\u2019s flat deactivated", "text": "AURORA (COLORADO): A controlled explosion conducted by a police bomb squad defeated trip wires in the boobytrapped apartment of the man suspected in Friday's mass shooting at a Denver-area movie theatre, local police said on Saturday. Authorities believe they may now enter James Holmes's apartment, Aurora police sergeant Cassidee Carlson said.\"We have been successful in disabling a second triggering device,\" Carlson said. \"Although not certain, we are hopeful we have eliminated the remaining major threats. We will not know this until we enter the apartment. There still remains all kinds of hazards inside the apartment,\" she said. \"We will remain here for hours to collect evidence and mitigate those hazards.\"Earlier bomb experts triggered at least one small controlled explosion at apartment of the alleged Batman gunman, after de-activating a tripwire, witnesses said.A small boom could be heard by reporters outside the apartment block, where police have been trying to defuse multiple devices since the shooting which killed 12 people early on Friday.Others heard two or three. A short time later small parts of a blind could be seen floating in an open window on the third-floor apartment, through which police have been trying to determine exactly what is inside.Initial spasms of shock and anger turned to raw, open sadness here as police completed the grim task of informing families whose relatives were among at least a dozen people who died in the shooting on Friday during a midnight screening of 'The Dark Knight Rises' . Over 50 people were injured, some critically, during the shooting . There were still 11 people hospitalized in critical condition , the authorities said.Bomb experts had earlier on Saturday de-activated a tripwire designed to detonate explosions at Holmes's apartment , a spokeswoman said on Saturday. But a multitude of incendiary and other devices remained inside.\"We have been successful in defeating the first threat, which includes defeating the tripwire and the first incendiary device,\" said Carlson. This tripwire was set up to clearly detonate when somebody entered that apartment. It was set-up to kill that person . That could have been a police officer executing a search warrant , or anything.Holmes is being held at the Arapahoe County Jail and is scheduled to be arraigned on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram/new delhi", "code": "15085786", "title": "CPM to decide on V S Achuthanandan\u2019s future today", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM/NEW DELHI: The CPM politburo will decide on V S Achuthanandan's political future on Sunday.The central committee, after a day-long debate on the Kerala crisis on Saturday, will now wait for a conclusive advice from the PB, before it makes public the final decision by Sunday evening.The CC couldn't reach a decision on action against VS with its non-Kerala members preferring a compromise between him and Pinarayi Vijayan than ousting the former.The meeting was a replay of previous meeting with the official faction demanding ouster of VS while the veteran spoke at length about the urgent need to change the party secretary and the leadership.VS alleged that state leadership had committed serious rightist deviations and his attempt was to point out these mistakes. Party leaders, close to state leadership, were involved in the conspiracy behind TP murder, he said.Pinarayi, who was allowed to give his side of the story, said that VS always pushed the party to deeper crisis whenever there was an attack against the party. He didn't want another chance to be given to him as \"VS has been given many opportunities to correct himself.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15086528", "title": "Gene tests at your doorstep", "text": "Want to find out how susceptible you are to, say, heart disease? The answer is now only a computer click away. On your erequest , diagnostic test companies will pick up samples of your saliva from your home and calculate your risk factor using state-of-the-art genetic tests. There is a waiting period of two weeks to a month, but Indians are signing up for gene tests in small but steadily growing numbers. Delhi-based NutraGene claims to have sold over 200 such kits in its one-year-plus existence. \"We will soon offer a similar test for diabetes ,'' says owner Anubhav Anusha.Pune-based Acton Biotech's Sandeep Saxena says his firm has performed complete genome analysis of over 80 Indians so far. If the numbers are not huge yet, check out the cost: Rs 20,000 for each scan. There's also a niggling concern that the framework for these tests is based on Caucasian and not the Indian gene pool. Some companies, however, underline they have adequate Indian genetic data to assess a disease's risk factor. Private lab Super Religare Laboratories has just begun offering the Universal Genetic Test to detect 100 congenital genetic disorders in one blood test. This 100-in-1 test comes with a mind-boggling tag: Rs 45,000. \"We use molecular-array technology which is expensive,'' says SRL's president (research) B R Das. Explaining the health economics behind the pricing , he says, \"Each of these tests if done separately would cost Rs 7,000 each. The cost of multiple tests would work out to lakhs.''Indeed, the best in genetic, molecular and immunological tests are now available here. Dr Nilesh Shah of Mumbai's Metropolis Laboratory says the diagnostic industry has never had it better. \"Growth has been phenomenal. The industry has been growing at 22-23 % every year,'' he says. His labs will soon begin to offer the latest tests in ovarian cancer\u2014namely , OvPlex and HE4. \"They won't have wide use but will offer the best assessment for patients with ovarian cancer,'' says Shah.Industry leaders say newer tests will enable doctors to follow evidence-based medicine while dealing with critically ill patients. It is here that the made-in-India test, SES (Syndrome Evaluation System), by Bangalore-based XCyton Diagnostics comes in. Priced at Rs 10,000-plus , this single test will evaluate whether the ICU patient is laid low by a bacterial, fungal or viral infection (sepsis) within seven hours. At present, zeroing down on the reason for sepsis takes over 72 hours (one estimate says Indian ICUs tackle nearly 3 million cases of septicaemia annually). Says the company's managing director B V Ravi Kumar , \"There is a dire need for a diagnostic tool that can simultaneously identify the root cause of any infection, address whether the organism is bacterial, viral or fungal, and provide a genomic break-up of drug resistance.'' The SES test has been validated by top medical schools and been used over 6,000 times the last few months.There are sceptics. Says a senior doctor, \"On the surface, gene tests sound like a good idea. But it is impossible to find out all genetic disorders and people may start asking for these on their own. This will be a risky proposition.''At present, patients and their relatives have to take a long-winding path. For parents whose child is suspected of having, say, some metabolic syndromes in which the body is unable to metabolise certain proteins, the option would be to send samples to some city-based or foreign site. \"We have tests for common genetic disorders available locally, but some are sent abroad,'' says hepatologist Aabha Nagral. \"But genetic scans are best done in families where a member is known to suffer from a specific disorder and one needs to test other family members,'' she adds.The big dampener at present is the cost. A scientist who doesn't want to be identified says, \"These are expensive tests. It is difficult to reduce costs.'' But this could change with volumes that would bring down the costs, says another.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15094977", "title": "Mysore City Corporation clueless about controversial building, reveals RTI reply", "text": "MYSORE: The Mysore City Corporation doesn't have details of a controversial under-construction building which is coming up next to Kukkarahalli Lake. That is the reply it has provided to an applicant who sought details under the Right to Information.When B Srinivas of Vinayak Nagar applied for the details seeking the detail of the under-construction building, the civic body asked the applicant to ask the university. This, when the urban body is the authority to issue license for construction of buildings.Following controversy surrounding the construction of a building next to housing blocks attached to the University of Mysore along a patch of land on Bogadhi Road, the applicant approached the MCC seeking information under the RTI on July 5. In its reply dated July 9, the MCC assistant commissioner (zone 3) has replied that the issue doesn't come under its purview. \"It comes under the university limits and you can contact them,\" the reply said. Releasing the copies of the RTI reply, former chairman of Mysore Urban Development Authority (MUDA) C Basavegowda on Sunday said: \"This is irresponsible. The MCC is the body tasked with implementing building bye-laws.\" This is second time that the MCC has come under the scanner for its RTI reply. Some time back, the officials had provided incorrect information under the RTI.According to Basavegowda, the building is being constructed violating the Comprehensive Development Plan (CDP) devised by MUDA. It was marked as open space in the CDP, which is now being violated. Though I've intimated this to corporation commissioner M R Ravi some 10 days back, it has not stopped. Today when I spoke to an engineer attached to the University of Mysore, he said the varsity is not building the structure and the land is handed over to the government. When asked, Basavegowda said he is not aware as to who is building the structure. \"Even if it is built by the government or private persons, it violates the CDP,\" he stated setting July 25 deadline for the MCC to step in. In case the civic body fails, we'll hold a dharna at the site on July 26, he stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "15085240", "title": "Three contract killers arrested", "text": "Wardha: Three contract killers were arrested by the local crime branch officials on Friday. According to police sources, on Friday morning at around 4am, the crime branch officials who were patrolling the area near Dhuniwale Math square nabbed three youths on suspicion. The cops smelt something fishy when two of them tried to run away on seeing the police van. The cops took quick action and caught the fleeing youths. Those arrested are Nilesh Sayam (26), Vinod Madavi (30) and Nitin Kokarde (24) all from Nagpur. Arms like knife and some other weapons were recovered from them.During interrogation they revealed that they had arrived in Wardha to kill a property dealer Prashant Kapse. They were given the contract by another property dealer Sanjay Dhapolkar. Further investigations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "hockenheim (germany)", "code": "15094980", "title": "Force India's Hulkenberg finishes disappointing 9th at German GP", "text": "HOCKENHEIM (Germany): Nico Hulkenberg frittered away a strong grid position to finish ninth at his home race while Paul di Resta finished 11th as Sahara Force India returned with just two points from the German Grand Prix on Sunday.Formula One Statistics 2012Most of the times the two Force India drivers struggled due to tyre degradation and pace of the car as faster cars overtook them at will, throughout the 67-lap race.Hulkenberg dropped five places and Di Resta two after starting fourth and ninth respectively.The result, though helped Force India narrow the gap with Williams to just one point. Force India now have 46 points, one less than Willams, but stay in eighth position in the constructors' championship table.India's Narain Karthikeyan finished 23rd for Hispania. Ferrari's Fernando Alonso won his third race of the season from pole position. Defending Champion Sebestian Vettel of Red Bull pipped MacLaren's Jenson Button in the penultimate lap with a controversial overtake to grab the second position from the Briton.Hulkenberg started fourth, one slot ahead of original qualification since Red Bull's Mark Webber was handed a five-place grid penalty for gear box change.Both the Force India drivers, in top-10, were put under a lot of pressure by the faster cars behind them. Di Resta faced stiff competition, first from Lotus' Kimi Raikonnen and then from Sauber's Sergio Perez .In lap five, Din Resta was first overtaken by the Finn on turn 14 and then in lap nine, Perez pushed the Scott to the 10th position. In the previous lap, Jenson Button had used DRS option to leave behind Hulkenberg.In lap 15 both Michael Schumacher , who was coming out of pitlane, and Raikonnen got past Hulkenberg on the hair pin.The Force India driver though worked his way to sixth position by lap 26 and Di Resta was just outside the top-10.At half-way stage, Hulkenberg was struggling to get back to top-10, but Di Resta kept team's points hope alive by managing to stay in the ninth spot.Hulkenberg slowly and steadily worked his way up and was seventh by lap 42 with two pit stops, while Di Resta kept moving in and out of top-10.Hulkenberg was visibly disappointed with his performance on Sunday as he hoped for a much better result from the race.\"It's good to come away with some points but I was certainly hoping for a bit more from my home race,\" he said after finishing ninth in the German GP .\"We always knew it was going to be tough to hang on to the fourth place because we did not look especially strong in the dry conditions on Saturday morning. But when you're in that position you hope for the best,\" Hulkenberg added.His team-mate Paul Di Resta, who finished 11th after starting ninth on the grid, said both the Force India cars struggled due to tyre degradation and for pace.\"A tough race today and ultimately we didn't have the pace to match teams like Lotus and Sauber. The story of the race was deciding whether to stop two or three times and with hindsight we probably could have been more aggressive,\" he said.\"But it was hard to understand the tyres and we seemed to struggle for pace in the middle of each stint.\"Team principal Vijay Mallya too was disappointed with the eventual result but said it was important for the Silverstone-based side to finish among points today which they did.\"Two important points scored today, but we were hoping for more considering our strong starting positions. With today's result we have moved within a point of Williams in the championship and hopefully we can continue our points run in Hungary next weekend,\" Mallya said.\"Both the drivers battled hard, but it was difficult to defend on such an open track where it is easy to overtake,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15085649", "title": "4 youth who robbed a jeweller's house inCoimbatore, surrender in Bangalore court", "text": "COIMBATORE: Four youths, who hail from Coimbatore, have surrendered before the Bangalore court on Friday in connection with robbery of 570 grams of gold jewels at Selvapuram in the city on July 3. A special team has been sent to Bangalore to conduct a detail inquiry with them. The city police plans to get them back to Coimbatore.According to a source, Naveen (20) of Kempatti Colony in the city and his three friends surrendered before the Bangalore court and have been lodged in Bangalore central prison. The Bangalore police alerted Coimbatore city police, who immediately approached the court here to bring them to Coimbatore for a detailed inquiry.\"We have got permission from the court to bring them to Coimbatore. A special team has been sent to Bangalore,\" said Inspector Mariamuthu, Selvapuram police station.The four youths were involved in a robbery that took place on July 3 in the house of gold jewellery manufacturer S Venkatesh and his brother S Saravanan at Ashok Nagar in Selvapuram in the city. They decamped with 570 grams of gold jewels.Police suspect Naveen was working under the jewellery manufacturers and knew about the gold business.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "15090510", "title": "BJP minority cell member found murdered", "text": "THANE: An elderly woman, who was a local BJP functionary, was found murdered in her house in Mira Road here in Thane district, police said today.The decomposed body of Quomar Jahan Shaikh (60), a member of Minority Cell of BJP's Mira-Bhayander unit, was found in her flat yesterday, Assistant Police Inspector V S Shende of the Mira Road Police Station said.Veins of her both wrists had been cut with sharp weapons and Shaikh was also found to have been smothered with a pillow. She might have been killed a couple of days ago, police said.The woman had moved to the new flat just a week ago and was staying alone, they said, adding motive behind the murder was not yet clear.Police were alerted by the victim's daughter Nadia, whose repeated phone calls to her mother went unanswered.Police have registered a case of murder against unknown persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15084157", "title": "25 sites fail groundwater test", "text": "NEW DELHI: The chemical analysis of 124 groundwater samples, picked up by the Central Ground Water Board from all over the capital in May 2010, has revealed that 56% of the samples were not fit for drinking. Taking parameters like alkalinity, total dissolved solids, hardness, fluoride, iron etc into consideration, the board has identified 25 locations, including Batla House, ISBT Kashmere Gate, Mayur Vihar Phase I and Sarai Kale Khan, where groundwater did not meet standards for drinking.Some of the samples were picked up from tubewells where water is taken directly for drinking. However, in cases where water is sent for further treatment like at ranney wells or MCD-owned tubewells, the treatment process does not take care of the pollutants mentioned by the water board.A Delhi government official said, \"Based on the report, the groundwater quality in Delhi seems to have high concentrations of electrical conductivity, chlorides, nitrates and fluorides. Drinking water quality is compromised in several areas. Only 46% of samples were of moderate quality and fit for drinking.\"Not all groundwater is fit for irrigation either. Only 76% samples were found suitable for irrigation and also only for salt-tolerant crops like wheat, mustard, rice, barley and maize. The study found that excessive use of fertilizers and chemicals led to high levels of Alpha BHC pesticides at 27 locations in the Yamuna flood plain, including areas like Mayur Vihar, Nizamuddin bridge, Sarai Kale Khan, Majnu ka Tilla and Kalindi Kunj.Other than the chemical analysis, 134 samples were taken for heavy metals while another 140 were tested for arsenic. Bureau of Indian Standards has set a limit of 0.01 mg/l for arsenic but 17% samples crossed it. East and North fared the worst, with 47% samples from these areas failing the test. High levels of arsenic were also recorded in northwest and northeast Delhi.High concentrations of trace elements like nitrate, cadmium and chromium were detected along the Yamuna, the Najafgarh drain, pockets near industrial belts and both active and defunct landfill sites. Nitrate is an indicator of irrigation and industrial contamination. Cadmium was found most at Shikarpur in southwest Delhi due to sewage sludge while highest levels of chromium, which can cause lung cancer , ulcers and dermatitis, were detected at the landfill sites at Bhalsawa. Cadmium was detected largely in east, northeast, west and southwest Delhi.Areas along the Najafgarh drain are specially contaminated, with the drain responsible for 60% of the entire waste water entering the Yamuna and contributing 45% to the total biochemical oxygen demand load in the river.At least 16.1% samples failed the test for chloride and 47.6% failed the test for nitrates, levels of which were the highest in central, south, northeast, west and New Delhi areas. High levels of fluoride were detected in 14.5% samples in mostly northwest and southwest areas. Total coliform and fecal coliform levels, which should ideally be nil, have been detected in all samples, touching a high of 570,000 and 420 most probably number per 100ml, respectively.Presence of metallic elements like copper, zinc and manganese were within permissible levels at most locations, a breach being detected only in about 8-10% of the samples and due to local factors.The report says major changes have been observed in Delhi's groundwater quality due to \"indiscriminate disposal of industrial effluents and sewage water and excessive use of chemical fertilizers\". Among other probable causes for the deterioration in quality, it lists over population of Delhi, over-exploitation of groundwater, lack of rainwater harvesting and natural hydro-geological conditions.\"The problem is that only central and northeast Delhi areas are being fully covered with potable water. Coverage is less than 50% in other areas, with only 20-odd% of west Delhi being covered. A large part of the city is dependent on groundwater,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15085810", "title": "Audition camp for \u2018Balyakalasakhi\u2019 to conclude today", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The audition camp to find a suitable cast for giving life to characters in Balyakalasakhi, the film adaptation of Vaikkom Muhammad Basheer's novel with the same name, will conclude in the city on Sunday. The audition process began on Friday with poet ONV Kurup inaugurating the event.\"The adaptation of Basheer's novel Balyakalasakhi for the second time is the answer to those linguist experts and scholars who have condescension for Malayalam,\" said ONV.The movie will feature actor Mammooty in the lead role. Director of the film, Pramod Payyanur, in a bid to promote newcomers in the industry, had decided to conduct auditions across the state to find a suitable cast. \"It was however, my friend Renjith's idea that the audition should be spearheaded through the universities across the state,\" said Pramod. The audition takes place in three different phases--for the age group between 18 and 30, the age group above 30 and for children between the age of 5 and 13, he said. The selection camp will also be held at MG and Calicut universities. A 11-day training camp will also be held in September after the selection process, said Pramod.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15086393", "title": "Teej celebrations: Swinging to folk tunes", "text": "A mini Rajasthan unfolded in its true splendour as members of Geetanjali Ladies Club celebrated Teej at Hambran Road on Saturday. The ladies were dressed in mirror-work and embroidered lehenga-cholis, and the colours were as vivid as they could be. Arms full of bright 'lakh' bangles and the traditional 'borlas' on their head, the city's pretty ladies made the afternoon festive and joyful.Titled 'Ghangaur-2012', the function had lots of traditional and contemporary flavour. Setting the celebrations apart was the Rajasthani theme that made the venue look authentic and distinctive. A gift sponsor for the event was Joy Home.\"Rajasthan is a vibrant state known for its colourful costumes and delicious food. Moreover, Teej is one of their main festivals and they really big while celebrating it. They call this festival 'Ghangaur' and we have tried to bring Rajasthani flavours here in Punjab,\" said Neeru Singla, the president of Geetanjali Ladies Club.\"It seems we were quite successful in implementing the unique theme... the club members looked excited and enjoyed every bit. They supported the idea and have come wonderfully dressed in Rajasthani attire. Most of them are true Punjabis but today they are looking like perfect Rajasthani beauties,\" she added.Right at the onset of the celebrations, the idols of Shiva and Parvati were installed on the stage. These idols would now be taken for 'visarjan' into a river near Agar Nagar on early Sunday morning.\"This festival marks the union of Shiva with Parvati and so we sought their blessings. We want all couples to enjoy a similar bond like the Gods,\" said Nikita, a club member who had come dressed in a typical Rajasthani costume. Sakshi, another club member, said, \"We all are excited and though I am a hardcore Punjabi at heart, I wore a Rajasthani sari that was specially ordered from Jaipur. These celebrations remind me of the sand dunes of Rajasthan.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15090003", "title": "President's wagon: From Ambassador to Mercdes", "text": "KOLKATA: It's not just a change of address for incumbent President Pranab Mukherjee . For the first time in his five decade political career, Pranab will relinquish the Ambassador car manufactured in Uttarpara, West Bengal, and step into the Mercedes Benz S600 (W221) Pullman Guard crafted in Stuttgart, Germany.The custom-built Presidential stretch limousine is an epitome of luxury with interiors that are plush, yet subtle. Once Mukherjee enters the car and the hydraulic doors shut with a soft thud, he will be cocooned from the din outside. The President's portion of the limousine is separated from the driver's cabin by a sound-proof glass partition. Inside, Mukherjee can tune into any genre of music or movie through an integrated entertainment system but he is most likely to stay abreast of current news on television while on the move.While what's visible to the eye will wow all the President's men, it is what is hidden\u2014the car's incredible safety features\u2014that actually makes the car a Presidential limousine. The heavily armored vehicle is ballistic resistant. Not only can it prevent penetration of gunshots from military rifles, it is also designed to withstand grenade attacks and fragments from explosives.The Harmon-Kardon Logic 7 stereo sound system has 14 speakers, in-dash CD changer and hard drive based GPS satellite navigation system. Inside, there is fiber-optic ambient lighting for footwells and other areas. The leather cushioned seats have heating and active ventilation system. While the seats will be warmed in winter, there are small fans to keep the seats cool in summer and prevent perspiration in long journeys. The limousine is also equipped with Tele Aid that uses GPS tracking and cell phone service to provide assistance. An automatic call is made for help if any of the eight dual-stage air bags or seat belt tensioners gets deployed. \"The Pullman is absolutely plush and state of the art. There is great attention to detail on everything that goes into the vehicle,\" a Mercedes Benz source said.The spacious passenger cabin has two rows of seats facing each other that will allow the President to hold face-to-face meetings. There is a refrigerator integrated in between the rear seats so that everyone can sip into something cool while discussing a burning issue.\"The protection systems in the vehicle is in line with weapon technologies. The car is tested for protection against AK 47, M 67 US hand grenade, 3 X DM hand grenade and parcel bombs,\" the source said, adding that the windshields and windows have 60 mm polycarbonate coating glass and acts as a splinter shield. The 90-litre fuel tank is self sealing and there is an automatic fire extinguisher system on board, just in case. Also, there is an emergency fresh air system that filters the air and pumps it back into the cabin.The Michellin Pax 'bullet-proof' tyres can continue to drive for 30 km at 80km/hr with total loss of air pressure. The car also has a panic alarm system that can be triggered from any seat. Once activated, all doors are automatically locked. The President or his staff can, without opening the windows or doors, speak to people around the car by an integrated communication system with interior and exterior microphones. The car also has a rear surveillance camera that provides the entire field of view, alerting the limousine driver in case of an ambush from behind.The vehicle's armory and the bevy of equipment factory-fitted equipment make it very heavy. Hence, it is powered by a brute of a V12 bi-turbo engine. If the chauffeur floors the accelerator after turning on the ignition, it can hit 0-100 km/h in 6.7 seconds flat.All this doesn't come cheap. The current cost of black limo that serves as the official transport of the nation's first citizen is a whopping Rs 12 crore, a far cry from the bullet-proof white Amby that costs less that Rs 10 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15084427", "title": "Allahabad University begins four-year degree programme in science", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad University will be awarding a four-year Bachelor of Science (BS) degree from this year. The meritorious students putting in an extra year of this course will also be able to earn a Master of Science (MS) degree as well, besides getting an opportunity to enroll for the DPhil programme without appearing in the entrance test.These degrees will be awarded by the AU under the new Globalisation and Development Studies Dual degree programme that the university is launching from this session.Till now, the university used to award BSc and MSc degrees to students after a three-year undergraduate and two-year post graduate programmes in science subjects or mathematics. While these degrees will continue, for the Globalisation and Development Studies Dual degree programme, BS and MS degrees are being introduced.The new course, bachelor-cum-DPhil in Globalisation and Development Studies (Dual Degree Programme), is a first-of-its-kind programme being introduced by AU. Though earlier the course had a different format, now it has been redesigned to some extent. As per the new format, students during the first three years receive theoretical and practical knowledge of various topics of the course while in the fourth year they would be asked to choose a stream and prepare a project on it in six weeks on which they will work for a year.On course completion, students scoring more than 40% but less than 60% marks will be awarded BS degree. Head of the Centre of Globalisation and Development Studies Prof BP Singh said students scoring above 60% marks in BS will undertake a six-month course work and those completing it successfully would be enrolled in the DPhil programme. \"Students who fail to complete the course work will, on the other hand, complete another project of six months and become eligible for MS degree,\" he added.However, some confusion prevails among students about the course. Many of them think that students will have to complete four-year graduate course, followed by three-year DPhil research and then only they would get a degree for seven years. Prof BP Singh said there is no such condition of seven years in the programme. \"Some students believe this is an Arts course, but the fact is it's an inter-disciplinary programme which inculcates both the Arts and Science streams,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram/new delhi", "code": "15086136", "title": "CPM to decide on VS's future today", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM/NEW DELHI: The CPM politburo will decide on V S Achuthanandan's political future on Sunday.The central committee, after a day-long debate on the Kerala crisis on Saturday, will now wait for a conclusive advice from the PB, before it makes public the final decision by Sunday evening.The CC couldn't reach a decision on action against VS with its non-Kerala members preferring a compromise between him and Pinarayi Vijayan than ousting the former.Majority of members from Kerala wanted strong action against VS for \"breaking party discipline\".The meeting was a replay of previous meeting with the official faction demanding ouster of VS while the veteran spoke at length about the urgent need to change the party secretary and the leadership.VS alleged that state leadership had committed serious rightist deviations and his attempt was to point out these mistakes. Party leaders, close to state leadership, were involved in the conspiracy behind TP murder, he said.Pinarayi, who was allowed to give his side of the story, said that VS always pushed the party to deeper crisis whenever there was an attack against the party. He didn't want another chance to be given to him as \"VS has been given many opportunities to correct himself.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15093464", "title": "Kristen Stewart shows boobs in upcoming flick", "text": "Kristen Stewart has gone topless for a saucy scene in her new movie.Stewart, who admits feeling comfortable in stripping off for the camera, is seen naked in the back of a car in Beat Generation movie 'On The Road' while co-stars Garrett Headland and Sam Riley sit in the front.The film's nudity and sex scenes, which include threesomes with the two men, were doing the rounds at the Cannes Film Festival in May.The 22-year-old brunette plays the wild 16-year-old wife of Garrett's character Dean in the Jack Kerouac adaptation. The trio embark on a road trip across the States, experimenting with drugs and sex as they go, the Sun reported.Speaking more of her bold role, the Twilight star said that she wasn't scared from any of it.\"I wasn't scared, honestly. It's kind of insane to watch now. I'm like, 'Who is that?' But I think as every actress says when they do this, \"it just felt so right\",\" she said.\"It was so within a different world and so within a different environment that I don't even really feel. I am personally connected to it, of course but it is something outside of myself,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "15083939", "title": "Fans\u2019 ire forces Junior NTR to cancel Vijayawada visit", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: The volatile political situation in the Telugu Desam Party (TDP) is believed to have forced Tollywood star Junior NTR to abandon his plans to visit the city ostensibly to inaugurate a jewellery showroom on Sunday.Junior NTR is the brand ambassador for the jewellery line and the actor's presence was sought at the opening of the Vijayawada showroom keeping in view his fan following in the region. So far, he has only appeared in advertisements for the brand and only agreed to attend one of their events in person keeping in mind his sentimental attachment with the city and the district at large.However, quite unexpectedly, the actor told them at the last minute that he would not be available any time in the coming three months and requested them to go ahead with the launch without him. The jewellers have now roped in veteran actress Hema Malini to fill in for Jr NTR. Sources said that Jr NTR's sudden change of heart may have something to do with the likelihood of him having to face the ire of fans following Gudivada MLA and staunch follower Kodali Nani's decision to switch allegiance to YSR Congress. While Nani has been suspended from the party, the future of TDP urban committee president Vallabhaneni Vamsi, another Jr NTR loyalist, is still uncertain.In view of the recent political developments within the party, a majority of Nandamuri loyalists, especially those belonging to the Kamma community, have not only disowned Nani and Vamsi for their overtures to Jagan but also threatened to snap ties with the young actor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15089961", "title": "Sylvester Stallone hides grief behind dark glasses at son's funeral", "text": "Sylvester Stallone tried to hide his agony over the loss of his son Sage behind dark glasses at the funeral.The Hollywood star and his family gathered in Los Angeles to bury his eldest child, who died of a suspected overdose on July 13, the Sun reported.Stallone was comforted by wife Jennifer Flavin and his brother Frank at the memorial service at St Martin of Tours Catholic Church.Sage, 36, a film-maker and actor, appeared in 'Rocky V' alongside his dad.He had been due to marry his girlfriend within months.Coroner's investigators are probing his death.According to reports, as many as 50 empty pill bottles were found near his body at his Hollywood Hills apartment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15090117", "title": "Cameron Diaz spotted on date", "text": "Cameron Diaz is back in the dating game following her split with baseball star Alex Rodriguez last year.The 39-year-old actress was spotted dining with a handsome man at Rao's on Monday.\"It looked like a date,\" the New York Post quoted a source as saying.When fellow diners asked staff who the guy was, a waiter said, \"I guess it's her boyfriend.\"According to witnesses, Diaz's mystery man was \"handsome and athletic\" and looked like 'Family Guy' creator Seth MacFarlane , but sources said he and Diaz have only briefly met once in the past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15091604", "title": "Rural film with female leads", "text": "Rural films often revolve around a hero in Tamil cinema, but the team of Karuppazhagi claims that their film is different. The film is about the tussle between two girls with different approaches to life; while one wants to live for the society, the other wants to live for oneself.The film has all newcomers in its cast. While Victoria and Shilpa play the leads, Amith plays the male lead. The film also has a supporting cast which includes Yuvarani, Singamuthu, Ajay Rathnam, Meera Karishna and Aadhi Sivan, who plays the villain.The film is written and directed by Vijay Arun while Velan has scored the music. The unit had shot continously for 51 days in various places like Karaikkal, Thirunallaaru, Tharangambadi and Needamangalam, and finished the entire film in a single schedule.The film is expected to hit screens next month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15085351", "title": "Maruti crisis: Subsidiaries take a beating post-unrest", "text": "GURGAON: The shutdown at the Maruti plant in Manesar, after Wednesday's unrest, is estimated to be costing the company Rs 90 crore every day. It has already been two days since operations here first came to a halt, and according to the company's latest statement, there is still no certainty as to when the production will finally resume.Losses are piling up, and particularly so for the great many small-scale subsidiaries in the region, who have had to downsize production as the orders from their biggest buyer in the IMT have completely dried up.Out of the 2,020 industrial units in the Industrial Model Township (IMT), about 40 of them depend on Maruti for sustenance.\"Most of these units cater directly to Maruti. And it would be disastrous for the area if this plant was to shut down,\" said Manmohan Gaind of the Manesar Industrial Welfare Association. Maruti follows what is known as the 'just-in-time' production strategy when it comes to buying automobile components. This means that orders are placed on a short-term day-to-day basis, and even a minor halt in operations can impact the whole small-scale sector.Industrialist Anil Anand owns a subsidiary, Avlight Automotives, that supplies mainly to Maruti. He has had to downsize production by 50 due to this two-day shutdown. \"We supply plastic parts for radiators, airconditioners and mirrors used in Maruti vehicles. There has been a total stoppage of orders from the plant. Losses are huge, but they will only be reflected in the long run,\" he said.Labour troubles at the Manesar plant of Maruti are nothing new. Last year too, the production lines at the unit came to a standstill at three different times. Dinesh Yadav, the owner of DSC Auto Engineering, another subsidiary, incurred over Rs 16 lakh in losses during last year's shutdowns.\"There were three major strikes in one year, and 100 of our business depended on Maruti. The losses were big,\" he said. Yadav's firm made engine and gear parts for Maruti, but today, a lion's share of his business comes from elsewhere.\"Now we mainly supply to Honda . And we have reduced the supply to Maruti by 60 because of the recurrent troubles at their plant.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15085506", "title": "Three held for slaughtering bull at St Estevam", "text": "PANAJI: Three persons were arrested in connection with the illegal slaughter of a bull in an open place at Mangueiral, St Estevam, on Friday. The animal was slaughtered under a tree and seven persons were allegedly involved in the act.The process of slaughtering appeared to have been completed when the police party from Old Goa arrived on the scene. They were tipped off by animal rescue squad, a Bicholim-based NGO.Six of the accused fled from the scene through the fields at the sight of the police vehicle. One person, who was unable to escape due to his physical condition, was nabbed on the spot and two others were arrested later. The names of the three arrested so far, are Domingos Monteiro, Reagan Fernandes and Darwin D'Melo.Four two-wheelers, which the accused left behind on the spot, and implements, including an axe and choppers,used in the slaughter were attached by the police. Around 60 kg of meat, including bones , were also retrieved from the spot.The police is trying to find out whether some accused were involved in stealing cattle for illegal slaughter. PSI Navlesh Desai of Old Goa police station is carrying out further investigations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15085753", "title": "These dreamers walk their talk", "text": "CHENNAI: Venkatesh Chandrasekaran, 46, and vice-president of the automotive division of Mahindra Satyam, plans to walk 36,000km over six months across the country to convince people to part with some of their land. The man dreams of building 6,000 schools across the country.\"I will start my walk on June 2014. I intend to walk to every district in the country and convince people on the importance of education and why they should provide land to set up schools. The cost and expertise is something I will take care,\" he said at a TEDx talk in the city organised by Sri Venketeswara College of Engineering (SVCE) on Saturday.Venkatesh and several others from the city who have taken courageous decisions shared their thoughts and how they went about it during the talk. TEDx is a platform where people are given a chance to spread their ideas. \"The dream grew like a virus inside me.Though it felt good talking to normal people, it did not help. That is when I met A P J Abdul Kalam after four years of planning,\" said Venkatesh who plans to quit his job next month. He plans to set up 10 to 12 schools in every district.\"Each school should have at least 20 acres of land and should be able to accommodate at least 1,000 students,\" he said. As part of the plan he has travelled to Bihar and Punjab.He has got land in Bihar and things have fallen in place. \"If it can work in Bihar, it can work anywhere,\" he quips. Similarly, Jigar Doshi quit a lucrative job in the US and came to Chennai to pursue his dreams. He has developed a mobile application that keeps track of your call records in minutes, number of text messages sent and the data you use everyday. With this information, the app will suggest the best mobile plan across networks based on your needs.The app named 'Planhound' is an android application with more than 50,000 tariff plans across mobile network operators all over the country. \"I heard mobile phone operators are using my app to check the tariffs of others,\" said the alumni of SVCE. Those without a smart phone can log on to komparify.com, key in their usage and get the best plan.Some of the others who spoke at the talk are TV actor and theatre personality Karthik Kumar, textile designer Anaka Narayanan and environmental activist and researcher Nityanand Jayaraman.According to Samuel Eddy, chief coordinator for TEDx India, the country has the fastest growing rate of the TEDx events in the world. \"Around 80 TEDx talks have been organised in the last six months. Chennai is the first city in the country to organise TEDx talks,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15085352", "title": "Testing time for JU officials too?", "text": "KOLKATA: Days after introducing feedback from students as a component of teacher evaluation, Jadavpur University (JU) is now planning to extend it to officers right up to the vice-chancellor. Feedback from those interacting with respective officers such as head of the departments, directors of schools, teachers and state officials may be factored into the officer's annual performance assessment.The university proposes to use the feedback for the overall improvement of the system and self development of individual teachers and officers. The performance assessment however will not be linked to promotion or demotion of officers or even the teachers. \"The assessment of officers and teachers won't have any impact on career advancement,\" said a senior executive council member of the university.The JU executive council has taken the decision in principle and is working on the draft parameters for officer assessment. The performance assessment however will not be linked to promotion or demotion of officers or even the teachers.\"The assessment of officers and teachers won't have any impact on career advancement,\" said a senior executive council member of the university.Officers, including the vice-chancellor and the to dean of students, would also fall come within the purview of the new evaluation system. Teacher's assessment by students will be applicable to all the three faculties of humanities, science and engineering.On the other hand, the officers will be evaluated by a variety of people. \"The assessment of officers and administrators will be done by the service takers who meet them or provide service. It can include means the visitors, parents, students or anyone else. While the for performance assessment of teachersUniversity Grants Commission has formulated a specific guideline based on which the assessment of teachers is done, to assess the office bearers, JU will have to design a new formulae to assess the office bearers. It may be done randomly or on specific dates,\" the official added.A senior JU official informed that though the draft is not yet ready but the appraisers will be asked to give their feedback based on several parameters like on the regularity of the officer, the method of functioning in his office etc. It may also require the appraisers to mention about the swiftness and accuracy of work, if delivered. The behavioural pattern of the administrating officers and availability to crisis too may be considered.\"The earlier CPM- led government was hesitant to implement performance appraisals of teachers by students as well as the officials since they government feared that such a provision will give rise to clashes in the already politically volatile college and university campuses,\" said a JU official.West Bengal State University in Barasat is among the few to introduce student feedback as a vital component for appraisal of teachers. \"The university now plans to extend it for officers. It will help us to improve our performance and ensure smooth functioning of the university,\" said a senior JU official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15085530", "title": "Three threaten priest, held", "text": "NASHIK: Police arrested three persons on Friday for allegedly threatening a priest, Ramkishordas Kathiya, of the Hanuman temple on Trimbak Road. Kathiya of Hanuman Temple on Trimbak Road alleged that Mahendra Anna Jadhav and two others were harassing him over the last five years to vacate the temple's land and had also attempted to kill him.The complainant added further said in the complaint that the accused have also attempted to kill him.Informing more in this regard, the complainant Ramkishordas Kathiya said that the temple opposite Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar Institute of Rural Technology and Management on Trimbak Road existed since 1942.\"Jadhav purchased a plot next to our temple in the recent past and he now wants to get rid of our temple also,\" Kathiya said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15085799", "title": "Testing the waters to help Periyar flow for ever", "text": "We consider it a floating garbage dump. None spares a thought while polluting its waters with human waste and industrial effluents. Periyar is a lifeline for millions. But we ignore her historic relevance in moulding the socio-economic and cultural epochs of Kerala. Stories of her losing battle for survival have become a routine.It was at this juncture that the Times of India decided to map the river with a view to auditing the eco-degradation throughout its course.Our concern was shared by Shivdas B Menon, managing director, Sterling group of companies. Technicians and laboratories of his Sterling Laboratories Pvt Limited were ready to take the thought forward.After several rounds of brainstorming we identified the focus areas and decided to test the waters for some of the basic parameters that are used in testing drinking water qualities. Altogether 13 parameters, including colour, turbidity, pH value, hardness, presence of calcium, magnesium, total alkalinity, chlorides, sulphates, iron and dissolved oxygen were identified. Samples, collected from 24 points in sterilized bottles, were also tested for coliforms and E.Coli. Our initiative wouldn't have been possible but for the support by a young group of dedicated environmental activists from Plan @ Earth under Suraj Abraham.Suraj and his group have been working on different green issues plaguing Kerala. Setting an example, they used an electric car for their travel to collect the samples. And the exercise, while giving them a new insight into the issue, also made them more aware about the plight of a river flowing quietly into a slow but sure death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15086760", "title": "Beedi workers to protest move to stop scholarships", "text": "MANGALORE: Karnataka State Beedi Workers Federation is all set to stage a stir against a move to stop scholarship, being provided to the children of beedi workers from class I to VIII. Federation president B Madhava said this equals to Central government snatching away the rights of the children of beedi workers though in the guise of implementing Right to Free and Compulsory Education (RTE) Act.\"The Central government has decided to stop the scholarships given to the children of beedi workers citing the reason that the RTE Act ensures free education to all. However, we demand that the decision should be withdrawn. The government was providing scholarship to the children after collecting welfare cess from beedi workers. Workers have to compulsorily contribute Rs 6 for rolling every 1,000 beedies to the Labour Welfare Organisation. So the government has no right to stop the scholarship even if RTE Act ensures free education,\" Madhava said.At present, the children of beedi workers get scholarship from class I to MBBS or engineering. However, as per the new proposal, students in classes I to VIII will be deprived of the benefit and scholarship will be given to those who are in classes above IX, he said.The scholarship is a relief for poor families and it is being given from the money collected from beedi workers, so it is not a government fund, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15094983", "title": "Kavita Chahal, Kavita Goyat strike gold at Inter Zonal National Boxing Championship", "text": "NEW DELHI: World Championship bronze medallist Kavita Chahal (+81kg) successfully defended her title at the 4th Inter-Zonal women's National Boxing Championship at Visakhapatnam, Andhra Pradesh. Kavita Goyat (75kg), 2012 Asian Games bronze medallist, also finished with gold.Up against Central Zone's Neha Jadhav in the finals, Kavita Chahal started on a slow note. But Chahal, who was the lone Indian medallist at the world championship, did not give Jadhav scoring opportunities. Chahal finally won 11:4.\"I am happy with my performance. I fought well throughout the championship. Playing and doing well in the domestic tournaments helps one maintain a good rhythm and keep match fit and that's why it's important to participate in such events,\" Chahal said.In another final, Haryana's Kavita Goyat displayed her mastery in the craft with a superlative performance against Raman Deep Kaur of the IABF 'B' team. Kaur had no answer to Goyat's attacks. The 22-year-old won the gold with a margin of 32 points.Meanwhile, the experienced Pinki Jhangra (51kg) and Lalenkawali (48kg) had to settle for a silver after losing out in the championship round.National Games gold medallist Vanlal Duati, representing North East Zone, got better of Pinki Jangra, in what was a fight to the finish. After the opening two minutes of play, both boxers, who adopted a cautious approach, were level with a point each. But with the beginning of the second round Duati, slowly but steadily started to build on her lead. The Mizoram boxer, who was leading 4:2, warded off a strong comeback from Jangra, in the final round, to claim the fly weight gold with a 6:5 victory on points.Multiple gold winner at the junior nationals IABF 'B' Lalenkawali had a bad day against North Zone boxer Mamta in the finals of the light fly weight class. Lalenkawali was out of sorts against the heavy hitting Mamta. She was trailing throughout the bout and by the third round Mamta had opened up a huge gap (6:15). She finally lost 10:21 to settle for silver.North Zone's Sonia Lather notched up a similar victory against Central Zone's Shivani Dahiya to win the title in the bantam weight division. In the welter weight category, North Zone's Neetu Chahal edged past West Zone's Seema to clinch the gold.North Zone bagged the top honours with 7 gold medals, 1 silver and 1 bronze, a distant second was Central Zone with 2 gold medals, 1 silver and 3 bronze medals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15085788", "title": "Experts, students discuss falling groundwater scenario in Lucknow", "text": "Regional Science City, Lucknow organised various programmes for school students and general public on occasion of Ground Water Week on Saturday. The programme began with demonstration of water-based experiment by quiz contest and film based on water in which students and general public participated. KK Chatterjee, education officer, Regional Science City spoke to students and told them that ground water resources are fulfilling our needs but due to lack of management ground water levels have fallen.Health camp organised: HCBL Co-operative Bank Limited organised a health camp at the Chhota Bharwara village on Saturday. Experienced doctors provided free consultation and distributed free medicines to the villagers. Lucknow mayor Dinesh Sharma inaugurated the camp. A large number of inhabitants of Chhota Bharwara village as well as the nearby areas attended the camp. Employees of HCBL bank also volunteered their services in guiding the patients to the doctors and assisting them at the medicine counters. Speaking about the camp, Anil Vikram Singh , chairman of HCBL Bank said, \"We will continue to organise such health camps in all our adopted villages and create awareness about the importance of good health and hygiene, which is fundamental to the overall development of our villages.\"SBI donates C-arm machine: Chief general manager State Bank of India, Lucknow circle K Ramachandran visited St Joseph's Hospital, Gomtinagar on Saturday to donate C-Arm Machine for use at the hospital. He also donated a CNG school bus to Chetna, for use at training centre which is imparting training to children with disabilities. Speaking on the occasion, Ramachandran said that the welfare activities of SBI centred on socially relevant causes and upliftment and empowerment of all the sections of the society, especially those from the weaker and downtrodden sections. He emphasised that the bank owes a solemn duty to the less-fortunate and under-privileged members of the society.Lalitha Ramachandran, president SBI Ladies Club, Lucknow, RK Agrawal, general manager (NW-I), HN Das, general manager(NW-II), AK Palit, general manager(NW-III), Jeevan Sahay, deputy general manager and senior officers of the bank were present on the occasion.Allahabad Bank's CMD in city: Allahabad Bank's chairman &amp; managing director JP Dua is in Lucknow today. He will participate in various programmes of the bank &amp; will inaugurate a new branch &amp; ATM at Amausi Airport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "15086704", "title": "Maritime row: China to build garrison on disputed islands", "text": "BEIJING: China plans to establish a military garrison in the disputed Sansha islands in the South China Sea giving a dangerous turn to its tussle with the Philippines and Vietnam on territorial issues. The three countries have overlapping claims on different parts of the Sansha islands.The move came after a meeting of foreign ministers of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (Asean) ended in a deadlock on the South China Sea issue at Phnom Penh this week. Asean took the unusual step of not issuing the customary joint communique because of differences on the issue.The Philippines and Vietnam want Asean to tackle maritime disputes, but China is opposed to outside mediation. \"China has sufficient historical and jurisprudential evidence for its sovereignty over Nansha islands and adjacent waters,\" said Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Hong Lie.The People's Liberation Army has been asked to create a division-level command , which will be \"responsible for managing the (Sansha) city's national defence mobilization, military reserves and carrying out military operations\" , state media said.The new move is also a challenge to the US position in the region because Washington is seen to be supporting the claims of Vietnam and the Philippines on Sansha islands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15084838", "title": "2 more suspected dengue deaths in KR Puram", "text": "BANGALORE: There were two more suspected dengue deaths in Bangalore on Saturday. S Vishnu, 16, and Bibi Jaan Alamma, 65, died in Vijinapura near K R Puram. On Friday, a young woman died in St John's Hospital due to suspected dengue.The BBMP denied the two died of dengue. \"The medical reports of Bibi Jaan say she was suffering from renal failure and diabetes. Vishnu was admitted to a hospital on Friday night with severe vomiting, stomach ache and intermittent fever. We're yet to confirm if the cause of death is dengue. The reports will be available on Monday,\" said Dr Vijay Biradar, deputy health officer, Mahadevpura zone, BBMP.BBMP sources said the Palike has started taking precautionary measures to prevent spreading of disease. Fumigation and intensive cleaning of garbage is being done, they added.Meanwhile, Dr AB Chowdhury, in-charge, joint director, communicable diseases, said there have been eight deaths due to dengue in Karnataka in 2012, of which one has been in Bangalore Urban district.Vishnu's aunt Meenakshi said he developed high fever three days ago. \"We took him to the nearby doctor. Vishnu was given injections for the past three days. Suddenly, on Friday night, we found his hands and feet started turning cold. We rushed him to a nursing home, but they asked us to immediately go to a big hospital. Vishnu was given 8 bottles of blood there and seemed cheerful. He even took a walk in the room. On Saturday morning, we got the news he was dead. Around six persons from this area have been in hospital because of suspected dengue.\"Vishnu's relatives said Vijinapura is infested with mosquitoes because of improper sanitation and open drains and people here are worried and frightened. \"We've been supporting Vishnu, his mother and sister after his father's demise,\" relatives said.Tips to prevent dengue fever* Keep your surroundings cleans.* Use mosquito repellents, mosquito nets* Avoid stagnant water in your surroundings* Make sure you drink boiled water* Maintain personal hygiene* Avoid being bitten by mosquito.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15086117", "title": "This rakhi, you can take heart from angry birds", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Whenever we discuss games, we often talk of the popular \"Angry birds\". Keeping with the trend, people this time can buy rakhis , with colourful frowning birds adorning the threads. Priced between Rs 60 to Rs 100, these are available in some gift shops in the city, and are gaining popularity. With Raksha Bandhan a few days away, shops are already short of stock.Not just kids, even elders are buying these. Ria Sharma, 23, said, \"My brother loves the Angry birds game. It's installed on his phone, laptop and stickers engraved on his T-shirts. I know he would really appreciate such a rakhi.\" Gautami Verma, 25, said, \"I bought a traditional rakhi along with a trendy one.\" There is yet another rakhi available called the \"Evil Eye\", which would bring good luck to the wearer and keep away evil. This is available in three colours - purple, pink and blue and costs Rs 60 and above.Not just this, aliens, vampires and skeletons - are also an addition to the auspicious threads. These rakhis are made of rubber straps that can be tied like a watch. Buyers can even select rakhis made in the shape of lipsticks, cars and hearts, which are priced at Rs 50 and above. Even lumba rakhis which are gifted to sisters-in-law are selling quickly. These are available in many designs including a peacock decorated with pearls, beads and stones. Traditional Tikka Thalis have also gone designer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15084688", "title": "With 54% green cover, Gandhinagar India's tree capital", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat's capital - Gandhinagar - could well be India's tree capital. The latest figures of a census conducted by the state government show that 53.9% of its 5,700-hectare area is covered with trees.Effectively, there are 416 trees for every 100 people in the city. This is more than any other city in the country. The census was conducted by the social forestry department along with various municipal corporations and urban development authorities.Drive 35 km out of Gandhinagar and the scenario changes drastically in Ahmedabad where there are just 11 trees for every 100 people. While there are as many as 8.66 lakh trees in the state capital, the population is just 2.08 lakh people. At this rate, there is 15 sq m land of trees for every person. The smaller municipal corporations in the state like Vadodara, Junagadh and Bhavnagar have better average than Ahmedabad.According to Forest Survey of India, Bangalore, Chandigarh and Delhi have a green cover of 18.9%, 14.9% and 11.9%, respectively.H S Singh, additional principal chief conservator of forests, social forestry, said, \"Gandhinagar's tree cover is comparable with the best in the world. Atlanta in the US, for instance, is considered among the greenest cities globally and has exactly the same percentage of land under tree cover as Gandhinagar's.\"\"Gandhinagar was just a barren piece of land when work first started to turn it into a state capital in 1965,\" Singh added. \"The social forestry division was given the task of greening the area. Ever since, more than 35 lakh trees have been planted and their survival rate has been very high. Also, in 1991 land reserved for development was used for plantation, making the city one of the greenest.\"The eight municipal corporations in Gujarat have 33.01 lakh trees over an area of 1.33 lakh hectares. The overall tree density in the municipal corporations was just 22 trees for every 100 persons on an average.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15083768", "title": "All school buses fail inspection test", "text": "BHOPAL: None of school buses checked on Saturday was found 'fit' as per the Supreme Court guidelines. One or the other deficiency was found in each of the buses.Joint director (JD) public instructions Bhopal division P R Tiwari said, \"Total 105 buses of nine schools were checked by four teams on Saturday. Some deficiency or the other was found in all school buses. They were not fit as per the apex court's norms. Tomorrow, 12 schools would be checked by the teams.\"According to the district administration officials, school buses were found lacking in first-aid boxes, double grilles on windows, name and number of the school written both on front and rear of the bus, inefficient speed governors, space under seats to keep school bags and fire extinguishers among others.Of nine schools inspected, maximum number of buses belonged to Sanskaar Valley School where 38 buses were examined. Some were found with ineffective speed governors which were unable to control the speed when the buses were driven over that speed, according to officials.Besides, space to keep school bags and name and phone numbers were not written properly, they added.Of 4 buses checked in Campion School, space to keep school bags under the seat and grilles in windows were not there. Also, in some first-aid boxes were not up to the mark. At St Paul's Co-ed, buses were found lacking in first-aid boxes and fire extinguishers. Besides, the school had four new buses which did not have documents at the time of inspection. At St Mary's School, first-aid boxes were found not keeping in with directions. Similar was the case at Anand Vihar School with buses found lacking in fire extinguishers, space for school bags and proper fitted grilles.Bal Bharti School's four buses had insufficient space for schoolbags, name and phone number written in small font and faulty speed governors.Maharshi Vidya Mandir, Lambakheda did not have horizontal grilles fitted on windows as per guidelines. Lastly, Bhavan's Bharti School did not have school buses where 'on school duty' was written prominently. Also, a driver did not wear the uniform and the buses were found lacking in speed governors, fire extinguishers and space for school bags. Besides, 18 buses of Red Rose School were also inspected. On Sunday, remaining 12 schools would be inspected by the four teams comprising district administration, school education, traffic police, transport and home guard officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15093771", "title": "Ashmit's friends with all but Veena Malik", "text": "Ashmit is still friends with his fellow Bigg Boss contestants save Veena Malik. We had reported earlier how the actor, who got into a string of controversies surrounding an obscene MMS with former girlfriend Riya Sen , is not in touch with Veena Malik.Ashmit was linked to the Pakistani actress in the reality series. When we quizzed him about other contestants, Ashmit said, \"Yes I am in touch with everyone. Hrishant (Goswami) and I are very good friends now. I knew Aanchal (Kumar) from before. We were comfortable with each other. Moreover, I am also in touch with Shweta Tiwari and Sara (Khan) and I are doing a film together which is titled Parivaar .\"So what made him so popular in the house? \"People generally connect with me. What can I do? Girls feel comfortable around me. And I hate women and men who disrespect women. I stand up for them. When Dolly and Shweta got into an argument, I was the one to stand up for the injustice happening,\" the actor blushed. He further added, \"It doesn't harm if you are friends with anybody. And I am a nice looking guy after all. I took care of everybody.\"The actor is now busy in Fiji, filming with his ex-beau Veena Malik for Supermodel . What's with Fiji and Bollywood these days. Even actor Rajeev Khandelwal is there, shooting for Table 21 . \"Fiji is beautiful. It has the perfect locales for films.\"Well, we know how he has been loved by his reality show inmates and so are things better with sister Ameesha Patel as well? \"Rift between me and Ameesha is a thing of the past now. I have nothing to revive with her. She is my sister.\" Speak about the controversy and Ashmit says, \"Things like those bog you down. But I am glad that it happened to me. I fought back and emerged stronger. Thanks to those incidents, you learn more from them. And I am sure I will have a brighter tomorrow.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15088144", "title": "Spanco resolves consumer grievances in record time", "text": "NAGPUR: The internal grievance redressal cell (IGRC) of power franchisee Spanco has achieved a major milestone by redressing consumer grievances in record time. As per norms of Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission ( MERC) IGRC's must redress a grievance within sixty days. However, on an average Spanco's IGRC has done it in six days. The cell was started on May 1, 2011.A company spokesperson said that the Cell had so far redressed 99 grievances out of 104 filed before it. Out of these 99 cases relief was provided to consumers in 52 cases. \"As we decide the grievances quickly and provide relief to consumers wherever it is necessary more and more consumers are approaching our cell.\" The spokesperson further said that apart from the registered cases, IGRC also guided the consumers in resolving their problems. \"We created awareness among consumers regarding their rights and interests. On average eight to ten consumers approach the cell seeking guidance. IGRC has rendered such services close to 3500 consumers in past 14 months.\"The spokesperson, however, made it clear that IGRC did not deal with cases of power theft and unauthorized use of electricity.The IGRC is headed by Surendrakumar Jahagirdar, who was earlier the chairman of MSEDCL's consumer grievance redressal forum (CGRF), Nagpur Urban Zone. He is assisted by a technical officer of senior manager level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15085208", "title": "Warrants against 3 Chandralok power thieves", "text": "NAGPUR: The ninth district and assistant session judge has issued warrants against three residents of Chandralok building on Central Avenue, who were caught pilfering power in October last year. The vigilance team of Spanco had caught eleven residents of the building pilfering power. Two paid the assessed and compounding amount immediately while the remaining six paid up after some days.However, three residents, J S Agrawal (owner), Chetna Vasani and Cheteram Siddiqui (tenants) refused to pay up. Agrawal paid the assessed amount of Rs11,760 but not the compounding amount. Left with no option, Spanco lodged special criminal complaints against them in lower court. The court had issued summons to the three but when they did not appear before the court, it issued warrants against them.The raid on Chandralok building had generated a lot of controversy. The nine consumers had refused to pay had pilfered Rs21.33 lakh power including compounding charges. When a team led by the area manager went to the building to disconnect these consumers, they rushed to the parking area where the meter rooms are located and blocked the entrance.Some of them had said that they could not pay lakhs in one go and hence Spanco should allow them to pay the amount in instalments. Some of them alleged that Spanco had not followed the due procedure for disconnection and hence it could not snap their supply. Some of them rudely told the staffers that they would not be allowed to disconnect. The team had to return empty-handed.Spanco team had faced another difficulty as several women had blocked the entrance of meter rooms. On the other hand Spanco team had no women member. Later when Spanco made it clear that it would take help of woman constables to enter the meter rooms, the power pilferers started paying up one by one.The residents had also tried to use political pressure. An MLA had levelled allegations against the franchisee that it had framed the residents of Chandralok building.A Spanco spokesperson said that the company had initiated legal proceedings against many power thieves and unless they paid up legal proceedings would continue against them. \"We will urge the courts to issue summons to them and if they do not appear then warrants as has been done in this case,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15084646", "title": "India seeks global arms trade treaty to defang terror groups", "text": "NEW DELHI: India wants a global arms trade treaty (ATT) to be decided by consensus with all \"stakeholders\", where the big players in weapons trade like the US and China sharing obligations to prevent illicit trafficking of arms to terrorist groups.It is more difficult to trade in oil and fruits than weapons. This unregulated global trade in weapons is not only huge \u2014 some figures suggest $2.2 billion worth of weapons made their way to countries under arms embargo in the last decade \u2014 but also contributes enormously to enhancing the lethal power of terrorist groups and organized crime syndicates.As discussions for a treaty at the UN enter its final week \u2014 the treaty is being discussed at a special session from July 2-27 \u2014 sources said India wants arms brokers to be included in the purview of ATT, but wants to keep ammunition out of the pact. The Indian stand on the issue is closer to the US, although, like China, New Delhi too wants to keep subjective aspects like human rights outside the treaty's ambit.The gaps among the negotiating countries are wide enough to foresee difficult negotiations ahead. India would prefer to have strong language against terrorism, viewing this treaty as one more brick in the comprehensive convention against terrorism. In her statement, Sujata Mehta, PR to the conference on disarmament, said, \"The ATT should make it obligatory for states not to authorize transfer of conventional arms to terrorists or non-state armed groups.\"However, the implementation of the treaty should be the responsibility of governments, and not by a supra-national body, because it \"cannot restrict and should not prejudice the legitimate right of states to engage in arms trade for self-defence and in pursuit of their foreign policy and national security interests.\" Nobody is sure how this treaty will effect states like Pakistan which harbour terrorists.On the scope of the treaty, India has proposed a seven-plus-one list of weapons, including, battle tanks, armed combat vehicles, large calibre artillery systems, combat aircraft, attack helicopters, warships, missiles and missile launchers and small arms and light weaponry. Of these, it would be easier to get a consensus on most since all of them don't make to organized crime networks. The difficulty will be including the last item in the treaty.Arms NGOs say small arms have caused most of the casualties in conflicts in the past four decades. But China, a big small arms exporter, wants them excluded from the treaty. Russia, Iran, Egypt, and even India, are wary of clauses that would ban arms exports to groups that violate human rights or humanitarian law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15085612", "title": "Another senior citizen murdered in Lucknow", "text": "LUCKNOW: Barely four days after an elderly woman was killed in Kaiserbagh, another senior citizen was murdered by armed robbers in the city on Friday midnight. The incident was reported from Rahimabad under Malhiabad police station. The murder took place at a stone's throw distance from Rahimabad police outpost.The victim, Kanhaiyyalal Gupta, 62, a resident of Rahimabad, was killed with a sharp-edged weapon outside his grocery shop. The robbers later broke into his shop and decamped with Rs 2,000 and other valuables.Enraged over the incident, locals blocked the Lucknow-Hardoi Road and demanded action against the cops. District police chief Ashutosh Pandey rushed to the spot and pacified the agitating residents. Pandey later suspended 10 policemen, including Malihabad police station in charge and Rahimabad outpost in charge, for laxity.The incident came to light when the victim's son Mahesh came to the shop at around 7.15am on Saturday.As a routine, Gupta was sleeping outside his shop on Lucknow-Hardoi Road, a few metres away from Rahimabad police outpost. On Friday midnight, robbers came to his shop and stabbed Gupta to death. Before fleeing, they placed Gupta's body behind the shop and put a charpoy on it apparently to hide it from public view, IG told TOI.Though the murder took place on Friday night, the police did not come to know about it till Saturday morning. Gupta was last seen talking to a few labourers outside his shop where some construction was going on.When Mahesh to the shop in the morning, he could not find his father. On seeing the shutter open, he got suspicious and went behind the shop and found his father's body. Mahesh then informed the police which rushed to the spot.Pandey told TOI that since the incident took place on the main road, it was pure laxity on the part of the cops. Mahesh has also blamed the Rahimabad police in the FIR lodged with the Malihabad police station.The murder-cum-loot of two senior citizens within a week lends credence to claims of deteriorating law and order situation in the city. On July 18, a 67-year-old woman was killed by robbers in her house at Ghasiyaari Mandi in Kaiserbagh. The miscreants had decamped with her cash and valuables.The policemen suspended are Malihabad police station in charge SSI Pramod Kumar Khare, Rahimabad police outpost in charge Rajkumar Gautam, head constable Jairaj, constables Shobit Gangwar, Suresh Chandra Pandey, Akhilesh Singh, Mukesh Singh, Kamlesh Singh, Pramod Singh and Ramnarayan Saroj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15086614", "title": "Man held for attempted rape", "text": "HUBLI: A man was arrested for attempting to rape a mentally challenged woman in Hirejantgal area of Gangavati town in Koppal district on Saturday. Erupanna Bhovi tried to rape the woman when she was alone at home in the evening, said Gangavati police. Her husband who is dumb entered the house at the same time and shouted for help.Neighbours rushed to his help and handed Erupanna over to police. Gangavati town police have registered the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15085837", "title": "Supreme Court hearing to test Samajwadi Party, Congress bonding", "text": "LUCKNOW: The growing bonhomie between the Samajwadi Party and the Congress could be in for some real test on July 30, when the Supreme Court would hear the case of an alleged land scam involving preferential allotments of 28 plots in Gomtinagar to close relatives of SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav and a handful of senior bureaucrats and senior police officers. Reason: The hearing would see SC considering an affidavit filed by Mulayam in November 2011 in which he said that the case is politically motivated as petitioner Vishwanath Chaturvedi is a Congressman.The affidavit could rather embarrass both the political parties which, of late, have been cozying up - be it SP support to the Congress-led UPA government or Congress-backed presidential and vice-presidential candidates or the Centre's hefty financial package of Rs 57,000 crore to UP government headed by Akhilesh Yadav.\"I had been a Congressman who followed the policies of Jawaharlal Nehru and Indira Gandhi and not those of Sonia and Manmohan Singh . Right now, I am just a lawyer who is fighting a case of corruption,\" said Chaturvedi, who is also the petitioner in Mulayam's disproportionate assets case, the judgement in which has been reserved by the apex court.\"They say that I am a Congressman. But what about Salman Khurshid's law company, which is contesting for Lucknow Development Authority (LDA) and Abhishek Manu Singhvi, who is representing Shivpal Singh Yadav in the land allotment case?\" Chaturvedi questioned while speaking to TOI. \"This proves that political affiliations of lawyers have nothing to do with their profession,\" said Chaturvedi, who had contested 2002 assembly elections from Haidergarh assembly constituency on a Congress ticket against senior BJP leader Rajnath Singh .Chaturvedi claims of being at odds just before the recent presidential polls. \"My security was taken away by the Centre just to secure Mulayam Singh Yadav and his MLAs votes for Congress-backed presidential candidate,\" he alleged.The alleged land scam was put under rigorous scrutiny by BSP chief Mayawati when she stormed to power in 2007. The committee headed by then Lucknow divisional commissioner Vijay Shankar Pandey had filed an affidavit in the Supreme Court saying that the allotments were illegal and the plots were given at throwaway prices.Now with the SP at the helm of affairs, the state government has contended in the apex court that the affidavit filed by the committee (headed by Vijay Shankar Pandey) was wrong. The affidavit said that the direct allotment of plots was very much in practice since 1992 to 2005. In fact, in the period over 17,000 plots were allotted to people by respective LDA vice-chairmen.The move has already attained political overtures with the BSP and the BJP crying hoarse over the issue. Leader of the Opposition and senior BSP leader Swami Prasad Maurya questioned the intention of the ruling state government to withdraw the affidavit (filed by the BSP government). \"They could have waited for the Supreme Court hearing before taking any such decision. They did not. And this shows their malafide intention,\" Maurya said while speaking to TOI. \"How else the plots were allotted to only those who were relatives of Mulayam Singh Yadav, besides some of the senior bureaucrats close to Samajwadi Party,\" he added.BJP state president Laxmikant Bajpayi said that this proves that both SP and the Congress are adopting double standards. SP spokesperson Rajendra Chaudhary, however, defended the move saying that there was nothing wrong in the allotment. \"Everything was as per rules. It was the case of discretionary allotment where someone had to be benefited,\" he said.State government officials associated with the case said that it was only in 2008 that the board of LDA decided to do away with the procedure of discretionary allotment. Officials also maintained that even the land use was changed from institutional to residential, while the plots were allotted to the beneficiaries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15085063", "title": "Attempt to keep gynecological surgeries non-invasive", "text": "GURGAON: A conference to discuss basics and advanced gynecological endoscopic surgeries, and how they can be adopted effectively for various gynaecological disorders, so that the conventional surgeries are gradually replaced by minimal invasive surgeries was held on Friday evening in city.Doctors from various hospitals and private clinics attended the event to participate and discuss latest procedures at this event organised by Artemis hospital in association with Gurgaon Obstetrics &amp; Gynaecological Society (GOGS). The symposium according to participants is an initiation of activities to keep abreast with latest in such surgeries.These new age surgical modalities can be utilized for most gynaecological disorders like fibroids, ovarian tumor, ectopic pregnancy, pelvic adhesions, tubal pathologies, endometriosis , infertility , etc, said Dr Veena Bhat, Director - Obstetrics &amp; Gynaecology, Artemis Hospital. The purpose of the seminar was to encourage te doctors to get trained in this specialized surgery and gain experience for delivering it to their patients.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15086646", "title": "Book shelves at government library biting dust", "text": "VARANASI: Call it decreasing interest in reading or negligence of the district administration towards library, the books shelves at the government district library are gathering dust and entering into oblivion.Established in 1957 near district headquarters, the plight of the district library is that only four to five readers visit it daily. Records point out that as many as 850 people hold life-time membership of the library. These are the records of 1962.Librarian Chandradeep Ram Chandela said that the membership is not renewed so it is difficult to identify the members who are regular. \"Around 5-6 members have taken the membership this year,\" he said.The number of visitors and members is low as compared to other libraries, it also failed to keep stock of good and better conditioned books in the shelves.Chandela said that there are around 38,000 books in the library. \"The books are purchased by Putakalaya Prakoshtha of the state government which sends the books in libraries. We have recently received around 150 books. We do not place a demand of books and topics of books with the state government,\" he added.In the past, the library had books of wide range of subjects like history, geography, economics, literature, agriculture, theology, physics, chemistry, biology and other subjects. At present, it had a good stock of Hindu, Urdu and English literature books.The books are not arranged according to subjects, topics and genre. The almirah and shelves do not mention about the subjects of books. Most of the books stocked in some almirahs were poorly arranged. Bindings and pages of the old books were damaged.The librarian is not aware about the funds received by library for annual maintenance.The librarian said that soon it would be made fully computerised. \"A computer, scanner and other equipment have reached us. But we lack trained manpower to handle the work as it involved bar coding of books, library cards and other technical aspects. We are waiting if government will provide any assistance for this, till then computers are placed in office itself and not in use,\" Chandela said.At present, there is one hall in which over 25 almirahs and shelves are kept along with the reading desk.In 1994, there were proposals to extend the library with two more halls which would be connected to each other.\"The halls are half built as the funds were not proper utilised by the then incharge and at present we are using the place as store,\" said Chandela.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "hambantota", "code": "15089567", "title": "Statistical highlights of India-Sri Lanka first ODI", "text": "HAMBANTOTA: Statistical highlights of the first one-dayer between India and Sri Lanka.# Virender Sehwag's 96 off 97 balls is his first half-century in six innings since registering 219 against the West Indies at Indore on December 8 last year.# Sehwag's superb 38th ODI fifty is his fifth against Sri Lanka. He has recorded his sixth score in the nervous nineties - his second against Sri Lanka.# Sehwag's first score in the nineties against Sri Lanka was an unbeaten 99 at Dambulla on August 16, 2010.# Sehwag is averaging 46.81 in India's victories - 5711 runs in 131 matches, including 14 hundreds and 28 fifties.# Virat Kohli has registered three successive centuries against Sri Lanka in ODIs.# Kohli became the first batsman to hit four hundreds in ODIs this year. His fourth hundred against Sri Lanka is his 12th in ODIs.# Kohli's aggregate of 596 runs at an average of 149.00 is a record in five consecutive innings, overtaking Matthew Hayden's aggregate of 529 at an average of 132.25 in 2007.# Kohli's magnificent match-winning 106 off 113 balls is his first century against Sri Lanka in Sri Lanka.# Kohli, for the first time in ODIs, has recorded his fifth successive score of fifty-plus - an unbeaten 133 at Hobart on February 28, 2012 and 108 at Dhaka on March 13 - both against Sri Lanka, 66 against Bangladesh at Dhaka on March 16, 183 against Pakistan at Dhaka on March 18 and 106 against Sri Lanka at Hambantota.# His tally of four hundreds in five innings is an outstanding achievement in ODIs.# Kohli became the third Indian player to post five innings of fifty-plus in a row in ODIs, joining Sachin Tendulkar during 1994 and Rahul Dravid during 2004-05 (four for India and one for Asia XI)# Kohli has received four MOM awards this year - the most by him in a calendar year. His eleventh Man of the Match award in ODIs is his third against Sri Lanka.# Sehwag is the eighth Indian batsman to be run-out in the nervous nineties. The only batsman to achieve this unwanted feat twice is Sourav Ganguly.# The aggregate of 607 for 15 wickets is the second highest between India and Sri Lanka in Sri Lanka, next only to the 608 for 16 wickets at Colombo (RPS) on July 7, 1998.# India have recorded 70 totals of 300 or more in ODIs - the first team to do so.# India's 314 for six is the highest score by any team against Sri Lanka at Hambantota - the third highest at this venue, next only to Sri Lanka's 332 for seven against Canada on February 20, 2011 and Pakistan's 317 for seven against Kenya on February 23, 2011.# India (314 for six) have posted their fourth highest total against Sri Lanka in Sri Lanka - their highest is 363 for five at Colombo, RPS on February 3, 2009.# Sehwag and Kohli shared a partnership of 173 for the second wicket - the second highest for India against Sri Lanka in Sri Lanka, next only to the 188 between Mahendra Singh Dhoni and Gautam Gambhir at Colombo, RPS on February 5, 2009.# Kumar Sangakkara has become the first batsman to aggregate 1,000 runs in ODIs in 2012 - 1038 at an average of 45.13 in 25 games. His tally includes three centuries and five fifties.# Sangakkara has achieved the aforesaid feat four times in a calendar year - 2004, 2006, 2011 &amp; 2012.# Sangakkara has become the fifth player to make five centuries or more against India in ODIs. Sanath Jayasuriya (7), Ricky Ponting (6), Nathan Astle (5), Salman Butt (5) and Sangakkara (5) are the batsmen to achieve the distinction.# Sangakkara's run tally of 10,769 at an average of 38.59 in 331 matches has bettered Mahela Jayawardene's tally of 10704 (ave. 33.34) in 379 ODIs. Sanath Jayasuriya is the leading Sri Lankan run-getter in ODIs with 13430 at an average of 445 matches for SL/Asia.# Sangakkara's fifth hundred against India is his 14th in One-Day internationals.# Lasith Malinga for the first time has conceded 80 runs or more without taking a single wicket in an ODI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "15086172", "title": "No NOC for 'Thappana' falls into a legal trap fails to get NOC", "text": "THRISSUR: 'Thappana' the upcoming Malayalam film directed by Johny Antony and starring Mammootty in the lead role, fails to get the approval of the Animal Welfare Board of India (AWBI) and which is supposed to affect the release of the film.The AWBA has also refused to give No Objection Certificate (NOC) to another film, Bhoopadathil Illatha Oridam, written and directed by Joe Chalissery. The AWBA refused to give NOC to Thappana following a complaint filed by Heritage Animal Task Force (HATF).V K Venkitachalam, secretary, HATF said, \"There is set of rules to feature animals in films. Directors should not violate it by shooting the scenes where animals are used. Animals had not been used in films of Mammootty. But now everybody started use the animals in their films. Case can be taken against the violators under The Prevention cruelty to animals Act 1960. We have written to Ministry of Information and Broadcasting to arrest director of the film, producer and actor\".Meanwhile, Johny Antony said, \"We have already started the shooting of the film as per schedule. Getting approval of AWBI is not a matter. It will get within a month\". The AWBI has asked the director to explain on why inspection was not allowed to carry out during shooting and failure to intimate on shooting date.The film has been using 12 buffaloes, 40 bullocks, four cows, eight bulls and one dog. In the film there is a fight sequence in between cattles, pet dog of villain in the background and Villain coming with some bulls.The film was planned to release on August 6.'Thappana', the upcoming Malayalam film directed by Johny Antony starring Mammootty in the lead role, fails to get the approval of the Animal Welfare Board of India (AWBI) and is likely to affect the release of the film.The board has refused to give No Objection Certificate (NOC) following a complaint filed by Heritage Animal Task Force (HATF).The AWBI has also refused to give NOC to another film, 'Bhoopadathil Illatha Oridam', written and directed by Joe Chalissery.\"There is a set of rules to feature animals in films. Directors should not violate it. Case can be taken against the violators under the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act 1960. We have written to the ministry of information and broadcasting to arrest the director of the film, producer and actor,\" said V K Venkitachalam, HATF secretary.Meanwhile, Johny Antony said, \"We have already started shooting of the film as per schedule. Getting approval of AWBI is not a matter which will be obtained in a month\".The AWBI has asked the director to explain why inspection was not allowed to carry out during shooting. and failure to intimate on shooting date.The film has been using 12 buffaloes, 40 bullocks, four cows, eight bulls and one dog. In the film there is a fight sequence in between cattles, pet dog of villain in the background and villain coming with some bulls.The film's release was planned on August 6.Thrissur: 'Thappana' the upcoming Malayalam film directed by Johny Antony and starring Mammootty in the lead role, fails to get the approval of the Animal Welfare Board of India (AWBI) and which is supposed to affect the release of the film.The AWBA has also refused to give No Objection Certificate (NOC) to another film, Bhoopadathil Illatha Oridam, written and directed by Joe Chalissery. The AWBA refused to give NOC to Thappana following a complaint filed by Heritage Animal Task Force (HATF).V K Venkitachalam, secretary, HATF said, \"There is set of rules to feature animals in films. Directors should not violate it by shooting the scenes where animals are used. Animals had not been used in films of Mammootty. But now everybody started use the animals in their films. Case can be taken against the violators under The Prevention cruelty to animals Act 1960. We have written to Ministry of Information and Broadcasting to arrest director of the film, producer and actor\".Meanwhile, Johny Antony said, \"We have already started the shooting of the film as per schedule. Getting approval of AWBI is not a matter. It will get within a month\". The AWBI has asked the director to explain on why inspection was not allowed to carry out during shooting and failure to intimate on shooting date.The film has been using 12 buffaloes, 40 bullocks, four cows, eight bulls and one dog. In the film there is a fight sequence in between cattles, pet dog of villain in the background and Villain coming with some bulls.The film was planned to release on August 6.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15086348", "title": "Celebrating the girl child", "text": "LUDHIANA: The monsoon may have been sparse in Ludhiana this season, but the varied hues of monsoon festival Teej have drenched the city these days. Celebrating the 'saavan' festival, city-based NGO Ahsaas observed it with fun and frolic, on Saturday.The organizers associated their celebrations with the cause of girl child and performed a short skit highlighting the importance of women in society.Dance performances on western numbers, two skits, bhangra-gidha performances, gol-gappa eating competition and a beauty contest made the celebrations electric. The event was held at a resort on Jalandhar Bypass road.\"Around 200 women gathered to celebrate Teej with us as we planned an array of activities. We even selected a Teej Queen and three runner-ups through a beauty contest. A skit exhibited the different roles a female takes over in the course of her life,\" said Ahsaas president Sangeeta Bhandari. NGO member Seema Jain said, \"The activities were fun-filled and women enjoyed them. Gol-gappa eating competition and bhangra-giddha witnessed an elated response from participants.\" The winners of various competitions were awarded with gifts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15087076", "title": "Punjab to woo diaspora a la Gujarat", "text": "CHANDIGARH: For many second and third generation members of Punjabi diaspora, the verdant paddy fields, punctuated beautifully with yellow mustard ones, women wearing phulkari and \"paranda,\" deftly making \"makki ki roti\" in the typical Punjabi \"vehda,\" are only familiar as scenes out of a movie. With the number of such Punjabis, born and brought up in other countries, increasing, Punjab is taking cues from Gujarat, in wooing young Punjabis, who have never seen their native state.\"We want to encourage the second and third generation Punjabis, who have never visited their native country and village, to come and visit their grandparents, their relatives and explore their roots,\" says Ramesh Janta, commissioner, NRI, Punjab. \"Gujarat is offering a range of incentives to such non-resident Gujarati visitors and has even come out with a card which gets them discount while they shop here,\" he said.Punjab estimates that there are more than 3.10 crore Punjabis scattered across the globe. Many of them migrated several decades ago and have children and grandchildren who have never seen Punjab for themselves.\"Their relatives live here, so do their grandparents. The idea is to motivate second and third generation Punjabis to visit their native land, bond with their relatives, explore their roots and have better relations and affiliations with their culture, even as they live abroad,\" Arvind Kumar, heading the NRI Commission in Punjab, said.The idea, said Janta, came from a delegation of Gujarati officials, who came to study Punjab's newly set up NRI Commission. \"We are also working on preparing an incentive package along with introducing a card, like Gujarat has done, which facilitates shopping in the state. It gets you concessions and discounts in malls, shops, hotels, etc.. Also, it is hoped that the new generation Punjabis who come visiting the state will be motivated to invest back in their native state or do something for its development,\" said Janta.The programme introduced by Gujarat government has been a hit with Gujarati diaspora and has seen an increase in the number of Gujaratis heading back home for a visit. This, hopes the state government, will be repeated in Punjab as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15086572", "title": "Rainproof: Home hygiene top priority in this season", "text": "NEW DELHI: Don't wait for municipal officers to inspect your house for stagnant water. With dengue season here, no precaution is too much to keep your house safe from infection.Not just coolers and potted plants, areas that require attention include porch or lobby corners that fill up with water and drains outside homes where pools of dirty water often collect during rains. The flowers in your living-room also need to be tended: snip the stems and change the water in the vase daily.No stagnant water in and around the house is the monsoon mantra. But that's not all. An unclean home is an open invitation to all sorts of bacteria and infection-causing agents. From the phone to the flush knob and the pet's bedding, germs flourish on surfaces and crevices, especially in these damp monsoon months.Experts advise extra cleanliness around the house in this season . Keeping surfaces, bedding and upholstery dry is essential. Using air-conditioning helps in keeping rooms dry. Dampness encourages rapid bacterial growth. Mold easily grows around the shower knob or the flush and the kitchen tap. These are some of the most used surfaces and easily contaminated.Physicians point to the seven country survey that showed that Indian kitchen slabs are the dirtiest. Dishcloth in an Indian kitchen was 100% contaminated, the study said. Most Indian kitchen sinks had E coli. The advice: kitchen cloths and mops must be kept dry. Cleaning equipment should be disinfected too. Drains should be lined with pest repellents to keep creepy-crawlies away.The UK's public health guidelines point to the kitchen as the area from where infection spreads. A kitchen sink contains 100,000 times more germs than a bathroom . Disposable cleaning towels are advised in the monsoon months. Within eight hours, one bacterium on a damp cloth can multiply to 6 million, say the guidelines.Not just infection, dampness inside the house also spells trouble for asthmatics and those plagued by arthritis. Living in such conditions aggravates inflammation of the nasal passage and joints.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15086554", "title": "The shows that our neighbours are watching", "text": "For two countries separated by a common culture and language, the idiotbox can bridge the gap. But, with both governments often taking each other's satellite channels off the air and often using the state TV for propaganda against each other, television has reinforced stereotypes \u2014 mostly in India where channels from across the border have been banned. This may all change now as the government proposes to open India to Pakistani TV channels, something that may change our perception about the neighbouring country.Pakistan, like India, is addicted to the 'family drama.' Indian viewers would be tickled pink to see the first episode of the Pakistani serial Dil Diya Dehleez, which opens with a bunch of young women singing the Bollywood number \"Mehndi laga ke rakhna.\"That Star Plus is amongst Pakistan's most watched general entertainment channels may have something to do with the fact that many Pakistani serials are inspired by Indian soaps. For Indians, this is akin to watching a reflection of a reflection. \"You have to understand that they (Pakistani serials) are based on the Star Plus formula but are now breaking away from it,\" says Kamal Siddiqi, editor of The Express Tribune, a Pakistani daily. Pakistani serials are rather bold in the issues they raise, from child abuse to divorce and even incest, he adds. Many are adaptations of Urdu novels.Not so long ago, Pakistan, like India, was obsessed with Hindi serials of the saasbahu variety. \"People wouldn't cook their meals from 7 pm to 10 pm when Hindi serials were on air,\" says Fazila Kazi, a popular Pakistani TV actress and producer. But much like Indians, Pakistanis too, are now growing weary of the saas-bahu formula.Humsafar, one of Pakistan's most popular serials, revolves around the lives of Khirad, a young girl from a poor family, and her snooty rich cousin Ashar who get married, in accordance with Khirad's mother's dying wish. As the two begin to fall in love, they're torn apart by Ashar's scheming mother who plots with his childhood friend to separate the couple. While the story sounds straight out of a K-serial , the acting is more natural and a lot less dramatic than what's dished out on Indian TV. The clothes and make up are understated, and the homes look like regular middle-class houses, not the palaces that families in many Indian soaps inhabit.Unlike the shy demure heroines in Hindi serials, Khirad is a strong woman who stands up for her rights, and though in love with Ashar, is capable of living alone. Confrontations between Khirad and her mother-in-law are not accompanied by dramatic bursts of music. \"Humsafar was aired every Saturday at 8 pm. I would try and watch all the episodes. I was crazy enough to watch what I missed on YouTube. And believe me, I wasn't the only one,\" says Mehwish Jillani, a young mother from Karachi. She also loves watching Mera Saeen, the story of a feudal politician, and family drama Dil Diya Dehleez.While Kazi feels the sets and costumes look beautiful in Indian serials, she finds them a tad exaggerated, with heroines wearing make-up to bed. \"We want to make more realistic serials for the masses. When they see people just like themselves on screen, going through the same things they do, it helps them find a solution to their own problems,\" she adds.Dareecha, a serial that Kazi acted in, debunks superstition and shows that much of what we think is magic is simply a manifestation of past guilt. Kazi, an avid viewer of the Colors channel, says the new crop of Hindi soaps is also a radical departure from saas-bahu serials.Serials about life in the army are also hugely popular, like Alpha Bravo Charlie \u2014 a story of three young friends in the army\u2014 directed by Shoaib Mansoor of Khuda Ke Liye fame. Dhuwan, one of Pakistan's golden oldies, is about four police commandos.\"The golden era of PTV tele-serials began in Lahore in 1964 with Nazrana, the first drama aired on the channel,\" says Fazil Jamili, editor, internet for Pakistan's Jang group of newspapers. He says the streets wore a deserted look when popular serials of the '80s and '90s like Jangloos, Waaris and Fifty-Fifty were on air.Pakistani serials will help Indians see a very different side of Pakistan and the issues faced by the middle class such as crime, poverty and corruption, says Siddiqi. \"This would show us Pakistanis in a good light, a contrast from the guntrotting, turban-wearing weirdos that have somehow become the general perception of Pakistan,\" says Mehwish, who wants India to appreciate Pakistani talent in much the same way that Pakistanis love Bollywood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15084032", "title": "\u2018Society must change to stop child labour\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: The 14-year-old wanted to study but ended up as a domestic help in Bangalore, acting on the will of a parasitic father and feelings for a mother who toiled daily to feed six mouths. \"I was made to do all sorts of house chores. I also looked after the child of my employers. At times, I was beaten up,\" said the girl, who is now enrolled at a school in Orissa. It took the authorities much effort to convince her father to send her to school.Taking note of such stories, the Prime Minister's wife, Gursharan Kaur, on Saturday said policies and NGOs alone would not be able to weed out child labour and a change in social attitudes was needed.\"If everyone decides that they will not employ children, it will help a lot. It is the poor who send their children to work due to their low earnings. If their own families do not understand the child's rights, who will?\" said Kaur. \"It is not an easy job but we all have to work towards it.\"Kaur was speaking at the National Summit on India Against Child Labour organized by Save the Children , at Constitutional Club of India. The summit brought together activists like actor Farooque Sheikh, members of Bachpan Bachao Aandolan, Bhuvan Ribhu, International Labour Organisation's senior specialist on child labour Sherin Khan, and chairperson of the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights, Shantha Sinha, to demand a complete ban on child labour up to the age of 14 years.Activists said the Child Labour Protection and Regulation Act 1986 does not ban child labour in many agricultural processes, leaving children vulnerable to the menace. Sheikh said while city residents cannot reach out to children working on farms, they can make a start at home. \"If we stop patronizing employers and products that use child labourers, it will act as a deterrent,\" he said.The NCPCR chairperson also said that the attitude of considering child employment as \"charity\" has to end. Pointing out loopholes in the current child labour law, activist Bhuvan Ribhu said: \"The law needs to be revised and points like rehabilitation and criminalization of child labour should be included.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "15084852", "title": "BSF jawan found dead in temple", "text": "AKOLA: The body of a jawan of Border Security Force (BSF) was found in the verandah of a Hanuman temple on Friday. Deceased Vijay Yadav (35), a resident of Tapadia Nagar, was on leave for 15 days. The body was later sent for post-mortem. A case of accidental death was registered and investigations are on.In another incident, the body of Gajanan Thakur of Murtizapur was found on the premises of the district court here on Friday afternoon. He had come to the court for some work.Snake bite claims womanPoonam Damodar of village Ural, who was hospitalized after being bitten by a snake, died during treatment.In an unrelated incident, 35-year-old Jitendra succumbed to injuries at Civil Hospital after he fell off from a running train near Gautam Nagar here on Friday. Investigations are on.Youth ends lifeDevendra Bharti (35) of village Dhaga near here committed suicide by hanging himself from the ceiling of his house. He was an auto driver and was said to be overburdened by loan.Cement plant worker diesRamesh Bajar (40), working at Gujarat Ambuja Cement plant at village Kanheri Gawli near here, met with a tragic end after he fell from the tin roof of the factory on Friday evening. His body was brought to the company premises. The last rites were performed after his family members were assured of financial help.3 hurt in quarrel over witchcraftThree persons were injured and counter-offences were registered on Thursday at village Morzadi after two families clashed with each other over the suspicion of witchcraft.Prakash and Vikas Patil had a quarrel with the other family and objected to their passing from the house suspecting witchcraft. The matter is being investigated.Businessman goes missingBusinessman Harishchandra Santani from Sindhi Camp area was reported missing from the night of July 18. His mobile phone was also switched off.Shobha, wife of the businessman, told the police that she suspected her husband might have been kidnapped for money transaction as he was debt-ridden. He had to make repayment to a Nagpur-based businessman who sent two persons at the house. Her husband had gone out with them and did not return.In an unrelated incident, Vinayak Wadal (20) of village Patonda in Akot tehsil was reported missing from July 1. A police complaint has been filed and investigations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15084463", "title": "Tree count to help develop environment plans", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The first ever tree count taken up by the urban bodies will lead to the formation of a development plan for improving environment of the cities in the state.The state government officials said that a tree survey to estimate tree population in the rural areas, outside the forests of Gujarat, was done in 2003 and 2009, but no such assessment was carried out for the urban parts of the state. Hence in 2011, the social forestry department decided to conduct the first tree counting in all eight municipal corporations, urban authorities areas and 159 municipalities.The main objective of the count was to assess carbon store and also scope of carbon sequestration in the urban areas, to develop plan for improving environment of the cities and towns, to estimate the total number of trees and status of tree cover in the urban areas, to create a baseline information to monitor trend of tree cover in different cities and to find out the preferences of tree species in urban areas.The officials said that to complete the tree census, the social forestry department has joined hands with urban department. The first planning for tree census in urban areas of Gujarat was done in late 2010 and enumeration was completed in 2011. The verification of counting was done in late 2011 and also in January 2012.In Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation area, the tree counting was carried out in cantonment and other areas by the forest department, in schools and institutions it was conducted by teachers and students of the botany department of Gujarat University and municipal school board and in city gardens it was undertaken by park warden department of the municipal corporation. In the census, trees of each species were counted in 11 girth classes, ranging from 10 to over 300 cm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15089591", "title": "Party time, technically!", "text": "Technology has released the world from long spells of torturous boredom, and created a fabulous world of entertainment that helps one a great deal during the rainsAs the monsoon season switches on its power mode to full and makes the boredom almost suicidal (since not many want to step out of the home), technology slips in for the rescue of one and all. Today, technology has enveloped us, in the most comforting and fun way! Entertainment has reached a new level that has the capacity to include, literally, the entire world and connect worldwide, and make almost everything, possible.  V-Party'V parties', or Virtual parties are the new trend among the ones who have taken home entertainment to another level of genius. V parties, where 'we', being the operating word, suggests a universal inclusion. Just sitting at home, through games on social networking sites or even connecting home games onto multi player modes, from a one-on-one, to many players at once, gaming has reached a never before level of dynamism. Many people today host parties, and prefer to literally 'chill' with a few friends , and play virtual games on their LCD screens. And this is especially true for the rainy season. Virtual golf, football , etc., are currently spreading among the techno few, like a wild, or should we say, 'wired' fire. Games such as these, where the difference between the real and virtual is almost hazy, the redefinition of customer experience is phenomenal. With a ready stock of food, drinks and a lively surrounding babble, Virtual Parties get really popular during monsoon season.Tech-savvyIt seems almost medieval to go out and play in the rain, when children today have the option of escaping the rain, and playing indoors. Small children who seem to have been born with the 'click' knowledge, are now happily punching away the keyboards, and tugging at the joysticks, playing car racing games or being absorbed in Massively multiplayer online role-playing game.In a platform like this, many people can get together, assume characters or personalities, and engage in games that are as good as real.Be it games that envisage the reality through high definition, strategy games that get the minds working, or just fun games that spread smiles, gaming is now, an indispensible part of children today, especially during the rainy season, when they are forced to stay indoors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15086219", "title": "Govt fails to tackle food adulteration", "text": "KOCHI: If you go by the data provided by the authorities, the state government has failed to take stringent action against 278 incidents of food adulteration reported in Kerala during the 2004 - 2012 period.This information came to light when Human Rights Defence Forum (HRDF) filed an RTI seeking details of food adulteration and poisoning cases registered in the state.The reply provided by the Government Analytical Laboratory in Thiruvananthapuram said that 95,261 samples were tested here between 2004 and 2012.Out of the total samples provided, 2,190 were found to be adulterated, and authorities initiated action against offenders in 1,912 cases. The court convicted 660 persons responsible for adulteration, while 757 were acquitted. It was revealed that the maximum number of food adulteration cases was detected in Ernakulam district, followed by Thrissur, Thiruvananthapuram and Kozhikode.Though Food Safety Act was enacted on August 5, 2011, it is yet to be enforced in the state. HRDF pointed out that government had failed to establish laboratories to test food samples and appoint officials to facilitate the implementation of the act in the state.\"Once this act is enforced, a person accused of food adulteration resulting in the death of a victim, can be punished with life imprisonment,\" said HRDF general secretary D B Binu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15085553", "title": "Two found murdered in Jaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: Four murders in various parts of the city within 24 hours have rattled the police even as law and order seems to have taken a nosedive.Two youths were found murdered in the Hasanpura and Sanganer Sadar locality on Saturday. The body of a 24-year-old was found at Hasanpura area with burn injuries and the head smashed.In another incident, a 23-year-old youth, a labour contractor, was found murdered in the Sanganer locality.On Friday, a 12-year-boy was reportedly killed due to a family feud in Brahmpuri. A secretariat employee too was found murdered late on Friday. A few morning walkers who visited Birla ground in Hasanpura locality were shocked to see the naked body in the morning. The locals informed the nearby Sodala police station when they saw some dogs gnawing at the body.\"It is a clear case of murder. To make sure that the victim could not be identified the assailants mercilessly smashed the head,\" said Mangu Singh, circle inspector, Sodala.He added that a round net cap found in the trouser pocket that was lying near it and other things suggested that the youth belonged to minority community.\"We are tallying the missing report of Sadar and Sodala police stations to first identify the deceased,\" said a senior police officer.Some of the police officers of Jaipur police commissionerate attributed the sudden rise in crime in the state capital to the 42 transfers of circle inspectors.\"At least 34 out of these 42 transferred circle inspectors of police stations are new and this is why the city is facing these problems. We will attach seasoned officers, especially those who have been working in Jaipur for more than 2 years to improve the results,\" said a senior officer.In another murder case a 23-year-old youth who used to work as a labour contractor was found murdered in Sanganer locality. The victim was identified as Shyam Sundar, whose body was found from an isolated place behind the building of a nationalized bank on Saturday morning.\"The deceased had a drink with one of his friends Neelesh Bhumihar (26). Thus preliminary investigations suggested it is a case of murder for gain. The accused, Neelesh was detained for interrogation and prima facie his role is a bit clear in the murder,\" said a senior police officer from Sanganer police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15093286", "title": "Karnataka records surplus rainfall for last 48-hours", "text": "MANGALORE: Last 48-hours has seen Karnataka record surplus rainfall of 55% and 13% respectively up to 8.30am on Saturday and Sunday respectively even as the statefor the period June 1 to July 22 is facing an overall deficit of 38%. Rainfall over Karnataka in the last 24-hours up to 8.30am on Sunday is considered as scattered since 47% of hoblis and gram panchayats recorded rainfall greater than or equal to 2.5mm.Rainfall was widespread in nine districts; fairly widespread in four; scattered in six; isolated in six others and negligible in five districts in the last 24-hours up to 8.30am on Sunday. Monsoon was vigorous in two districts; active in four, normal in 13, and weak in 11 districts. Three districts recorded very heavy rain; five heavy rain; four rather heavy rain; nine moderate rain; four light rain; and five districts very light rain.Shishila in Belthangady t aluk in Dakshina Kannada di strict recorded maximum rainfall of 226.5mm in the last 24-hours up to 8.30am on Sunday. Widespread, moderate to rather heavy rain was received in Uttara Kannada, Davangere, Kodagu, Udupi, Shimoga, Dakshina Kannada, Bidar, Chikmagalur and Haveri; fairly widespread, rather heavy rain in Hassan, Yadgir, Belgaum and Chitradurga; data released by KSNDMC, Bangalore statesAgainst normal weighted average rainfall of 393.1mm in south-interior, north-interior, malnad and coastal parts, the state received 243.5mm rainfall from June 1 to July 22. For 24-hours period ending 8.30am on July 22, the four geographical regions of Karnataka received 11.1mm actual weighted average rainfall against normal weighted average rainfall of 9.8mm. The coastal districts recorded deficit of 17% compared to other geographical regions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "15085571", "title": "Ramzan, the month of the Quran", "text": "VASCO: Ramzan is the month in which the holy Quran was revealed to prophet Muhammad through the angel Jibreel and it is the duty of every Muslim to observe a fast during Ramzan. Usman Khan, the Imam (one who recites namaz in a masjid), of Salman Farsi Masjid, Kattem-Baina, said that Ramzan is often called the month of the Quran.In the United Arab Emirates , Muslims have already started observing the month of Ramzan from Friday but in India and Goa Ramzan will be observed from Sunday.Markets were seen filled with members of Muslim community shopping for Suhoor (food consumed in the morning before beginning the fast) and Iftar (food eaten in the evening to break the fast). Many parents are also guiding their children who will be fasting for the first time. Many of the Madrasas also give one month vacation for their students so that they can fast and pray with their families.Masjids in several places are also preparing for the occasion. Masjids form committees to organize funds and keep provisions supplied by the people. Elaborating, Avez Mohiddin, a businessman from Zuarinagar, said, \"During Ramzan, we spend most of our time post-sunset in Masjid-e-Noor. There is arrangement made for iftar and dinner everyday for about 300-350 people in our masjid. Separate arrangements are also made for ladies as well.\"Karim Mulla, an event manager from Chicalim, said, \"Fast leads to a disciplined life, with people following certain rules all the time. A Muslim is than sent back to continue with normal duties for eleven months.\"Mohammad Naeem Shaikh, a photographer from Vasco, said, \"In this month, there is a desire in every heart to do good work, to feed the poor, to clothe the naked, to help those in distress, to participate in any good work being done anywhere and to prevent evil.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15085891", "title": "The action begins...", "text": "The blockbuster season has begun in Kollywood. After last week's 'Billa-2' release, Tamil movie fans can look forward to a big film every month for the rest of the year. From the big daddies of the box office, Kamal Haasan ('Vishwaroopam') and Rajinikanth ('Kochadaiyaan'), to the next level of stars such as Vijay and Suriya and other popular actors like Arya and Karthi, the coming months promise to keep the box office busy.If industry buzz is to be believed, 'Vishwaroopam' will release in the second half of August. Expectations are huge as the movie is written and directed by Kamal Haasan and comes after 'Manmadhan Ambu' (2010), which got a lukewarm response. The actor has said that 'Vishwaroopam' is based \"on something that has been in my mind for seven years. I hope it stays in my audience's mind for at least half that time.\"Though Kamal Haasan has not announced when his movie will hit the screens, Tamil film's first caped crusader has already fixed his date with destiny. 'Mugamoodi' is all set to begin his fight against crime from August 31 and maverick director Mysskin looks set for another hit with this martial arts-packed entertainer. The movie has actor Jiiva (who enjoyed unprecedented success with last year's money-spinner 'Ko'), model Pooja Hegde and Narain in the lead roles.'Mugamoodi' will be followed two weeks later by 'Thaandavam', again from the UTV stable. Director Vijay and actor Vikram will be looking forward to recreating their 'Deiva Thirumagal' success, though their latest project is in a different genre, with Vikram playing a cop. With last year's mega flop 'Rajapattai' still fresh in the minds of the audiences, the national-award-winning actor will be looking to prove a point with this racy thriller.Karthi, who is fast rising in Kollywood's star hierarchy with a series of hits - the latest being 'Saguni', which was released last month, and last year's 'Siruthai' - will be trying his luck again with 'Alex Pandian', which is directed by Suraj and has Santhanam and Anushka in major roles, in October. But it is in November that a clash is expected with 'Thuppakki' and 'Maattrraan' said to be eyeing the Diwali slot. If this happens, it will be a repeat of Diwali 2011 when Vijay's 'Velayutham' and Suriya's '7 Aum Arivu' battled for eyeballs. 'Thuppakki' has a lot going for it - Vijay is on a roll with a series of hits behind him, including 'Nanban' earlier this year, and it is also the first time he is working with director A R Murugadoss, whose last release incidentally was '7 Aum Arivu'.'Maattrraan' is the second collaboration of Suriya and director K V Anand after their successful 'Ayan' in 2009. The promo, released recently, created a lot of excitement after it was revealed that Suriya plays conjoined twins, but AGS Entertainment, the studio behind the movie, has not set a release date. \"A song and some computer graphic work remain to be completed. The audio release is planned in August,\" says R Rangarajan, chief financial officer, AGS Entertainment. But all eyes are on the badshah of the global box office, Rajinikanth, who is set to lord over the world in his new avatar as 'Kochadaiyaan'. The movie, made using the revolutionary performance capture technology, has many big names attached to it like actors Sarath Kumar, Deepika Padukone , Jackie Shroff and Nasser , music composer A R Rahman and cinematographer Rajeev Menon, and is widely expected to release on the superstar's birthday, December 12.Adding to the clamour of releases will be 'superstar' directors like Ameer, Bala and Gautham Menon , who command a fan following of their own. Menon said that 'Neethaane En Ponvasantham' would release on October 19, but refused to classify his movie as a \"biggie\". Fans, though, think otherwise, and are waiting for what he and composer Illayaraaja are going to come up with. No date has yet been set for 'Aadhi Bhagavan' (Ameer) and 'Paradesi' (Bala), though they are in their final stages of production. The industry is not complaining. With 'Billa-2' said to have had a bigger opening than last year's blockbuster 'Mankatha', the hope in Kollywood is that the good tidings will continue with the new offerings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15084895", "title": "60-year-old assaulted and robbed by 'charitable' miscreants", "text": "NAGPUR: Robbers are learning to improvise every day and finding new ways to cheat the gullible. On Friday night, three bike-borne people first deliberately collided against 60-year-old Puranlal Sonwane, who was also on a two-wheeler, and then pretended to help by taking him to hospital. Instead, Sonwane was taken to a desolate place and, robbed and assaulted.An alert citizen spotted Sonwane lying with several slashes all over his body and alerted the police. The miscreants also took away his two-wheeler. The victim had to be operated upon on Saturday.Sonwane was returning to his residence at New Pandrabodhi after downing the shutter of the country-liquor shop near Hingna T-point where he has been working as a manager for more than a decade. He was on his Scooty.Near Hingna Road Naka three robbers on a bike hit the Scooty from behind. The three were apologetic and rushed to help Sonwane as soon as he fell. On the assurance that he is being taken to a hospital in Rana Pratap Nagar, Sonawane sat in between two miscreants on his Scooty. He was taken to a desolate place behind Shastri Layout on Jaitala Road.The miscreants attacked Sonwane with a sharp weapon. He was hit on the nose, stomach and also on the leg. The robbers snatched Rs800 from him and sped away with his Scooty.A profusely bleeding Sonwane was spotted in an unconscious state by a local resident. Woman police sub-inspector Vaishali Dhale of Rana Pratap Nagar reached the place with other personnel. Police found Sonwane's mobile phone close by and informed his family about the incident. He was rushed to Government Medical College and Hospital in an unconscious state.Sonwane's Scooty has not yet been traced. \"A wireless message has been sent about the registration number of Sonwane's scooty,\" said WPSI Dhale.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15085554", "title": "'Big cat in Nanashi was poisoned'", "text": "NASHIK: The Peth forest officials confirmed that the leopard that had been allegedly killed by a poacher, Chintaman Soma Bhoye, in the Nanashi forest range on April 17, had been poisoned by him. Bhoye was arrested on July 18 for the offence and was produced in court the same day.Forest officials traced the accused and caught him on July 18 when he was sent to judicial custody by the court.Bhoye, a resident of Chikadi Phata, was caught by the forest officer Kailas Ahire, Range Forest Officer R D Sudrik and other staff under the guidance of Assistant Conservator of Forest Dilip Ghorpade.\"Bhoye had got a plot of land as a beneficiary under the Forest Rights Act 2006 and he was residing there.Interrogations have revealed that the leopard had killed Bhoye's calf on April 14. The following day, Bhoye poisoned the calf's flesh, which the leopard came back to feed on since they usually feed on their prey for two-three days. The leopard died on April 16, and the incident was reported to us on April 17,\" forest officer Dilip Ghorpade said. Bhoye showed officials where her had buried his calf.Doctors Vaishali Thorat and Sanjay Gaikwad confirmed that the calf's flesh had been smeared with posion. \"The forensic department of MERI had come to collect the sample to detect the poison in the flesh. Once the forensic reports come to us legal action will be taken. We will need the report to produce it in the court,\" said Ghorpade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15086709", "title": "Food safety law to come into force from Aug 4", "text": "PATNA: Senior officials of Food Safety and Standards Authority of India (FSSAI) here on Saturday informed traders, food processors and industrialists of the state that Food Safety Standards Act (FSSA) would come into force from August 4, 2012, under which everyone in the food production and supply chain has to be registered and seek license from the local area authorities, state and central government as per turnover and business.At a programme organized by the Bihar Industries Association (BIA) on its premises, the joint director, FSSAI, Kolkata, D P Guha, said everyone in the food supply chain, including small traders, hawkers, itinerant vendors, dhaba owners, roadside snack and tea stalls, apart from other small and big producers, traders and suppliers will have to get registered under the Act before August 4.He said the process of registration and getting license has been made simple, with the minimum registration fee for hawkers and small traders being Rs 100. The FSSA has enabled creation of self-compliance regime in which continuous correct operation and quality food supply would not invite inspection, but any complaint would lead to the FSSAI chasing the erring ones in the food supply chain, Guha said.Before this meet, the BIA had informed its members and others about the importance of FSSA, for which awareness at the national level was being created for about a year. The BIA had invited food producers, traders and also the avid consumers for the meet.Guha said all the Acts, Regulations and Orders for maintaining quality and standard of food items and services in the supply chain management had been amalgamated in the FSSA.Making a power-point presentation, FSSAI's consultant, Shridhar, said the FSSA has made exhaustive safety, sanitary and hygienic conditions mandatory for registration/licensing. He said the State Food Controller can designate any local area licensing/registration office at the municipal and panchayat level for registration and licensing. He said that even the 'prasad' offered and distributed at temples must be of standard and safe for human consumption and this has also been brought under the purview of FSSA, even though it's a non-profitable activity.He said FSSA provided for maintaining safety and standard at any stage of manufacture, processing and packaging of food products. He enumerated the provision of fees, as per the turnover of food processors and others in the food production and supply chain, to be realized as registration/licensing fees by the state and central licensing authorities. License of the food producer, supplier and others in the food supply chain would be suspended or cancelled on non-fulfilment of FSSA provisions for making the food safe and maintaining its standard, he said.The former state food controller and presently expert, Food Analytical laboratory, J K Singh, said 38 ADMs of the state have been trained in enforcement of FSSA to ensure that registration/licensing provisions are fulfilled and food items are safe, hygienic, wholesome and free of contaminants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15086097", "title": "Get ready for hot, sultry days ahead", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If the weather gods showered their blessings generously on Friday, the met department fears that the heavenly spell would soon be over. After days of monsoon showers in the Tricity, there is likely to be a heat wave in the coming days, when sultry conditions would prevail.Surinder Pal, director of the meteorological department, said the coming week will see scorching heat with rising humidity levels. \"There is unlikely to be any rain in the coming week and this will result in more sweltering heat,\" he said.On Friday the temperature was a bearable 32.2 degrees celsius, while on Saturday it stood at 33 degrees celsius. The Tricity had been enjoying low temperature since the arrival of the monsoon, but these weather conditions are not likely to stay for long as the meteorological department predicts rise in temperature.Humidity levels in the air for last week reached up to 93% on Saturday morning resulting in more heat. \"I thought that the showers will bring a respite from the hot weather but the temperature is again going up,\" rued Sunil Kumar, a resident of Sector 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15090934", "title": "A musical tribute to Ranjitsinh Gaekwad", "text": "When Ranjitsinh Gaekwad, scion of the royal family of erstwhile Baroda state, was alive, he had reportedly expressed a desire to listen to singer Gitanjali Rai, a well-known ghazal and satsang singer.While it didn't happen during his lifetime, two city-based organizations dedicated to the promotion of classical music and dance roped in Gitanjali Rai to pay a musical tribute to Ranjitsinh, one of the city's favorite sons, at Sir Sayajiraonagar Gruh recently.The organizations, Ghargharika and Kedar Art Research Centre, have been organizing such memorable programmes for a while for Barodians. And at this musical do, where members from the royal family (Samarjitsinh and Radhikaraje Gaekwad, Shubhanginiraje Gaekwad and Alaukikaraje Gaekwad) were present, Rai took everyone on an emotional musical ride with her soulful rendition.Among others, Mayor Jyoti Pandya and renowned educationist Tejal Amin were also spotted enjoying the proceedings. Gitanjali, who has been trained by renowned personalities like Pandit Pratap Narayan (elder brother of Pandit Jasraj ) of Mewati gharana and famous music director Sardar Malik, was at her musical best and delivered a performance that was fitting for the occasion. The programme was very well attended, which once again emphasized the immense popularity that the late Ranjitsinh Gaekwad enjoys.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15096315", "title": "Achuthanandan 'punished' with public censure by CPM", "text": "NEW DELHI: Senior Left leader VS Achuthanandan, who has been critical of CPM leadership in Kerala over several issues, was today publicly censured by the party on charges of providing opponents an opportunity to attack it.The decision to take disciplinary action against 88-year-old VS, as he is popularly known, for his \"wrong remarks and for violation of the basic norms of the party\" was taken by the CPM central committee after a a two-day meeting which ended here this evening.\"We are not happy to do this. We hope this chapter ends here,\" CPM general secretary Prakash Karat told a press conference.The central committee described him as the senior most leader of the party in Kerala and expected that he act in such a manner which will help the party to unitedly face the current situation.Public censure is the third stage of punishment in CPM. For disciplinary action, CPM has six stages -- warning, censure, public censure, removal from the post in the party, suspension from full party membership for any period but not exceeding one year and expulsion.Achuthanandan, the leader of opposition in Kerala and a member of the central committee, has been at loggerheads with the state party leadership on several issues, including the recent killing of a CPM rebel TP Chandrasekharan.He was also opposed to the decisions taken by his bete noire and Kerala CPM Secretary Pinarayi Vijayan, whose faction had insisted in the central committee that strict action should be taken against Achuthanandan.Earlier in the day, Achuthanandan was called to the meeting of the politburo which was convened after the morning session of central committee. Achuthanandan explained his position in the meeting which was also attended by Vijayan.Karat said the central committee considered a report submitted by the politburo on the prevailing situation in Kerala and party related matters there.\"The central committee noted that Achuthanandan had made certain statements publicly criticising the state leadership of the party and taken some steps which have provided opportunities for the political opponents to attack the Party.\"After the discussion, VS self-critically told the central committee that some of his remarks and actions were incorrect and could have been avoided,\" Karat said.On this basis, he said the central committee decided to publicly censure Achuthanandan for his \"wrong remarks and for violation of the basic norms of the party.\"The central committee expects VS, the senior most leader of the party in Kerala, to act in such a manner which will help the party to unitedly face the current situation,\" a central committee communique said.Karat also claimed that the murder of Chandrasekaran is being utilised to conduct a concerted campaign against the party.\"The central committee condemned the efforts of the UDF government which has directed the police to falsely implicate party leaders and cadres in this case. The party has already declared that it is not involved in the murder of Chandrasekaran and had strongly condemned it.\"The party does not believe in elimination of political opponents,\" Karat said, adding that CPM will conduct an inquiry into the matter to ascertain if there is any involvement of anyone associated with the party in this incident.\"Firm action will be taken if anybody is found to be involved from the Party and any wrong trend if it exists in the Party will be put down firmly,\" he said.He said the central committee asked Kerala state committee to take appropriate action in the matter concerning MM Mani, former secretary of the Idukki district committee of the party who has created controversy by claiming that party had made a list of opponents who should be killed and some of them were murdered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15084104", "title": "Crowd-control system launched at Baidyanathdham temple", "text": "RANCHI: A new system was introduced on Saturday to streamline the system to facilitate crowd management at Baidyanathdham shrine, a day after brawls were reported between administration officials and the priests at Deoghar.From Saturday, the sale of \"Shighra Darshanam\" passes was restricted. Now a person standing in the queue will get only one pass. Earlier, one person standing in the queue was given any number of passes. It caused a stir among the \"kanwariyas\" as few middlemen indulged in black marketing after purchasing dozens of passes and sold them for Rs 600 to Rs 1,000 each. It irked the \"kanwariyas\" following which the district administration and Panda Dharma Rakshini Sabha (PDRS) had to intervene. Each \"Shighra Darshanam\" pass is sold for Rs 500.Deoghar SP Subodh Prasad said, \"The new system will do away with black-marketing of passes. If a devotee can stand in a queue for 15 hours outside, why can't he/she wait for just one hour to get a 'Shighra Darshanam' pass which will facilitate him/her to offer puja in 3 to 4 hours.\"As per an agreement, the PDRS gets 40% share and the district administration gets 60% share of the Rs 500. After the Shravani Mela is over, an agreement will be reached between the two groups. The money ultimately is credited in the name of the priest on whose recommendation the \"Shighra Darshanam\" passes are issued.\"It works as a lure. The priests want to recommend more and more 'kanwariyas' for the passes,\" said a PDRS member. The \"Shighra Darshanam\" facility was introduced last year and this year response to the system is poor. About 13,000 passes have been sold this year while 39,000 passes were sold last year.The Deoghar district administration has decided to increase the number of counters at the pass office. Currently, there are four computerized counters and one manual counter. The working hours of the counter will be increased as well. \"The number will be increased to accommodate more devotees,\" said Subodh Prasad.PDRS president Vinodaat Dwari said, \"We had intimated the district administration of black marketing of 'Shighra Darshanam' passes and resentment among the kanwariyas. But it did not care much and finally the anger of the kanwariyas came to the fore.\"Dwari cited instances of a person buying more than 30 passes and selling them at a premium. \"No common kanwariya who has been waiting for the 'Shighra Darshanam' pass in the queue will like it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "guwahati/ imphal", "code": "15096397", "title": "BJP gets pivot for north east turnaround", "text": "GUWAHATI/ IMPHAL: Even though former Lok Sabha speaker Purno Agitok Sangma could not make it to Raisina Hills, his presidential candidature is set to become a political pivot for the BJP in the northeast. The saffron party is planning to include Sangma into the core group of non-Congress political parties of the region for actively raising issues concerning the northeast with the Centre.\"Even though Sangma could not make it in the presidential poll, the developments will be a stepping stone to success for him. We are seriously planning to form a core group of leaders from non-Congress parties in the region to raise northeastern issues with the Centre. Sangma will be a key figure in the core group, which will be in touch with the BJP's central leadership,\" BJP northeast organizing secretary P Chandra Shekhar said.Shekhar said Sangma getting support from the Tamil Nadu chief minister Jayalalitha and Odisha CM Naveen Patnaik was an achievement for the former Lok Sabha speaker. \"A tribal presidential candidate from the northeast getting support from Jayalalitha and Patnaik is a big achievement both for Sangma and the BJP,\" he added. Asom Gana Parishad (AGP), which supported Sangma in Assam , said that although the outcome of the presidential poll was known much earlier, it would have been a great achievement for the country if it had a tribal from northeast as the President.BJP's Manipur unit president Sh Shantikumar Sharma said: \"It is very unfortunate northeastern people neglected their own candidate. They should have gone beyond party lines,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15086377", "title": "BSc: Rajinder Kaur, Preetjit Kaur are college toppers", "text": "LUDHIANA: City girls Rajinder Kaur and Preetjit Kaur earned a place among Panjab University toppers, bagging second and third rank respectively, in the BSc-III (fashion designing) examination.Guru Nanak Girls College (Model Town) student Rajinder, who resides at Karabara, near Jalandhar Bypass, scored 85.91%, while her classmate Preetjit from Janta Nagar secured 84.04%. \"I just worked hard to achieve this success, which I think is God's way of telling me that I am on the right track. I would now go for MSc to accomplish my dream of becoming a teacher,\" said Rajinder, who teaches at a designing institute as well.She added her success mantra is, \"Putting my heart and soul into what I do. I love dancing and idolize my teacher Nandini Kapoor.\" Rajinder's father Rameshpal Mall, a government employee, said, \"She has made us proud. I hope she gets whatever she has dreamt of in her life.\" Her mother Kuldeep Kaur, a homemaker said Rajinder is the first one in their family to have achieved such academic success.Preetjit's mother Dr Kanwaljit Kaur said her daughter has been interested in fashion designing since she was 10. \"Her hobby was to design dresses for dolls. I know she will succeed in whatever she chooses to do in life,\" she added.Preetjit from Janta Nagar secured 84.04% in her BSc-III (fashion designing) examination. \"I want to open a boutique,\" she said, adding she believes there is no alternative to hard work. Her father Dr Gurdeep Singh said he is happy with Preetjit's performance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15086790", "title": "Admission window narrow for supplementary students", "text": "MANGALORE: The government has extended the last date for admissions for I PU till July 25. But after the recent announcement of SSLC supplementary examination results, doubts have cropped up whether there is enough number of seats available in PU colleges for their admission. Of the 4,069 students who appeared, 1,459 students have passed in supplementary examinations in Dakshina Kannada district.There is a huge demand for PU colleges in Dakshina Kannada from across the state but private colleges will not keep their doors open for these students. There are 179 PU colleges, which include 53 government colleges, 39 aided and 87 unaided colleges. Yet chances of students who have cleared their supplementary examinations getting admission are bleak.Prasanna (name changed), an SSLC student, who passed in the supplementary examinations said: \"I had to appear for supplementary exams as I could not sit for the annual exams due to poor health. But now getting a seat in a private college either in science or commerce stream has become very difficult as leading private colleges have already completed their admission process.\"Deputy director, pre-university education, Rajaveera Indra, said: \"The maximum intake of students per section in private colleges is 80. Since there is a demand for science and commerce stream, admissions in many private colleges are already over. The strength in government colleges is low in the district. Also the seats are not limited to 80 in government colleges. As per rules, government colleges can provide unlimited seats.We can provide admissions to all students, who have passed in supplementary exams. He said, 20 government colleges offer PU in science stream in the district.St Aloysius PU college principal, Fr Elvis Lewis, said: \"If deserving candidates apply in our college, we will provide seats to these students.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15085806", "title": "Dispute over irrigating field claims woman's life", "text": "LUCKNOW: Dispute over irrigating a field resulted in the death of a 50-year-old woman by her nephew when the latter allegedly hit her with a plough on her head on Saturday morning.The victim was identified as Shanti Devi, a resident of Kakori police station area. According to reports, Shanti was busy in rice harvesting at her field at around 11.00 a.m. along with her 20-year-old daughter Priyanka.Adjacent to her field was the field of her brother-in-law Parshuram, whose son Sandeep was doing some work in the field and wanted to construct a temporary drain, which was to pass through the field of Shanti.This resulted in dispute between Shanti and Sandeep. Following the dispute, 22-year-old nephew of Shanti picked up a plough and hit Shanti over her head.This resulted in the death of Shanti on the spot. Following the murder, Sandeep fled the spot leaving the plough in the field.On receiving the news, the police rushed to the spot and started investigation into the matter. On Friday, after irrigating her field, Shanti along with her daughter dismantled the temporary drain, which was in her field.The water from the drain used to go to Sandeep's field passing through Shanti's field.Since it was broken by Shanti and her daughter, Sandeep came to the field in the morning to construct the temporary drain.However, the same was objected to by Shanti and her daughter.This resulted in heated exchange of words between Sandeep and Shanti. Sandeep, in a fit of anger, picked up a plough and hit Shanti on her head. The blow was so hard that Shanti fell on the ground and died on the spot and fled the spot.The police said that the matter is being investigated and efforts were being made to nab Sandeep.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15084284", "title": "Woman doctor \u2018kills\u2019 self, leaves behind note written in Jan", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 41-year-old woman committed suicide at her home in Govindpuri on Saturday. The woman, Sushma, worked as a chief medical officer and was in charge of dispensaries run by municipal corporations, police said.Police found a two-page suicide note supposedly written by Sushma in January this year; but her family said she didn't write it. A case was lodged.Sushma, an alumna of Maulana Azad Medical College, lived with her husband of 15 years, Kahlil Ansari. Around 1.30am on Saturday, Ansari found his wife hanging from the ceiling fan and alerted the cops even as he rushed her to Batra Hospital. There, she was declared brought dead. Cops then took custody of the body and sent it for postmortem to AIIMS. \"We are awaiting the postmortem report and further investigation depends on what comes in that. We are probing the case from all angles,\" said a senior police officer.Sushma's brother, Jugal Kishore, who is a doctor at Maulana Azad Medical College, said, \"I had visited her on Friday on the occasion of Teej. The couple had an argument over money. Her husband had locked himself in a room after the argument. I left at 10pm and before leaving I had requested him to avoid these fights.\"The note dated January 20 mentions that she knew a man who had claimed he was in love with her and had borrowed Rs 5 lakh from her and never returned. As per the note, when she asked for money, \"he threatened to kill my husband and threatened to do so with my children also\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15086266", "title": "Price spiral in food items upsets budgets", "text": "CHANDIGARH: There has been a sharp and perceptible hike in prices of essential commodities over the past 20 days. From Rs 32 to Rs 37 a kg, sugar tastes none too sweet while rajma at Rs 110 as against Rs 90 a kg is also not leaving a good taste in the mouth. What's more the price spiral is not showing any signs of abating.A review of retail prices of everyday food items in the city shows that many of them have seen a hike of about 40%. The wholesale market of the city is all dependent on Delhi. As traders purchase pulses from Delhi so if they get pulses on a higher rate from there, they increase the prices here too. As a consequence the retail shops of the city which are dependent on wholesalers hike the prices, leaving little margin for profit. The wholesalers are blaming the price hike on drought and less rain across the country, which affected sowing of pulses, resulting in the price hike. Sunita Dhingra, a resident of Sector 37 said \"If my food bill increases, the money left for everything else shrink too. My salary, is not a bottomless pit\".Rupinder Kaur of Sector 28 says, \"I was thinking for organizing a get-together in my home but now have cancelled my plan as it will upset by monthly budget\". Vishal Sharma, a resident of Sector 7 said, \"I can't believe that what I was paying for cereals was now 40% more than what I had paid last month. Bhimsen Garg, president of the Grain Market Association, Sector 26 said that they are helpless as they have to increase the prices because the rates for pulses and other food articles that they are getting from Delhi is 40% higher .He said that the market is totally dependent on Delhi and it's because of the drought that the prices had shot up in the past 20 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15086558", "title": "Samajwadi Party leader killed", "text": "VARANASI: A Samajwadi Party leader Baleshwar Bind was killed by some unidentified miscreants at Baghera Kalan village under Jigna police station in Mirzapur district on Saturday. According to reports, Bind was going somewhere in the morning when the miscreants attacked him with sharp edged weapons. The seriously injured SP leader succumbed to wounds. In protest against the killing, his supporters indulged in stone pelting on buses and also tried to torch some buses in Beharsara market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15085346", "title": "Cops pull off a chain feat", "text": "KOLKATA: Two constables pulled a gold chain all the way out of a snatcher's throat after chasing him for a mile in Garfa on Saturday evening. The crook had snapped Nandita Biswas' chain and made a run for it. But two beat constables responded just in time to see snatcher Sanatan Singh turn a corner. They caught up with him in a blind alley. Huffing and puffing, Sanatan tried to stuff the chain down his throat but the equally breathless cops jumped him. One held him by the throat as the other caught the chain and prised it out inch by inch. \"She was very lucky to get the chain back,\" said an officer.\"They are lucky that the miscreant was caught at that place. Otherwise, if the snatcher could cross the lane then it would be difficult for our men to round him up,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15085353", "title": "Speed up all water, sewage works: minister", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Haryana Public Health minister, Kiran Choudhary has directed officers in her ministry to complete all ongoing water supply and sewerage projects in a time-bound manner in all districts including Gurgaon.The minister gave detailed instructions at a meeting of superintending engineers and senior officers of the department. She also directed the deputy commissioner, P C Meena, Gurgaon, on the telephone to immediately remove encroachments in Sohna.Chaudhary has directed the Gurgaon district administration to remove \"encroachments\" on a 2.5-acre piece of land on Sohna Road that belongs to the department. The Gurgaon district administration has prohibited construction on the said piece of land.Earlier, the minister had claimed that the land was earmarked for setting up of a sewage treatment plant for Sohna but since it had been shifted the land is lying unutilized. Now, this land being in a prime location (opposite Sohna bus stand), is worth crores and the department will utilize it for its future activities, said the minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15083883", "title": "Best moment of my career: Anirban Lahiri", "text": "MUMBAI: Playing his maiden Major, Anirban Lahiri has already 'lived the moment'. Long hailed as one of the most promising golfers in India, Lahiri became the first Indian to register a hole-in-one in a Major championship. He did it in the third round of the British Open, on the par-3 165-yard ninth hole at the Royal Lytham &amp; St Annes with a nine-iron that landed on the right edge of the green before rolling into the cup, only to spark wild celebrations by fellow pros and spectators.\"It's the best golfing moment I ever had. Never thought it could happen. It was simply fantastic. The ace is probably the icing on the cake. It wasn't easy to play that hole but I had played it yesterday. A similar yardage just helped my case,\" an elated Lahiri told TOI from Lancashire after ending the day at even par 210 with a bogey on the final hole halting his upward surge on the leaderboard. \"The bogey could have been avoided but I am not thinking much about it. I played into the fairway bunker so that did make things a bit difficult,\" he added.The presence of his father, Dr Col Tushar Lahiri, who introduced him to the game at the age of eight, on the sidelines also boosted his confidence. \"I was stunned... Didn't know how to express myself and then I saw my dad jumping amongst the crowd, blowing kisses. He was so thrilled... He was my lucky charm,\" said the world No. 226, for whom this was the fourth ace of his pro career.His choice of local caddy Rob Gibson also helped his cause. \"I think that was a great decision. Rob's knowledge of the greens is very good and that helped me a lot,\" he said. Asked about the prevailing conditions on the course, Lahiri said: \"Today's weather was the best but the course is a tough mental test and that is evident in the way many top-ranked players were struggling.\"Lahiri, who was part of the 2006 Doha Asian Games silver medal-winning team, has come a long way since his amateur days. He faced some initial struggle after turning pro but began getting the results in 2009 when he clinched the PGTI Order of Merit with two wins and seven top-10 finishes. The same year he registered five top-10s on the Asian Tour as well.In 2010, he registered three top-10s from 19 starts on the continental tour, while he had three victories and seven top-10s on the national circuit. The very next year, his wait for the maiden Asian Tour triumph ended with the Panasonic Open after a three-way playoff with local lad Manav Jaini and Singapore's Mardan Mamat at the Delhi Golf Club.This year has been a great year for Lahiri so far as he has clinched three top-10s from 10 events on the Asian Tour besides his SAIL-SBI Open win at the DGC in February.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15084955", "title": "Jundal moves into Kasab's lockup", "text": "MUMBAI: City crime branch's lockup is terror suspect Zabihuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal's first home in Mumbai. This ground-plus-three-storey building within the premises of the police commissionerate at Crawford Market will be Jundal's interrogation room-cum-bedroom. It is the same lockup where 26/11 gunman Ajmal Kasab had been lodged during investigations.The lockup is a drab room that has, in the past, housed don Dawood Ibrahim's brother Iqbal Kaskar, Dawood aide Ejaz Pathan, actor Salman Khan , film financier Bharat Shah and actor Sanjay Dutt. The building is guarded by at least six armed cops. Security in and around the building was beefed up further on Saturday soon after Jundal was sent in the crime branch's custody.Next to the lockup building is the office of crime branch's Unit 1, which is investigating 26/11 terror attack cases. All the 26/11 cases have been clubbed together. Additional commissioner of police Ashok Durraphe, the chief investigating officer, also sits in the neighbouring building. Crime branch bosses and other investigators, too, are in the next building. The compound has offices of police commissioner Arup Patnaik, three joint commissioners, two additional commissioners and around half a dozen deputy commissioners of police.There are two policemen on each floor. Additional cops have been outside Jundal's cell. An extra police vehicle wo-uld accompany the vehicle he is ferried in. This would make Jundal better guarded than Iqbal Kaskar was.\"Each floor in this building has four small cells. There is no fan or pillows. Two tubelights service the passageway for the four rooms. An accused gets food prepared by a government-approved contractor and water from a common tap,\" said a police official. However, the police do not want to take any risk and additional tubelights have been installed in his cell. The lockup is monitored with CCTV cameras.Currently, there are prisoners on the first floor; the two upper floors are empty. For security reasons, no other prisoner would be lodged on Jundal's floor. The lockup is considered one of the safest places to keep an accused, as no civilians or visitors are allowed there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15084589", "title": "Dalit principal attacked inside chamber", "text": "MADURAI: A dalit principal at a government college in Sivaganga was allegedly attacked inside his chamber.Even though the accused claimed he attacked the principal as he denied his ward a seat in the institution, the principal said some professors whom he asked to report for duty on time were behind the incident. On June 6, Jagannathan, then heading the physics department of Mannar Duraisingam Government Arts College, Sivaganga, was made acting principal. Talking to TOI, he said he was being targeted by non-dalit professors. \"Some of the disciplinary actions introduced by me, according to them, were unacceptable. Some professors were regularly coming late. Even though I raised this issue in meetings, they didn't listen to me. They were angry with me due to this. On July 13, an outsider walked into my room and attacked me with a knife. When I fell down, he attacked me on my left leg. Some attenders soon came to my rescue,\" said Jagannathan.S Shankar, the inspector investigating the case, told TOI the police had arrested the accused. \"Muthukumar, the accused, is a habitual drunkard. He told us the principal demanded Rs 2,000 from him as bribe for getting a seat for his daughter in the college. When we asked the principal about this, he flatly denied the allegation. He even told us he had no enemies in the college. I don't know why he now comes up with strange reasons like professional enmity,\" said Shankar.However, C J Rajan, of People's Watch, a Madurai-based NGO, said the fact-finding team, led by him, found that it was a clear case of atrocity against the dalit.\"The police is supporting the accused and by doing that they are protecting the professors who were involved in the incident. We have clear evidence that Muthukumar was sent to the college by some non-dalit professor to attack the principal,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15093986", "title": "Cash-for-bail: Mining baron Gali Janardhan Reddy's relative arrested", "text": "HYDERABAD: Andhra Pradesh Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) has made another arrest in the cash-for-bail scandal involving former Karnataka minister Gali Janaradhan Reddy.Guduru Dasaratharami Reddy, a businessman who is one of the accused in the case pertaining to bribing of CBI judge Pattabhirama Rao to get bail for Janardhan Reddy in Obulapuram Mining Company (OMC) scam, was arrested last night.Dasaratharami, a relative of mining baron Janaradhan Reddy, was produced before the special ACB court today, which remanded him in judicial custody till August 3.With this, nine persons are now in jail in connection with the scandal, including judge Pattabhirama Rao (now suspended), two other lower court judges and retired judge T V Chalapathi Rao.Pattabhirama Rao, additional special judge for CBI court, had granted bail to Janardhan Reddy while rejecting the bail plea of suspended IAS officer Y Srilakshmi in the same case.Amid allegations of bribery against Pattabhirama Rao, the Andhra Pradesh high court suspended him on May 31, while transferring the probe to the ACB.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15086553", "title": "60-yr-old woman dies of suspected cholera in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: A 60-year-old woman died and at least 60 others have been hospitalized with acute diarrhea. Some of these patients are suspected to be suffering from cholera.Doctors at Kilpauk Medical College said one of the four children admitted to the hospital in the last couple of days had tested positive in the 'level one' test (hanging drop) for cholera.A private hospital, too, confirmed that another patient had tested positive in the preliminary test. But Chennai Corporation said it would wait for results from culture tests, considered the gold standard in cholera diagnosis.\"We will not be able to confirm an outbreak unless the culture shows positive. Samples have been sent and we are awaiting results,\" said city health officer Dr P Kuganantham.Most of the patients were treated at the Government Kilpauk Medical College hospital and the Communicable Diseases Hospital in Tondiarpet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15084611", "title": "65 take admission in degree pharma colleges", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The admission process for diploma pharmacy students who are given direct admission in the second year of degree pharmacy colleges was completed on Saturday. While there were 2,580 seats which were to be filled, only 65 students took the admission.In yet another shocker to the pharmacy colleges which are finding themselves increasingly deserted by students, majority of 2,515 degree pharmacy seats reserved for diploma pharmacy students have remained vacant.\"The worst situation came to light when only 131 students applied for the admission. However, less than 50 per cent of them actually took the admission,\" said an admission committee official.Meanwhile, admissions for 2,600 seats in Master of Engineering courses will begin from Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15085658", "title": "Amorphous Uttar Pradesh Board all set to updates its syllabus", "text": "LUCKNOW: Science subjects in UP Board's class XI and XII are all set to enter a new orbit, as the Uttar Pradesh Madhyamik Shiksha Parishad has decided to update the syllabus for intermediate classes. The changes have been made in sync with the syllabus offered by Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE).Director Madhyamik Shiksha Parishad Basudev Yadav said, \"The changes in the syllabus have been made, so that more UP Board students crack the national level competitive engineering and medical examinations. It is an effort to bring uniformity in syllabus.\" The board has also taken care to include topics that are included in competitive examinations like IIT-JEE, AIEEE, CPMT and other national level exams. This has been done as per the directions given by National Council of Educational Research and Training (NCERT).According to the board officials, this year, class IX students will see the change in the syllabus and accordingly, next year, changes will be made in class XII syllabus. While elaborate changes have been done in biology, few additions and deletions of topics are done in physics, chemistry and mathematics. No changes, however, have been made in the examination pattern.Among the major changes done in class XII syllabus includes adding topics like Pascal's law, thermal expansion, optics, electro-statistics, magnetic effect and magnetism in physics. In mathematics, linear inequality, mathematical reasoning, differential equation and three-dimensional geometry are the new topics. In chemistry, students will now study additional topics of polymer, ionic invasion, chemistry in everyday life, electro-statistics, metallurgy and others. However, in biology, the board has added two units in paper I and one unit in paper II which deals with diversity of living world.Principal and teachers of various schools appreciated the board's move. \"The syllabus of UP Board was outdated. This majorly affected students in appearing and qualifying the competitive examinations. It was after a long time that a positive change has been taken by the board in the interest of the students,\" said RP Mishra, principal, Queen's Inter College. The board has directed all schools in the state to impart education as per the new syllabus from academic session July 2012-13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15090978", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee voted India's 13th President", "text": "NEW DELHI: UPA nominee Pranab Mukherjee will be India's 13th president. He got the overwhelming support of parliamentarians in the President's election on Sunday as he crossed the half way mark and won the presidential elections by a landslide margin. He defeated his close rival BJP-backed P Sangma. Pranab Mukherjee got a vote value of 5,58,194, crossing the required half-way mark of 5,25,140 after counting of votes in half the states was over.Pranab led Jammu and Kashmir and surprisingly in Jharkhand where BJP shares power with JMM. In BJP-ruled Himachal Pradesh Mukherjee trailed as expected.In 68-member Himachal Pradesh Assembly, Mukherjee got 23 votes while Sangma won 44 votes. One vote was invalid. Mukherjee's vote value was 1173 while it was 2244 for Sangma.Jammu and Kashmir gave Mukherjee 68 votes while Sangma got 15 votes. Two votes were declared invalid. Mukherjee's vote value here stands at 4896 while Sangma got 1080. The Assembly has 87 MLAs.In 81-member Jharkhand Assembly, Mukherjee got 60 votes while Sangma won 20. Mukherjee's vote value is 10560 while Sangma's stands at 3520.There has been apparent cross-voting in Karnataka where BJP runs a government. UPA candidate Pranab Mukherjee got the majority votes in the 224 member Assembly with 117 MLAs voting for him. Sangma could get only 103 votes while three votes were invalid. One MLA did not vote.The value of votes polled by Mukherjee was 15327 while it was 13493 for Sangma.Fifteen votes including that of SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav were invalid.Counting of ballots began amidst tight security in Parliament House here in the presence of authorised representatives of both Mukherjee and Sangma.The ballot boxes of votes cast in Parliament House were taken up first for counting after which those from the states will be opened.Authorised representatives inspected the seals of the ballot boxes and the counting began after ascertaining that they were not tampered with.All the ballot boxes from the states had reached Parliament House yesterday and were kept in a strong room.The UPA constituents and its key supporting parties like SP, BSP, RJD and others had supported Mukherjee. Besides, he also got the support of opposition parties like Shiv Sena and JD(U).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15084501", "title": "BMC all set to spend Rs 980cr on road work", "text": "MUMBAI: The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) is all set to spend Rs 980 crore on concretization and improvement of asphalt roads. TOI has learnt that the civic body will float the tenders in the next few days and the work will most likely begin in October.The BMC, having caught flak from all quarters because of the pathetic condition of roads in the city, will introduce a slew of measures to ensure quality work. While everything looks hunky dory on paper, it remains to be seen how the civic body will keep the same cartel of contractors at bay.Additional municipal commissioner Aseem Gupta told TOI, \"Tenders worth Rs 980 crore will be floated soon. We will take comprehensive measures to ensure quality of roads improves to a great extent.\"The BMC, said sources, will focus on ushering in more transparency and using the best technology so that roads last for a longer time. Sustainability of roads will be the key area of concern. To begin with, the civic body will use mastic asphalt, as recommended by the IIT, for side strips. \"Paver blocks used as side strips have failed. Agencies that undertake trenching for utilities will be asked to use mastic asphalt,\" said Gupta.After repeated complaints that contractors were not following the standing technical advisory committee's recommendations, the BMC has decided to use ground penetrating radar (GPR) machine. The sonography machine will allow the BMC to keep a tab on the required depth of each layer during laying of roads. Instead of buying the GPR machine, the BMC will use it on a pay-per-kilometre basis.The BMC will also use the road scanner machine, which can capture all details pertaining to the condition of the road it is moving on. \"From potholes to undulated surfaces, every minute detail will be scanned by this vehicular machine,\" said an official.Road auditing, too, will see a change. Unlike last year when only SGS Ltd was appointed as the third party auditor, to check quality of major and minor roads, the BMC will invite government-certified inspection agencies. \"We have received a list of eight agencies and will see which ones are ready to work at our rates,\" said Gupta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15084938", "title": "Where youth's discussions veer to country-building", "text": "Surrounded by lush green forests, the SEARCH campus is located on the outskirts of Gadchiroli town seems to be an unlikely venue for a group of young professionals to gather and discuss about 'society building'. The NGO, managed by Dr Abhay Bang, is providing a common platform for youth to engage, self-educate and decide on how they can make a difference to the society.About 50 youths are part of the special camp called 'Nirman' which, according to Bang, is a 'cohort of youngsters who are growing together, share similar ideals and are educating themselves for the betterment of society'.Started in 2006, Nirman brought together a group of youth aged between 18-28 years and who are looking to give meaning to their lives. Amrut, Bang's younger son who actively manages Nirman, said, \"We conduct three camps in a year and every camp has a specific purpose. They are held in January, July and December. In the first camp, the participants basically try to 'find' themselves. In the second, we send the participants to live with tribals or in villages to observe their lives. Finally, the participants get together and discuss what can be done to solve the problems and we also have experts coming in to share their experiences.\"Bang adds, \"We do not tell the participants what the problem is with our society, they have to find it themselves. When they go out and live in villages they themselves figure out what the problem is. There is no right or wrong answer, someone might believe it is sanitation, for others it could be lack of roads or electricity etc.\"When participants come back for the third camp, they have a clear idea about the problem and how it can be solved. Since the participants come from a varied mix of professions everyone tries to contribute in their own way. One of the participants, Akash Badave, is a recent graduate from BITS-Pilani and has been selected for the prestigious Prime Minister's Rural Development Fellowship. \"I am an engineer and I believe that technology, environment and social development can certainly go together. At Nirman, I met a lot of youngsters who share the same ideas and also give feedback on how ideas can be turned into reality,\" he said.Suhas Shijam, a Zilla Parishad teacher from Ratnagiri, strongly believes that education is the only way to solve \"our society's problems\". \"Here I have been talking to other IT professionals on how we can have a technological support to make sure education reaches every corner of the society. Just coming to Nirman has opened up various avenues for me to develop myself socially and also ponder upon issues that plague our society,\" he said.One of the unique aspects of Nirman is that participants are at various stages of self realization. Postgraduate student Priti Bangal is one who is still trying to figure things out. A resident of Pune, Bangal has a keen interest in environment and is doing her master's in biodiversity from the local university. \"I came to Nirman as I want to be part of meaningful change in society as far as environment is concerned, but at this stage I am trying to figure out what that path is. At Nirman I am getting inputs from like-minded youth and I am sure that in a couple of years there will be clarity on the path I need to take,\" said Bangal.At the other end of the spectrum is Venkatesh Iyer, who now works full time with Bang. Popularly known as Venky, the 43 year-old could be described as the 'Monk who sold his Ferrari' and found solace in simplest pleasures of life. \"I work here at SEARCH and love to interact with participants who attend Nirman. I was working in the corporate world in Mumbai and a couple of years ago decided to just call it quits.\"Since 2010, Venky has shifted to Gadchiroli and is now at \"peace with myself\". \"Here I try to live with nature; I do not use electricity and I don't wear footwear at all even when I travel to Mumbai for work. I have no regrets of leaving the comforts of life, in fact I don't think I could have been happier,\" he says.As Bang puts it, Nirman is truly a gathering of like-minded individuals \"who will grow together and, hopefully, make a difference\". It is probably, a Nirman (to build) of a better India in the future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15085124", "title": "With eBooks, Indian publishers turn new page", "text": "On September 14, 2011, well-known bookshop Borders closed its last New York store. By the end of the month, this chain of bookstores with 226 outlets in the US had shut shop. That itself was indicative of the churning in the publishing industry of the world's largest books market, the US. Sale of printed books was declining and those of eBooks rising. It's the same story elsewhere in the West, where this industry is seeing a growth in eBooks. However, India is yet to see a similar impact.But change may be imminent. According to a FICCI report, India has an estimated 600 million book readers and, with Penguin, the country's largest English publisher, releasing 250 new titles from the last week of June, eBooks seem to have finally found a foothold. The books include 'The Book of Buddha', 'Dreams in Prussian Blue', 'Farewell Song' and 'Ideas of a Nation: Subhash Chandra Bose'.HarperCollins too should be ready to announce its e-titles in a month's time, while ACK Media, publishers of 'Amar Chitra Katha' among other popular titles, have gone on record saying they would launch eBooks this year. They, however, declined to be a part of this story.\"The driver for the eBooks market is the usage of computers, internet and mobile phones. And India is not just a rapidly growing market for new technology, but technology itself has evolved enough for comfortable reading on various devices,\" says Ananth Padmanabhan, VP (sales), Penguin India.According to the latest World Bank report, India has 70 mobile subscriptions per 100 people with one of the highest average mobile data speeds. Padmanabhan says the bigger challenge, however, is to see how many e-readers the country can have.India doesn't have a mass-scale reading tradition. According to FICCI's report, India has a low per capita expenditure on books per annum \u2014 Rs 80 as compared to Rs 4,000 in the UK.However, Lipika Bhushan, head (marketing), HarperCollins, says that the figure for users of various e-devices is constantly growing. \"Most of these are young Indians who are very active online. Though no publisher can say with surety what impact these figures will have on the eBooks market, a change will positively come.\"Rahul Srivastava, director (sales &amp; marketing), Simon &amp; Schuster India, says, \"According to a survey conducted this year among 10 countries, nowhere have more people bought and downloaded eBooks than in India, where 24% have tried at least one.\"This is also that chunk of readership which has made genres like metro reads and college romances popular, adds Bhushan. \"About 5-7 years ago, a bestseller would be sold in the range of 3,000-5,000, but now 50,000 is nothing.\" Padmanabhan concurs, \"About a decade back, Penguin bestsellers sold 10,000-15,000 copies; today, that figure stands at half-a-million.\"The biggest push for eBooks comes from the growth of online shopping.Flipkart, the largest online bookstore in India, was established in 2007 and broke even in March 2008. According to FICCI, Flipkart claims to have at least 100% growth every quarter since its founding. Flipkart CEO Sachin Bansal in a report on book piracy mentioned that the estimated size of the online book market here stood at Rs 1 billion in 2011.The figures for book publishing in India are no less impressive \u2014 it's estimated to have an annual turnover of $1 billion, making it the the seventh largest book publisher in the world and the third largest market for English books. No wonder Bhushan says that the eBooks market in India is an addition to the physical books market and not an alternative \u2014 precisely why publishers are cautious about pricing.While in the West an eBook may come for one-tenth of the price of an actual book, in India that would mean the industry hurting its own hand as it has one of the cheapest prices for books.But that is an issue that is likely to be sorted out soon. And publishers' optimism about a healthy eBooks market in India in the next five years may not be misplaced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15085838", "title": "Ragini Krishnan\u2019s devotion towards Krishna reflects in her murals", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The twin influences in Ragini Krishnan's life have merged to fulfil her dream. Her faith in Lord Krishna and her passion for paintings have taken the form of mural paintings and her works will be displayed at an exhibition in Hyderabad in September.There's a story behind this influence. \"I used to go to Trichambaram temple in Kannur as a young girl and my devotion grew gradually. I danced as Krishna in 'Kaaliya Mardanam' when I was in primary school,\" said Ragini. Though Ragini liked to paint during childhood, she received training from artist Prince Thonnakkal only two-and-a-half years ago. Ragini has finished 16 paintings over a period of two years.\"She has done a commendable job,\" said noted director Adoor Gopalakrishnan who inaugurated the preview of the exhibition on Saturday. \"Her work is impressive. It is time mural painting broke the conventional themes of Hindu religious mythologies and took up epic level social issues,\" said sculptor and painter Kanayi Kunhiraman.\"I am excited and a little nervous about the responses I will receive after my first exhibition. My husband Kunhikrishnan has been extremely supportive and I can't thank him enough,\" she said. For her next set of paintings, Ragini will seek inspiration from 'Shakuntalam'. \"Right now I have Shakuntalam on my mind. I am not sure if I'll go ahead with it,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15092894", "title": "Ghantasala adorns stamps", "text": "Ghantasala Venkateswara Rao was a legendary Indian playback singer and music composer of Telugu films, Hindi and many other languages South Indian languages.He was the first movie singer-composer of the South in whose memory a stamp and first day cover was released in the year 2003 by the Govt. of India. On 11 February 2003, a stamp was released in honor of Ghantasala at Telugu Lalita Kala Toranam, Hyderabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15088822", "title": "Eega piracy busted", "text": "In what was a first for Tollywood's anti-piracy cell, a theatre owner in the state was arrested for facilitating the piracy of latest flicks. At a press conference held to announce the seizure of Sri Gowrishankar theatre in Chittoor district, T-town sent out a clear warning to AP's notorious piracy industry. Talking about the latest technology employed by the cell to crackdown on the case, Suresh Babu, president of the Producers Council, says, \"We are getting a forensic watermarking detection done on every pirated copy of \" Eega\" that we can lay our hands on. This technology can pinpoint the exact print used to make a copy. And that's how we found out that the movie was being shot off-the-screen on a camcorder in this theatre in Chittoor. Their licence will be barred and the owner is behind bars. Be it distributors, exhibitors or downloaders, nobody will be spared.\" The anti-piracy body also revealed that stern action will be taken against all the download-happy Tollywood buffs. The anti-piracy-cell is in possession of a database of IP addresses that have come under the scanner. \"Downloading pirated copies of movies is a crime. We have a database of IP addresses of NRIs who are frequent downloaders. We are sharing them with the immigration authorities and this will have consequences on their Green-card applications. Consider it a warning \u2014 stop endorsing piracy,\" says director Rajamouli. In fact, AP Anti-Piracy cell is working closely with the government to bring about laws that will make downloading a punishable offense. \"When you are downloading content from any P2P (peer to peer) platforms like torrents, you also become up-loaders and are abetting piracy. We are working with the government to make downloading movies a legal offence,\" says Raj Kumar, Chairman, AP Anti Piracy Cell. \"We also have evidence against two more theatres indulging in this practice and we will take action soon,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15086160", "title": "Testing the waters to help Periyar flow for ever", "text": "KOCHI: We consider it a floating garbage dump. None spares a thought while polluting its waters with human waste and industrial effluents. Periyar is a lifeline for millions. But we ignore her historic relevance in moulding the socio-economic and cultural epochs of Kerala. Stories of her losing battle for survival have become a routine.It was at this juncture that the Times of India decided to map the river with a view to auditing the eco-degradation throughout its course.Our concern was shared by Shivdas B Menon, managing director, Sterling group of companies. Technicians and laboratories of his Sterling Laboratories Pvt Limited were ready to take the thought forward.After several rounds of brainstorming we identified the focus areas and decided to test the waters for some of the basic parameters that are used in testing drinking water qualities. Altogether 13 parameters, including colour, turbidity, pH value, hardness, presence of calcium, magnesium, total alkalinity, chlorides, sulphates, iron and dissolved oxygen were identified. Samples, collected from 24 points in sterilized bottles, were also tested for coliforms and E.Coli. Our initiative wouldn't have been possible but for the support by a young group of dedicated environmental activists from Plan @ Earth under Suraj Abraham.Suraj and his group have been working on different green issues plaguing Kerala. Setting an example, they used an electric car for their travel to collect the samples. And the exercise, while giving them a new insight into the issue, also made them more aware about the plight of a river flowing quietly into a slow but sure death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15084931", "title": "24X7 pilot project fails to give desired results", "text": "NAGPUR: Even after seven months of completion the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has failed to achieve the desired results in the much-hyped 24X7 water supply pilot project. So much so, the water losses are still pegged at 27% as against the target of 15%.The pilot project, which was basically a demonstration of 24X7 water supply scheme, was implemented in few areas of Dharampeth Zone. The project, which was approved on March 21, 2006, under JNNURM, was to be completed by September 2009 at a cost of Rs25 crore.Though confusion prevails over completion date, the officials from NMC's JNNURM Cell said that the project was declared as completed in December 2011. The NMC's monthly progress report of JNNURM projects issued for the month of June this year had mentioned about extended date of the project to March this year. In the same report, the date of completion of works is mentioned as March 2011 in physical progress column. In the report available with the NMC's water works department, the completion date is given as August 31, 2011.However, the delay has increased the cost to Rs38.43 crore according to the report. The main objective of the project was to supply and encourage the citizens to consume water directly from the taps and not from storage. According to the water experts, any water stored is prone to be contaminated. Therefore, the project was named as 24X7 water supply and aimed to reduce the health hazards. But not a single family covered under the pilot project does so.The second aim was to reduce the high water losses which were estimated at 50% before the project. According to the report provided by executive engineer Shashikant Hastak, the water losses are 27% which is still 12% short of target. The losses are still high despite replacement of old and leaking pipelines and all water meters. Total 32% of existing water network was replaced under the project. Of total 179 public taps, 175 were shut down. The water connections were increased from 1,657 to 5,318 in slum areas. Still, the losses are high. Besides, the water consumption has increased in the pilot project area instead of decreasing, as was targeted. Total 43 MLD was supplied to the area before the project and now it stands at 54.40 MLD.By bringing all slum-dwellers under the water bill purview, the number of consumers in the pilot area has increased to 16,189 from 11,339. But all the consumers have not been supplied water round the clock. The 24 hours supply is provided to 14,951 consumers while the remaining get 12-16 hours supply.One silver lining is that the billed volume has increased from 21.65 MLD to 39.85 MLD. Besides, 94% consumers have been given water bills as per meter reading as against earlier figure of 34%. Another successful point is increase in water pressure from 2-18 metre as against earlier pressure of 2-6 metre.After learning the lessons from the pilot project, NMC implemented the 24X7 project in entire city from March 1, 2012. In pilot project NMC took five years to complete the project covering 16,000 consumers. How long will it take to cover 2 lakh consumers is anybody's guess.However, Hastak exuded confidence saying, \"Losses will be reduced by undertaking few works in the coming days under the expansion project. The pilot project was successful and appreciated by one and all.\"13 projects to be complete by Dec 2013The NMC has to complete 13 more projects sanctioned under JNNURM by new a deadline - December 2013. Centre sanctioned 19 projects since 2006 under phase-I of JNNURM and approved Rs1,581.23 crore. All projects were to be complete by March 31, 2012. But the NMC could complete just six including Kanhan water treatment plant, pilot project of 24X7 water supply, purchase of 240 Starbuses, water leak detection, energy audit of water system and expansion and upgradation of water system. The Centre had given different deadlines to the pending projects but all have to be complete by December 2013. The important projects pending include 24X7 water supply, Pench-IV water treatment plant, construction of railway over and under bridges at Mangalwari, Itwari, railway station, Anand Talkies etc.Meanwhile, the NMC has completed work at two overhead water tanks at Sakkardara and Shanti Nagar. Two more will be completed in near future at Jaitala and Pratap Nagar. The work on remaining 16 overhead water tanks is underway while the work at four is yet to begin. According to the approval, the works on all proposed 23 overhead water tanks were to be completed by December 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15089913", "title": "Rain-proof your gadgets", "text": "You must avoid talking on the phone while walking in rains even with an umbrella. Or use the headphones while taking a call in the rain .-Avoid keeping your phone in the pant pockets and keep them in your handbags instead.-If your phone gets wet, remove the battery and dry the phone with a mild blow dryer. Keep your laptops safe in laptop cases and avoid taking it out too much in the rains-Do not keep your laptop bags in damp areas. Get them periodically checked in rainy seasons especially.-Cameras also need to be taken care of in the rainy season. Use a soft dry cloth to wipe off the water from the lens.-Rice is better in removing water particles or absorbing moisture. Put your wet phone or gadget in sifted rice and close it. Longer the phone or electronic device in rice drier the device will get. Approximately one day is sufficient to dry the phone or camera. You can leave gadget in rice for more than a day but make sure rice is dust proof.-Keep devices unplugged when not in use in order to avoid short circuits and shocks.-Keep gadgets in plastic covers for extra protection and take special care of touchscreen devices as they are more prone to damage.-Remove the batteries of all the devices when not in use. This is especially true for the monsoon season that can damage devices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15091282", "title": "Vinayak to direct Chiranjeevi's 150th film?", "text": "Probably the clouds over this most awaited flick in Tollywood have finally cleared. If the combination of director and script is set, then the film will take off at rocket speed. Looks like, this is going to happen soon.The other day, while speaking at an inauguration function, ace director VV Vinayak revealed that he is all set to direct Megastar's 150th film. 'I'm waiting for the right script to start this project. Once the story is done, the film is on', confirmed Vinayak. In fact it is very clear from his words that he is that mega-director who is going to handle Chiru in the prestigious 150th movie.Already, megastar has confirmed his intentions during his London tour that he is waiting for story to start the movie. For now, fans are saying that curtains are raised over this magnum opus, but we have to see when this will actually go on floors.This film is not just a mega-entertainer for fans, but will help Chiranjeevi's to strengthen his political image if the script is in the likes of 'Tagore' or 'Stalin'. Stay connected for more updates.Source: gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15084320", "title": "Abduction victim gets threats, told to withdraw case", "text": "NOIDA: Noida-based businessman Kapil Gupta, who was abducted last September and released after Rs 5 crore was paid in ransom, has once again received threats to his life. The kidnappers want him to withdraw the case against them.The victim has approached senior police officers, including Uttar Pradesh DGP, for strict action against the accused. He has demanded that the advertisement and posters of the criminal wanted in the abduction case be released. The UP police, which have been complaining of a cash crunch, has turned down his request, forcing the victim to bear the cost of putting up the posters.Kapil Gupta, who runs an electronics company, was picked up after he had dropped an office employee in Ashram area on September 21, 2011. He was set free after Rs 5 crore was paid; cops had been able to recover Rs 4.15 crore out of the total ransom. Police had also announced a reward of Rs 10,000 for information on the accused.\"The accused, identified as Monnu Gujjar, Sunny Malik and Kavita, were involved in the abduction, and are still at large. They are trying to get bail from the Allahabad high court. They are wanted in the case registered under Sections 364A and 120B of IPC at Sector 20 police station. I am under extreme mental pressure and appeal that the accused be arrested at the earliest,\" Kapil Gupta told TOI.The accused had been spotted in a Scorpio in Noida; they were learnt to be hiding in the NCR and west UP.\"I have met the DGP and he has assured strict action. The reward on them has been raised to Rs 25,000,\" Gupta added.TOI has a copy of the latest FIR and the life threat received by the victim. The letter to Kapil Gupta reads: \"Stop proceeding in the court or we will eliminate you.\"Following the latest threat, police have registered a fresh FIR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15091743", "title": "State information commissioners to have judicial background", "text": "PANAJI: Goa governor P V Wanchoo has been urged not to administer the oath of office to Pradeep Padwal as State Information Commissioner in view of a Supreme Court order.Padwal who was appointed as State Information Commissioner on July 19 would assume office only after being administered oath of office by the Governor.In a letter to Governor Wanchoo on Sunday, social activist Aires Rodrigues has pointed out that the Supreme Court on July 19 had directed the central governments not to appoint any more information commissioners till it decides on the plea making it mandatory that information commissioners be persons with a judicial background. \"Copy of the Supreme Court order is sent to governor,\" Rodrigues said.A bench of the Supreme Court had passed the order to this effect while reserving its judgment on the petition by Namit Sharma challenging the validity of the appointments of information commissioners with no knowledge and experience of law and without a judicial background, he added.Rodrigues has in his letter to the governor stated that the issue is now under the consideration of the Supreme Court, it would not be appropriate for the governor to administer the oath of office to Padwal as state information commissioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15091418", "title": "Cultivated prawns keep prices steady", "text": "MANGALORE: Though the rates of various type of fishes has headed north due to low catch in the monsoon fishing ban period which is effective till August 15, the prices of prawns have remained steady, much to the delight of sea-food eaters.Prominent factors contributing to the steady price has been the adequate landings at the Old Port, supply of cultivated prawns from Kundapur area and shut down of prawn processing industries due to maintenance.Fisheries Department Deputy Director Suresh Kumar Ullal told TOI that daily on an average there are seven to eight tons of prawns landing at the Old Port, which has kept the prices steady. The prices range from Rs 160 to Rs 330, from small to big variety, to suit all class of consumers. Suresh Kumar says that closure of fish processing units for maintenance is another reason which has kept the prices steady.As against the price of prawns, the common man's fish, mackerel, has shot up to Rs 150 to Rs 200 mark, depending on the size. During season, the price of mackerel ranges from Rs 50 to Rs 80. So are the prices of sardines which have gone up to Rs 60 from Rs 20 to Rs 30 during season (all prices per kilogram).Retailer Vinay Shetty says the arrival of cultivated prawns from Kundapur area too have helped prices stabilize. Though cultivated prawns are not as tasty as captured ones, there is still good market for the same,'' he said.Manju Billva prawn cultivator at Hangalur near Kundapur says they sell 30/40 count tiger prawns (number of prawns in a kilogram) at Rs 230-Rs 250 per kg to the processing industries and the rest land at the retail market. Each stock is harvested once ion four months and the catch will be worth 800 kgs. It is not very remunerative considering we spend as much on seeds and management,'' Manju notes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15086980", "title": "Kolkata's pain in party\u2019s gain", "text": "KOLKATA: Five lakh Trinamool Congress supporters brought a city of 14 million to its knees on Saturday, as the chief minister presided over a traffic-choking rally in the heart of Kolkata. The sea of people that dwarfs the Maidan on July 21 every year packed into the streets of Esplanade.It was a regular picnic \u2014 rallyists frolicked in the protected lakes of Victoria Memorial, hogged entire roads on the way to the rally venue, choked Howrah bridge and turned a political show of strength into an ordeal of pain for the thousands hoping to make a job appointment , attend an interview or reach hospital with some hope still ticking.The traffic nightmare started in the morning as the Trinamool leadership mustered tens of thousands from the districts to gather at Esplanade in time for Mamata Banerjee's speech. The squeeze tightened around Esplanade as the day wore on.\"If the heart gets choked, the whole body gets numbed and dies. That is what happened to the city. With the Esplanade getting choked, all north-south and east-west traffic movement got plugged,\" said a senior traffic police officer. Bus services were withdrawn after 10am in most places. \"Our buses got stuck at different points in the city. So it made no sense to run services any further ,\" said Tapan Banerjee of Joint Council of Bus Syndicate.Traffic on both Howrah Bridge and second Hooghly bridge came to a standstill . AJC Bose Road and APC Road, which are far off from the rally venue, also got choked.The Metro remained the only lifeline, but there was a mad rush for it. The huge joyriding crowd added to the pressure. The queue for tickets snaked out on to the roads. \"There was such a heavy rush that we had to issue printed card tickets at Esplanade , Park Street, Jatin Das Park, Girish Pak and Shyambazar Metro stations. We also operated extra counters,\" said Metro spokesperson Pratyush Ghosh.Most of the rallyists from the districts had arrived the night before but it was the process of ferrying them to Esplanade that stopped the city in its tracks. The thousands streaming in from the suburbs added to the chaos.Businessman Dipak Raut's car was stuck at Strand Road for one and a half hours. He appeared furious and despondent at the same time. \"When the Trinamool Congress came to power in the state, I hope that there would be full stop to the Left legacy of rallies, roadblockades , bandhs and strikes. But today I feel that I was wrong. There is a change only in regime, not in the mindset,\" he said. \"I am missing out on valuable business as I sit here twiddling my thumbs. Think of the loss of an entire day for a political rally.\"The TOI reporting team found many thousands of cars struck on JL Nehru Road, AJC Bose Road, Park Street, Camac Street, Rafi Ahmed Kidwai Road, Ganesh Avenue and Old Court House Street. A number of buses were also stranded. In some places, nothing moved for hours. \"Police are allowing only buses bearing the Trinamool flags to move while buses with passengers suffer,\" said the driver of a CSTC bus that got stuck near Race Course as early as 11am.The police seemed swamped by the sea of rallyists pouring in from all corners of the city. A traffic sergeant said, \"We are helpless. We have to facilitate the movement of buses and trucks carrying supporters as close to the venue as possible . Naturally, regular commuters bear the brunt. We have put up a traffic advisory that traffic will not be in our control after a certain point of time in the day. This is what happens every time there is a big rally like this at Esplanade or at the Brigade Parade Grounds.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15084287", "title": "Captain Lakshmi Sahgal remains critical", "text": "KANPUR: Captain Lakshmi Sahgal continued to remain critical on Saturday.The 97-year-old revolutionary was put on ventilator on Friday and the doctors attending on her stated her condition to be stable on Saturday. \"Her condition is stable but she is not out of danger and has been still kept on the life support system in the intensive care unit (ICU) under close observation,\" cardiologist Dr Santosh Kumar said. She is still in a state of coma, he added.Neurosurgeon of Lala Lajpat Rai Hospital Alok Verma, who is examining her, said that they will again get her CT scan done. \"We have to wait and see how she responds to the anti-convulsion medicines,\" he added.Senior CPI (M) leader Brinda Karat and Captain Lakshmi Sahgal's grandson and noted filmmaker Shaad Ali, who arrived here on late Thursday evening, are still at the hospital.On Friday, noted filmmaker Muzaffar Ali arrived at the hospital to know about Captain Sehgal's health.Union coal minister Shriprakash Jaiswal too visited the hospital.Meanwhile, her daughter and CPI (M) leader Subhashini Ali told TOI that her mother has been kept on life support system. A team of doctors is constantly monitoring her situation.Sehgal served as the commander of INA's Rani Jhansi Regiment and minister of women's affairs in the Azad Hind government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15084216", "title": "At IGI, 50 flights delayed for IAF drill that wasn\u2019t", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi's IGI airport witnessed over 50 delays on Saturday as Delhi airspace was closed between 1pm and 2pm for an Indian Air Force drill. Information of the closure for an initial duration of two hours was provided to Delhi air traffic control on Friday night and a notice to airmen (NOTAM) was issued only around 8.30am on Saturday. As airlines struggled to hurriedly reschedule flights, the closure was finally cancelled shortly before 1pm, leaving flight schedules in an utter mess.\"We received the NOTAM around 8.30am on Saturday. With less than five hours left for the air space closure, we had a very difficult time rescheduling flights. We have never received such a short notice before. For international long haul flights which have an average flying time of 8-16 hours, we need to know of such matters at least 10 hours before time. Messages had to be sent to passengers for flights scheduled between 1 and 3pm but not all could be contacted. Some arrived at the airport and had to wait for 3-4 hours before their flights were departed,\" said an airline official.Airport sources said that after the initial request, IAF asked for special landing permission for the defense minister, who was scheduled to land in Delhi from Mumbai around 2pm. ATC reportedly refused, saying no special concessions would be made and only aircraft scheduled to participate in the drill, a re-calibration of the radar communication system of the IAF, could operate during the air space closure. \"After permission was refused, IAF said they would wind up the drill by 2pm and around 1pm, ended up cancelling the drill altogether. By this time closure had already been implemented. It took 45 minutes for departures to start and another 15 minutes before arrivals could be permitted,\" said an airport source.Meanwhile, 59 operations had already been rescheduled. Sources said that 10 international departures and two arrivals and 27 domestic departures and 20 arrivals had to be postponed for post 3pm. Air India had to reschedule three arrivals and 10 departures during this period.IAF could not be contacted for comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15089075", "title": "Mumbai Police to take voice samples of 26/11 handler Abu Jundal", "text": "MUMBAI: Taking the voice samples of LeT operative Sayed Zabiuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal will be among the top priorities of Mumbai crime branch, which has secured his ten-day custody in the 2008 terror attack case.\"Forensic experts would be called soon to conduct Jundal's voice measurement through audio spectrometer. Besides his interrogation, his voice sample collection is one of our top priorities during the custody period,\" a crime branch official said.Jundal's voice samples will be matched with the telephonic talks intercepted by intelligence agencies during the dastardly assault, in which 166 people, including some foreigners, were killed.When contacted, joint commissioner of police (Crime) Himanshu Roy said, \"Security agencies in Delhi might have already taken Jundal's voice samples but we, as the 26/11 probe agency, will also take his voice samples very soon.\"Jundal, alleged prime conspirator of the 26/11 carnage, was yesterday formally arrested in the case. After being brought from Delhi, he was produced before a local court which remanded him to police custody till July 31.According to the prosecution, security agencies had intercepted calls made by the 10 terrorists who had attacked Mumbai on November 26, 2008 to their handlers in Pakistan .In some of those intercepts, Jundal is allegedly heard giving directions to the terrorists in Hindi from a control room in Pakistan.Jundal, who hails from Beed district in Central Maharashtra, was arrested by Delhi Police in late June after being deported from Saudi Arabia .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15089808", "title": "Johnny Depp flies to France to make up with ex Vanessa Paradis", "text": "Johnny Depp has flown to the South of France to try and patch up with his former partner Vanessa Paradise.The 'Pirates of the Caribbean' star gave the model an antique gold pendant bearing the message \"My heart is always with you.\"The couple, who have two children Lily-Rose, 13, and Jack, nine, announced last month they had \"amicably separated\" after 14 years together.Even though they never married, it was said the 39-year-old singer would receive around 100 million pounds from Depp, who is said to have a net worth of 200 million pounds.It is said that Depp and 'Rum Diaries' co-star Amber Heard , 26, who were reported to have \"grown very close\" on set, called time on a fledging relationship.Depp and Paradis are holed up at the actor's 4-million-pound home in Plan de La Tour.\"They are having a family holiday to show the kids they are still a strong family even if those two are split or not,\" the Sun quoted a source as saying.\"But the fact he presented her with such a touching gift, it's almost as if they could make another go of things. Johnny wants to be with his family, he's a very family orientated man. His kids mean everything to him.\"What they need more than anything is to get together far away from Hollywood and that is what they are doing,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15084951", "title": "2 more die on \u2018killer\u2019 e-way", "text": "NOIDA: Two lives were lost in an accident on Noida-Greater Noida expressway, a stretch that has earned the 'killer' tag in the recent past. The youths, Nadeem and Zeeshan died on the spot when a tractor trailer collided with their bike in Sector 105.The Nithari residents were travelling towards Greater Noida when the accident occurred at 2.45pm, police said. The tractor trailor fell into the adjoining green patch after the collision and the driver fled the scene.The owner of the vehicle hasn't been traced. The two bodies have been sent to a hospital in Sector 132 for postmortem.Cops estimate that the Noida-Greater Noida expressway has claimed over a 100 lives since its inception. While they say that speeding is the main reason behind accidents, infrastructural deficiencies on the route are also to blame. A study conducted by the district police last year revealed that 148 people had died between January and October 2009 on the stretch and more than 200 had been injured. Another survey of accidents on the expressway from January 27 to August 17 last year shows that of the eight mishaps that took place here, seven involved stationary or speeding dumpers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15085574", "title": "N D Agarwal keeps mum on mining", "text": "MARGAO: After hearing all the parties in connection with the issue of mining transportation in South Goa on Saturday, the district collector, N D Agarwal, has reserved his judgment to a later date. \"I have heard all the parties. However, as the matter is now before the high court, I have reserved my judgment,\" Agarwal told mediapersons.Agarwal had, on June 11, issued an order banning transportation of ore in the talukas of Quepem, Sanguem and Dharbondara until September 12, but days later relaxed the ban to allow conditional transportation.Following the relaxation of the ban, several mining firms- Sesa Goa, Pandurang Timblo Industries, A X Poi Palondicar, H L Nathurmal, Shradha Ispat, Goa Sponge, and Minescape Minerals- sought permission from the South Goa collector for transportation of lumps. Hit by the shortage of mineral ore, Sesa Goa has already disclosed its plans of shutting down its pig iron and metallurgical coke plants at Amona in Bicholim taluka.In their applications seeking permission for ore transportation, the two sponge iron companies have pointed out to the district collector that they have an agreement with the suppliers to transport iron ore lumps from the mines to their plants for their internal consumption and that the ban on transportation would affect their production output.People from mining-affected areas, who also gave their say at the hearing on Saturday, later told reporters that they would not allow transportation through their villages during the monsoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15093154", "title": "Four arrested for posing as police, cheating citizen", "text": "VADODARA: The city police has arrested four people for posing as policemen and cheating an elderly person. The accused took away a gold ring worth Rs 25,000 from Kaushik Patel, a resident of Virpurnagar Society on Waghodia Road. The matter came to light when Patel approached senior police officials after the accused demanded Rs 30,000 more from him. According to the police complaint, Patel's friend Rizwan and an unknown person visited his house on July 15.Later, two unidentified persons came to Patel's house and introduced themselves as police constables. They told Patel that they worked in the Police Bhavan. \"The duo told Patel they had come to investigate some complaint of love affair against him. They said that if they investigate the case then Patel will lose his face among his friends and family,\" said the police. The accused demanded Rs one lakh from him to wrap up investigations.Patel, who works with a private company in Makarpura-GIDC, told them that he doesn't have such big amount. The duo then brought down the amount to Rs 50,000. However, Patel showed inability to pay even that amount. The duo then forced Patel to give away the gold ring he was wearing and left. Hours within the incident, a person named Farooq called him Patel on his mobile and demanded Rs 30,000. Patel got suspicious and approached the police that tracked down the accused with the help of mobile numbers. All the accused were found faking as policemen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15084777", "title": "300 seniors land jobs at fair", "text": "BANGALORE: At 84, he wanted to know what best he could do to spend his time constructively. B V Sathya Murthy, a resident of RT Nagar, was among the 800-odd senior citizens who attended a job fair for those above 60.Having worked in the healthcare sector in cities like Paris and London for several years, and engaged in social service in Bangalore, Murthy came to Saturday's job fair to check his market value. \"I will come back next time. I now know what it is,'' he told STOI.Murthy and a few others were only exploring jobs; but for most, getting back a professional life was serious business. The reasons ranged from financial security to spending time more constructively.\"Every employer went back with short listings. More than 300 senior citizens got jobs,\" said a spokesperson of the Nightingales Medical Trust, the organizer.Getting a job is a must for Mala J, a 68-year-old graduate in home science.\"I am an artist and have had exhibitions in five-star hotels in Bangalore. My art was appreciated by Hema Malini and Dharmendra way back in 1970. When I was young, I used to work as a teacher. Now I want to work again. Any job that has scope for my creativity will help me,\" Mala said.Many senior citizens at the fair were hesitant to disclose their names because they don't want their families to know.\"Since medical expenses are going up, many senior citizens are looking for a regular income. For their emotional, psychological well-being, they need a job. About 87% of Indian senior citizens are not pensioners,\" said Dr Radha S Murthy, managing trustee of the trust.\"Recruiting senior citizens has several advantages. If you ask me who I would choose \u2014 a youngster or a senior citizen \u2014 I would employ the latter because of the sheer experience he/she has. When we recruit a retired employee, we don't have to train him/her. It's a big advantage for a start-up,\" said Arun Kumar DM, business head of Curve System, a private company at the employment fair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15091803", "title": "Association of college teachers' want revised pay scales considered", "text": "MANGALORE: The Association of Mangalore University College Teachers (AMUCT) has welcomed a decision by the union government to relax condition of enhancement of age of superannuation of college teachers to 65-years in the state run colleges for implementation of revised pay scales. Salary arrears of revised pay scales have been pending since 2006 due to this condition, Norbert Lobo, president, and Purushothama KV, general secretary stated.AMUCT acknowledges the efforts and help of Oscar Fernandes, Member of Parliament and chairman, parliamentary standing committee, Government of India. AMUCT office bearers had submitted a memorandum to Oscar on this issue at AMUCTs AGM held on July 1. Oscar had promised to take up this issue on priority. AMUCT thanked Oscar Fernandes for his prompt action in this regard and keen concern for the teaching fraternity.Norbert told TOI that college lecturer's fraternity in general across the state did not press for superannuating from services at 65. \"We were happy with the superannuation age of 60-years,\" he said, adding it is the prerogative of state government to decide on retirement age. \"Few senior lecturers who moved the court seeking retirement age be kept at 65-years as decided by the UGC while formulating the pay package were not successful,\" he noted.The prospects of lecturers receiving their wage arrears has brightened following the union government's decision to delink age of retirement from the payment of arrears of revised pay scales, Norbert said, adding that the union government will pay around 80% of the arrears and the state government the remaining 20%. Lecturers in the state covered by UGC pay scales should get their arrears from January 2006 to December 2009, Norbert noted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15086576", "title": "Cops succeed in recovering stolen manuscript", "text": "VARANASI: The police succeeded in recovering the stolen rare handwritten manuscript of Ramcharit Manas, the epic authored by Goswami Tulsidas and other articles including an idol and silver crown on Saturday. They arrested two persons in this connection.The manuscript and other articles were stolen from the Hanuman Mandir at Tulsi Ghat on December 22 last year. A case was registered with the Bhelupur police in this connection. The theft evoked resentment among the devotees. The police had been active to trace the stolen articles as well as thieves.According to records, acting on a tip off, the police caught two persons along with the stolen manuscript and other articles in a lane near Gopal Mandir in Chowk area on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15085414", "title": "Youth crushed under truck", "text": "JAIPUR: A 24-year-old youth was crushed to death near DCM on the Jaipur-Ajmer highway after his bike was hit by a truck coming from the opposite direction.The deceased, identified as Manish Gupta, left his home situated at Panchyawala on the outskirts of the city at 8.30 am on Saturday. While he was driving on the Ajmer road, a rashly-driven truck hit his bike from behind. After which the youth fell off the bike and his body was crushed under the tyres of the truck, police said.Some of the passers-by raised an alarm and informed the police and called an ambulance. The youth lay in a pool of blood for almost half an hour.\"The youth was rushed to SMS hospital where he was declared brought dead,\" said a senior officer.According to the accident police (south), the deceased was wearing a helmet. But both his head and the helmet had been smashed in the incident.A case under section 304-A has been lodged against the driver of the truck who fled.\"We have seized the truck and efforts are on to nab the absconding driver,\" said a senior police officer.According to the police, the deceased had got married a few months back and was pursuing a computer course along with working as an executive in a software firm.Later, police informed the parents of the youth. The family demanded immediate arrest of the truck driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15085669", "title": "Russia likely to induct BrahMos in navy", "text": "COIMBATORE: The BrahMos Missiles developed jointly by India and Russia are likely to be inducted in the Russian navy, said CEO of BrahMos Aerospace Private Limited, A Sivathanu Pillai. He was addressing the press on the sidelines of the seventh international congress of the Association of Minimal Access Surgeons of India (AMASI) in the city on Saturday.Pillai said Dmitry Rogozin , Russian deputy prime minister, had visited the BrahMos complex in New Delhi a few days ago and had hailed BrahMos as a model of collaboration not only in technology but in politics as well. Pillai said the BrahMos missiles, which have been hailed for its accuracy and capability, may be adapted by the Russian navy in the near future. This was not the case earlier since the defence priorities of India and Russia were different, Pillai said. However, BrahMos, which has production plants in both the countries, are not planning to export the missiles, he said. There is also a plan to develop a new version of the missile, which can be deployed in submarines. These will be tested underwater in the coming months.Later, addressing the AMASI conference Pillai said that defence agencies including the Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) have shown that they could help develop equipments and technologies in health care. DRDO in collaboration with IIT Delhi had come out with a knee joint which was composite, light and flexible. This model was lighter and cheaper than what was made conventionally. Around 40,000 models were distributed till date, he said. They are also working on other projects where they could develop technologies for developing 2D CT scan and 3D CT scan pictures. This would help doctors, he said. Similarly, nano bio medical sensors could help detect cancer and AIDS at early staged, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "rameswaram", "code": "15093465", "title": "23 Tamil Nadu fishermen arrested by Lankan navy", "text": "RAMESWARAM: Sri Lankan naval personnel allegedly attacked some fishing boats and arrested 23 Tamil Nadu fishermen when they were fishing near Katchatheevu in the Palk Straits on Sunday, fisheries department officials said.The Lankan navy also seized five boats, officials said. The fishermen would be produced before the Mannar judicial magistrate court, they said. Rameswaram fishermen's association president Emirett said the Lankan navalmen attacked 20 other fishing boats and seized the fishing nets.Katchatheevu, an islet, was ceded to Sri Lanka by India in 1974. On July one, ten fishermen from this coastal town were taken into custody by the Lankan Navy for reportedly crossing the International Maritime Boundary Line and fishing in their waters but were subsequently ordered to be released by a Mannar court.Following their arrest, Tamil Nadu chief minister Jayalalithaa had shot off a letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , expressing concern over \"unrelenting, harsh attitude of the Sri Lankan Navy\" towards Indian fishermen. She had also sought the Centre's intervention in securing the release of those arrested by the island republic's navy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15086732", "title": "Axe set to fall on use of plastic across DK", "text": "MANGALORE: Dakshina Kannada district is set to join Chikmagalur in banning the use of plastic.Minister for higher education and district in-charge CT Ravi during his maiden visit to the district after assuming charge said, plastic carrybags, cups and sheets of any thickness will be banned in the district. \"We have no equipment and mechanism to check thickness of the plastic. Hence, we have decided to ban all types of carrybags, including those measuring above 40 microns. I have directed deputy commissioner NS Channappa Gowda to issue a circular in this regard,\" CT Ravi said.On possibilities of plastic manufacturers approaching court against the ban, Ravi said that the government is prepared to face any obstacle. It may be recalled that a blanket ban on sale and use of plastic was imposed in Chikmagalur district during Channappa Gowda's tenure as deputy commissioner.At a meeting of officials and people's representatives, Ravi said that all departments in the district should expedite development work. \"It is unfortunate that many departments, including the tourism department, have not achieved progress in development works. A progress review meeting will be held on August 14 and the officials should be ready with the progress reports,\" he directed.It was brought to the notice of the minister that works taken up by Karnataka Road Development Corporation Limited , including Mani-Mysore road, are going on at snail's pace. In the meeting it was demanded that the contract awarded to the Corporation should be cancelled and fresh tenders should be invited.The minister took the officials to task and said he would discuss the issues with the managing director of KRDCL.He said, being the district in-charge minister, he will visit Dakshina Kannada at least twice a month. \"Dakshina Kannada is a role model district for me. Though I belong to Chikmagalur, I have always admired the progress achieved by Dakshina Kannada. The responsibility of being the in-charge minister has given me an opportunity to study the growth and development pattern here,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15091705", "title": "Pranab's sister predicted he will be president", "text": "KOLKATA: As a young MP, Pranab Mukherjee told his sister that he wanted to be born a well-bred horse in the Rashtrapati Bhavan in his next incarnation. \"Why become a rashtrapati's horse, you will in this life become a rashtrapati (president),\" responded Annapoorna Devi.The lady, 10 years older to the 76-year-old UPA presidential candidate, recalled this in an interview to CNN-IBN television.She was conversing with Pranab Mukherjee when he had just become an MP. The two were seated on the verandah of his official quarters in New Delhi, sipping tea.\"The distance from his house to the President's House was not far, and from the verandah we could see the path the president's horses would take.\"We could see the caretaker of the horses, grooming the animals , feeding them, giving them water.\"While having tea, he remarked: 'Didi, it is such fun for the horses... just see, isn't it. They don't have to work, they just eat, and just look at their shining coats...\"When I die I will become a rashtrapati's horse'.\"I then uttered: 'Why become a rashtrapati's horse, you will in this life become a rashtrapati,\" said Annapoorna Devi.The sister is happy that her prediction has come true. But she is upset she can't go to Delhi to attend his swearing in because of her age.\"I am very happy, I can't explain how happy I am,\" she said.The sister recalled that her brother was very mischievous as a boy.\"He would tell me to wait, and I would have to keep standing... If I moved, he would pull my hair and tell me, 'Didn't I tell you to wait for me?'\"\"That I can't see the (swearing in) with my own eyes is making me very unhappy,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15084333", "title": "Mamata blows hot and cold again, will go it alone in Bengal in panchayat polls", "text": "KOLKATA: Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee on Saturday launched a fresh anti-Congress tirade at the party's annual martyr's day rally in Kolkata, where she gathered thousands of people in a show of strength. She announced Trinamool will fight it alone at the panchayat polls, but stopped short of pulling out of the UPA at the Centre.\"The alliance in Delhi is there and will continue to be. As long as Congress gives us due respect, the alliance will be there. We want the Congress to be with us (in the state government),\" Mamata said, adding that \"in the state, Trinamool will fight on its own. We don't want anybody's mercy. The panchayat election will be the testing ground.\"Mamata threatened a movement against the Centre to press for a three-year moratorium on interest payment on the loans by the West Bengal government.\"People of Bengal will launch a 'Chalo Delhi' movement. We will not pay the interest on central loan,\" she said, adding, \"Don't you dare deprive Bengal. We will wait for some more time. Then our 28 MPs, 186 MLAs and four GJM legislators will all go to the Prime Minister with our demand.\"Trinamool's annual July 21 rally is held in memory of 13 Youth Congress supporters killed in police firing in Kolkata on this day in 1993. While in the opposition, Mamata used the platform to attack the Left Front government in Bengal. Now, bereft of any issue she has resorted to Centre-bashing at the protest rally, said analysts.It's merely posturing by Mamata as state Congress leaders have been saying for the past few months that they would go it alone in the panchayat polls, said a political analyst.Shakeel Ahmed, AICC general secretary in-charge of West Bengal, said, \"Mamata has not said anything which strains the alliance. She has not said anything objectionable. We had fought even civic body elections in the state separately some time back.\" The Congress's central leadership does not interfere in state panchayat elections. \"We go by whatever decision is taken by the Pradesh Congress Committee,\" Ahmed said.BJP though welcomed Mamata's decision to go it alone and wanted her to pull out of the UPA. \"Now, she should ensure there are early Lok Sabha elections. She should free the people of the burden they are suffering under the UPA government,\" said BJP spokesman Shahnnawaz Hussain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15096480", "title": "CM Tarun Gogoi, forest minister to visit Kokrajhar", "text": "GUWAHATI: Chief minister Tarun Gogoi on Sunday said security forces have been instructed to step up vigil in the disturbed areas of Kokrajhar district to pre-empt further escalation of violence.Gogoi said Assam forest minister Rockybul Hussain and civil supplies minister Najrul Islam will visit the violence-affected areas of Kokrajhar on Monday. \"I have asked the security forces to pre-empt further eruption of violence. The Centre will also provide more forces if the situation demands,\" Gogoi said. \"We strongly condemn the violence and have asked the administration to nab those perpetrating the violence,\" he added.On Pritam's murder, the chief minister said he is also in touch with the Bihar government. He said he will talk to the CBI if needed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15091592", "title": "Congress leaders, friends make beeline for Pranab Mukherjee's residence", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even before the election results are to be declared for the President poll, friends , relatives and Congress leaders have made a beeline for Pranab Mukherjee's Talkatora Road residence here to congratulate him.Mukherjee is expected to emerge the winner by a comfortable margin in the poll and one of the first leaders to reach and greet him here was Rajasthan chief minister and Congress leader Ashok Gehlot .Explaining his early arrival, Gehlot told reporters gathered outside that he had come early to congratulate Mukherjee as he anticipated a rush later.Following Gehlot's arrival, Congress party leader from Madhya Pradesh Suresh Pachauri also reached Mukherjee's residence. Mukherjee also received partyman Manas Bhuyian, who is a minister in his home state of West Bengal.By the afternoon more visitors congregated at his residence with former Chhattisgarh Chief Minister Ajit Jogi and Maharashtra Congress leader Patang Rao Kadam being the known faces among them.\"I have come here to congratulate and have sweets,\" Jogi quipped while entering Mukherjee's residential compound.Outside the premises, Congress workers were distributing sweets and a seven-member band rendered the atmosphere festive with its celebratory music.A sizeable contingent of security and police officers were posted at Mukherjee's compound due to high movement of VIPs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15086762", "title": "Land pooling stressed on for urban growth", "text": "MANGALORE: Mangalore Urban Development Authority (Muda) chairman Ramesh S made a strong pitch for land pooling for urban development.Outlining Muda's plans on 'Vision for Mangalore 2021' at St Aloysius College Alumni/ae Association ( SACAA) talks on Friday, Ramesh said that the traditional route to secure land for any development project is acquisition, which has its own merits and demerits.Explaining the land pooling concept, he said, acquisition of land is compulsory by paying compensation or granting transfer of development rights wherein for surrendering the land, owner gets extra development rights elsewhere or extra floor space index - both being marketable and transferable. Under land pooling, a person who surrenders part of his property, say for widening a lane into a road, benefits due to enhanced value of his property.Referring to the ambitious Mangala Corniche Project from Nethravathi bridge to Kuloor bridge at an estimated cost of Rs10,000 crore, he said, it would be constructed on a public-private partnership basis through land pooling route that would result in a better property price.The latest master plan for Mangalore covers an area of 608 sq km and includes areas beyond the city corporation limits, extending from Talapady in the south to Mulky in the north. MUDA has put in place a close monitoring system to regulate orderly growth of this extended urban area. To decongest the central business district area, a multi-level car parking complex with parking facilities for 800/1,000 vehicles, at a cost of Rs 2.15 crore, has been mooted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15085915", "title": "Family, friends bid adieu to paraglider who died in Bulgaria", "text": "PUNE: Ace paraglider Dilip Kotecha, who died in a paragliding accident in Bulgaria on July 15, was cremated here on Saturday. Forty four-year-old Kotecha is survived by wife and two children.The city-based real estate consultant had gone to Sopot in Bulgaria as a member of the Indian squad for the Pre-World Paragliding Championship.Kotecha's body arrived at 2 pm at his home in Koregaon Park and was later cremated at the Yerawada crematorium. Kotecha was a real estate consultant.The other rites will be performed on Monday at the Jain Sthanak in Vadgaon Sheri, where the community and friends would gather and console the family members of the deceased person. \"Many of his friends could not make it to the funeral due to their scheduled meetings, and some are out of station. The condolence meeting scheduled for Monday will enable friends to meet Dilip's family,\" said Ravi Lunawat, a close friend of Kotecha.Kotecha was flying about 120 metres above the terrain in Sopot, which is known to be the best paragliding and hang-gliding cross-country flying spot in Bulgaria, when his glider collapsed and went into a spiral dive, the event organisers had said in a statement. Kotecha had problems with his rescue parachute too and landed hard on the ground. He died later from internal bleeding and injuries.In 1995, Kotecha did a short-term course in paragliding, which was then a new sport in India. In 2000, he made it to his first Preparagliding World Championship (PWC) held in Bir in the Himalayas. From 2004 onwards, he represented India in many international competitions and was ranked fifth in the country. He was also the first Indian to win on foreign soil in the pre-PWC held in Serbia in 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15086103", "title": "500 girls await hostel seat at Panjab University", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Even though the city is considered as an education hub, students here continue to face problems when it comes to lodging within campuses. At Panjab University alone, over 500 female students are awaiting their chance to get a hostel seat at the beginning of the new academic session of 2012-2013. These outstation students have got admission in PU's teaching departments but are waiting to get hostel accommodation.The waiting list for boys' hostels, though not as long as the girls' list, is also a cause of concern for university authorities. \"Several PhD students are expected to vacate hostels in August. Most of the boys will get accommodated then. But the girls' list is too long. We are working out ways to tackle the problem and a new hostel (number 9) for girls will come on PU south campus soon,\" said A S Ahluwalia, dean, Student Welfare, PU.There is a space crunch despite construction of two new hostels on PU's south campus last year.Not just university campus, even colleges are facing a similar dearth of hostel seats. Dev Samaj College for Women, Sector 45, which has come up with a new hostel on its campus has been receiving several requests from other colleges to allocate a few seats to their students. \"We have been receiving requests from other institutes, but our first priority is our own college students and we haven't given any hostel seats to outside students yet,\" said Meera Modi, principal of the college.This hostel seat crunch is ailing most city colleges. At MCM DAV College, Sector 36 for instance, 500 students are in the waiting list for a hostel seat. Despite a high cut-off for allocation of hostel seat, with students scoring above 75% being given a hostel seat in this college, those with less marks have no choice but to look for paying guest accommodations.At PGGCG, Sec 11, some students had to look for a seat at the nearby Home Science College in Sec 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "aids researchers believe the time may have come to think the unthinkable", "code": "15086901", "title": "Has a cure for AIDS been found?", "text": "Aids researchers believe the time may have come to think the unthinkable: a growing body of expert opinion believes a cure for HIV infection is no longer a scientific impossibility but a realistic goal that scientists could reach in the very near future.A scientist who shared a Nobel prize for the discovery of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) has now added her voice to those who believe it is possible to cure a viral infection that until now has been considered life-long , chronic and, although treatable, ultimately incurable.Francoise Barre-Sinoussi , who first reported the discovery of the Aids virus in 1983 with her colleague Luc Montagnier of the Pasteur Institute in Paris, cited this week the case of the \"Berlin Patient\" , an American gay man called Timothy Brown who received a bone marrow transplant in 2007 while a student in Germany . The transplant was undertaken to treat a type of blood cancer but in the process it also apparently cured Mr Brown of his HIV infection.Five years after his transplant, he continues to be free of HIV despite having given up his anti-viral drugs. It is still not clear to scientists why Mr Brown has managed to shrug off his chronic HIV infection so effectively.For decades, a cure for Aids has been little more than a pipe dream because of the ability of the virus to integrate itself within the genetic material of infected patients. Once installed within a patient's DNA, the Aids virus could \"hide away\" for years, even decades, from the body's immune defences.As a result, scientists realised soon after HIV was discovered in the early 1980s that infected people would continue to be at risk of developing Aids throughout their life unless continuously treated with anti-viral drugs.But Mr Brown's highly unusual case has given some scientists cause for optimism. In a comment article in this week's Nature, Professor Barre-Sinoussi and her colleague Professor Steven Deeks of the University of California , San Francisco, say that Mr Brown has been effectively cured of HIV \u2014 the first person in the world to fulfil the strict scientific definition of a cure.Professor Barre-Sinoussi and Professor Deeks took part this week in the launch of a global scientific strategy document for Aids and HIV prior to the 2012 International Aids Conference which begins next week. The document will place \"cure research\" centre stage, suggesting that instead of focusing almost exclusively on research into better anti-viral drugs and HIV vaccines, scientists should think about ways of curing patients outright.THE INDEPENDENT", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15093444", "title": "Jassi gave me all the recognition and fame: Mona Singh", "text": "Mona Singh who currently plays a housewife in Kya Hua Tera Vaada feels that playing jassi was a dream role.We saw her in loose fitted clothes, braces and flicked hair, with thick framed glasses, few years back, so when we asked her, was it difficult to shed that image? She came with a pat reply. \"Oh, not at all, the image of bespectacled Jassi gave me all the recognition and fame in this industry and made me what I am today. I would be more than happy if people still address me as Jassi . It was a dream role.\"\"Acting was something which I always wanted to do. I am following my dreams and when you pursue what you like, it's not any burden for you,\" says she.We saw her last in 3 idiots , where she played Kareena Kapoor's expectant sister. So would we see her on big screen anytime, \"If something interesting comes my way, I would love to do it. I'd love to play Mother India someday,\" she quips.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15093376", "title": "I thought I'd ruined Spider-Man chances, says Emma Stone", "text": "Emma Stone has revealed that she thought she had ruined her chance of bagging a role in 'The Amazing Spider-Man' because she was very \"nervous\" during auditions.The 23-year-old actress eventually won the role of Gwen Stacy in the superhero film.\"I was incredibly lucky as I was the only candidate on the first day of auditions,\" Contactmusic quoted her as saying.\"I was nervous and was convinced I'd made a mess of everything. But, to my huge surprise, the director thought I was great,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15090832", "title": "Flow of grace at Vadodara", "text": "An arangetram is a very 'special' day in an artist's life, and in every sense of the word. The city has witnessed several memorable performances in the past on such occasions and recently, Lekha Chavan and Purva Shah, two extremely gifted young upcoming artists from the city, made it an occasion to remember at the Sir Sayajiraonagar Gruh auditorium.The family members and friends of these youngsters were present to bolster their confidence and cheer them up, and their fantastic footwork was applauded by everyone who had turned up for the evening.At this event, prominent personalities like Anil Patel (secretary, religious tourism department, government of Gujarat), S D Desai (performing arts critic) and Govind Patel (Gujarati film producer) were also seen enjoying the proceedings and encouraging the artists. Also, renowned city-based danseuse Ayswaria Wariar, who has trained these youngsters, was spotted on the occasion to support the young students.While Lekha has been learning under Wariar ever since she was six and has also been a part of a special potential batch of Saroj Khan dance academy, Purva's journey of dance began at the age of seven. And the fact that they have blossomed into fine dancers was on display at this event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15084828", "title": "Old rivalry claims cabbie's life", "text": "BANGALORE: A 23-year-old car driver Manjunath Siddappa was found dead near his residence in JP Nagar 6th Phase late Friday night. Though police initially suspected he was done to death by the mother of the alleged killer of S Divya, they're checking other angles too.\"We strongly suspect that a monetary-related feud led to the killing as Manjunath was involved in small-time money financing. We're also questioning Bhuvanesh's mother,\" police added.On Friday night, Manjunath was seen talking with his friends, police said. \"He might have been attacked on his way back,\" police said.Manjunath's body with grievous head injuries was found near Jaraganahalli in JP Nagar around 11pm, JP Nagar police said. He was an associate of Bhuvanesh Kutty, accused of murdering 24-year-old Divya in May, 2012 in BTM Layout. Bhuvanesh and Divya's estranged lover Ranjit had her hacked down in public.After the arrest, a few close associates of Bhuvanesh were furious with Manjunath as they believed he had tipped off police about the killer's identity. \"When Bhuvanesh was hiding in Kerala, police had picked Manjunath for questioning,\" police said.As it happens, Manjunath couldn' lead police to Bhuvanesh. It was Bhuvanesh's mother Kutti Tayamma who inadvertently helped police by repeatedly calling her son on the phone.Mico Layout police arrested Bhuvanesh and Ranjit Krishnegowda on June 1. Earlier, JP Nagar police arrested Manjunath in another attempt-to-murder case. But Manjunath came out on bail and once fought with Bhuvanesh's mother Kutti Tayamma over a trivial issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15085681", "title": "Babasaheb Bhimrao Ambedkar University teachers association challenges vice-chancellor's extension", "text": "LUCKNOW: After the Ministry of Human Resource Development (MHRD) pulled the acting vice-chancellor of Babasaheb Bhimrao Ambedkar University (BBAU) Prof B Hanumaiah for interfering in the appointments of teachers, here is another jolt for him.University's teachers welfare association has filed a writ petition in the Lucknow bench of the Allahabad high court challenging the MHRD extension to Prof Hanumaiah whose term ended on June 17. As per the association members, power of appointing or extending the V-C's tenure rests with the Visitor, i.e, the Indian President. But in Prof Hanumaiah's case, the decision to let him continue as a caretaker V-C has been taken by MHRD.The association members said under no circumstances MHRD can extend the V-C's term. And in case, such a decision has been taken, it is violation of the rules and regulations.The high court has asked the university administration to furnish all documents provided by the MHRD regarding Prof Hanumaiah's extension. The next hearing is scheduled on July 24 where the university will have to produce all the documents.The Indian President, in her capacity as a Visitor of the university, has issued a show-cause notice to the university V-C seeking explanation why an inspection or inquiry shall not be made into the administrative lapses and non-compliance of directions of principal executive authority, that is, the Board of Management (BoM).The action was taken on several complaints made by members of BoM, MPs, and teachers' welfare association to the President regarding appointments of 42 teachers made by the V-C, without BoM's approval. Teachers' association has alleged that the V-C amended the statutes/ordinances relating to eligibility and appointment of teachers by exercising emergency powers in violation of the rules and regulations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15086440", "title": "Couple held for kidnapping 2 kids", "text": "LUDHIANA: Police arrested a couple for kidnapping two children from a farmhouse in South City. The kids \u2014 14-year-old Suman and six-year-old Akhilesh \u2014 were recovered and handed over to their parents. The kids' father, Ram Narayan, is a gardener and caretaker of the farmhouse where the kidnappings occurred on May 23. The accused, Surjit Kumar and Pushpa Rani, worked in a farmhouse in the same area.A case was registered at Haibowal police station on May 31. Inspector Satinderpal Singh said the accused were arrested from Tarn Taran on Friday after they were traced using the cellphone tower location. Police claimed the accused had confessed in the preliminary investigation that they were going to push the girl into flesh trade and were planning to keep the boy as a help.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15084980", "title": "Teej: Combining festivities with business", "text": "NAGPUR: Offering a glimpse of some of the typical images identified with Rajasthan, the city-based Rajasthani Mahila Mandal celebrates the festival of Teej with fervour and recreates the same images right here. Women dressed in finery, swings or jhulas decorated with flowers and mango leaves, henna drenched palms and religious rituals, all form a part of the fortnight long Teej celebrations which are done at a community level by this organization.For the uninitiated, this festive fervour can be quite confusing. But for the festival loving Marwari community the entire month of Shravan is devoted to celebrations. Starting with Haryali teej, also known as Choti Teej, and ending a fortnight later with Badi teej, the celebrations also include festivals like Mangala gaur, rakshabandhan and Nag Panchami which fall during this period.Besides the worship of Shiv and his consort Parvati, the essential part of the festivities is 'shringar'. So applying mehndi, wearing traditional clothes and jewellery are the quintessential of teej celebrations. The jhoola, which is synonymous with the month of saawan, becomes a means for enjoying the greenery and light showers. Enhancing the entertainment value of the festivities are the folk songs sung by the women as they sit on the jhoola.\"Our Teej festivities organized as a mela have become very popular in the city. The effort is to build self confidence and a spirit of independence in our women. This event is like a fair where we put up stalls of different food items, rakhis and Sattu which is at the centre of all Teej rituals,\" says Shiela Tapadia, president of Rajasthani Mahila Mandal.The event, which is only for women and by women, is now in its 30{+t}{+h} year. It has gained such popularity that now stalls are put up by organizations from Indore and Kolkata too. Lalita Mantri, the project director of this festival, says that the colourful festivities combined with this event add extra dimensions to the festival. \"Jhoola is an integral part of this celebration and we always put up one at the venue. And this year the entire theme is jhoola and we are calling it Hindola Utsav. We also place small idols of Radha Krishna on this swing as part of our rituals,\" she says.Terming the festivities as multi pronged, Radhika Rathi, secretary of Rajasthani Mahila Mandal, says that a community celebration serves many purposes. \"The basic sentiment of this festival is to meet and greet our women friends and relatives. By giving the festivities a shape of a fair we offer a business opportunity to various enterprising women who set up stalls here. The event also helps busy working women to meet and buy items like rakhi, gifts and food stuff like sattu atta which is a must for the Teej puja.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15089593", "title": "Will add 88,000MW capacity by 2017 if fuel issue solved: Shinde", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government is confident of meeting the 88,000 MW power capacity addition target by 2017 if the fuel issue is sorted out, Power Minister Sushilkumar Shinde has said.\"Target you can say is over-ambitious but we did not want a lesser target because if there is less target there is less pressure,\" he said.\"There are challenges but we will find out the solution. The 11th plan (2007-12) was more critical, now there are more than one equipment manufacturers...there is no problem of equipment...only fuel problem is there, we have to work it out,\" Shinde said.The government had set a target of 42,000 MW in the 10th plan period (2002-07) but only 50 per cent of the capacity was achieved.\"We could do only 50 per cent of the 42,000 MW target in the 10th plan and in the 11th plan it was 78,000 MW, which was brought down to 62,000 MW in the mid-term appraisal... we could do 55,000 MW,\" he said.\"This time (12th plan period) fuel linkage for 76,000 MW is already in place,\" he added.The 88,000 MW capacity addition target includes about 8,000 MW nuclear capacity and some of the projects which were earlier scheduled in the 11th plan will be carried forward in the 12th plan, he added.The government is of the the view that faster land procurement and increase in coal production will help the country in achieving the 88,000 MW capacity addition target in the next five years.Shinde had earlier said that the issues of fuel and land availability have to be addressed for setting up new power stations in the coming years.The government has also asked state-run Coal India Ltd (CIL) to raise production to meet the demands of the power sector. The company plans to produce nearly 470 million tonnes of coal during the current financial year (2012-13).CIL missed its revised 2011-12 production target as it achieved only 436 million tonnes as against 447 million tonnes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15085491", "title": "I-T campaign against various sectors soon", "text": "JAIPUR: Following a breakthrough in detection of undisclosed income, the income tax department said it will launch campaign against various sectors including real estate , gems and jewellery, garment export and hospitality in the coming months. An undisclosed income of nearly Rs 122.5 crore was exposed by IT sleuths in various raids this year so far.In the raids that continued on Wednesday and Thursday, IT sleuths unearthed an undisclosed income of Rs 51.5 crore. The IT officers said the raids so far have been successful in detecting hidden income.\"Acting on various complaints, two big raids were conducted in the month of July and April. In April, an unaccounted income of Rs 71 crore was recovered from a leading hotelier while in recent raids, an undisclosed income of Rs 51.5 crores was unearthed,\" said SM Nigam, director general (Income Tax), on Saturday.On the sudden increase in IT raids, the officials said they have information on undisclosed income of many other groups.\"In the coming months, we will target various sectors including gems and jewellery, garment export and hospitality,\" said a senior officer.A senior IT officer (investigations) informed that in 2011 an unaccounted income of Rs 135 crore was detected by various teams in different raids.According to sources, the IT officers have identified various business houses from various sectors from where the IT survey would be initiated.\"Since the list is long we are hoping to unearth more undisclosed income as compared to 2011,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15085204", "title": "Two houses burgled", "text": "NAGPUR: In two separate burglaries, thieves broke into different houses and made way with cash and valuables worth Rs 3 lakh, on Friday.The first incident took place at the Orange Nagar residence of Shahzad Khan (31), falling under the jurisdiction of Nandanwan police station, on Friday evening. While, the Khan family was away to a relative's house in Mominpura on Friday afternoon, the burglars ransacked their home before decamping with60 gms gold ornaments and silver valuables worth Rs 26,000, besides cash and a cell phone.When the Khan family returned in the evening, they found the main door lock broken and the house ransacked. A case has been registered.In another case, thieves broke into Gurmeet Singh Sidhu's (34) National Housing Society, Koradi residence, on Friday night and fled with cash and valuables worth Rs 1.20 lakh. Sidhu too had lodged a police complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15087953", "title": "Now a panchayat issues 'code of conduct' for men", "text": "LUCKNOW: The khap and akhara panchayats in west Uttar Pradesh (UP) districts have been in the news of late for issuing Taliban-like diktats restricting movement of girls and women. However, now a panchayat held at Haibatpur in Muzaffarnagar district has come out with a 'code of coduct' putting restrictions on the men.The panchayat, in which people of 35 villages took part, decided that men upto 30 years of the age will not be allowed to unnecessarily hang around cross sections and public places. Boys below 18 years of age found smoking or chewing tobacco will be punished. Even elderly have been advised not to use hookah. The panchayat also decided that people demanding dowry will be banished from the community and suggested that groom should not be accompanied by more than 11 people so that there is no financial burden on bride's family.According to Panchayat head Naresh Kumar, boys and men hanging around at public places without any work mostly indulge in eve-teasing and create nuisance. \"We have also barred boys from using bike and mobiles, except in case of emergency, because after getting these things they do not concentrate on studies and other household work,\" he told reporters after the panchayat meeting. \"Most of the elderly here have vowed to quit smoking and discourage others,\" he added.Other senior members of the panchayat said that some people here smoke hookah describing it is our tradition. The fact, they said, is that hookah does not find any mention in our religious books. In order to justify their acts, some people linked hookah with tradition and gave it a social sanction. \"We elderly need to quit smoking to set an example for boys. We have broken our hookah today and vowed to quit,\" said Vimal Singh, another villager, while talking to media persons.The women present in the panchayat welcomed the decision. They said that there are already many restriction on the womenfolk and its the men who required lesson on how to behave decently with the women and keep away from tobacco and alcohol. The addiction of alcohal and tobacco is not only harmful for health but has also destroyed many families in the villages, they added. Since our society is patriarchal, the real change will come when men will change, they said. However, these women were also of the view that the restriction put on the girls should continue.On July 12, a panchayat at Asra village in Baghpat district had restricted women upto 40 years of age from using mobile phones and venturing out of their house without a male escort. The diktats got support from some political parties and was endorsed by the Mahapanchayat, also held in Asra village, on July 20 in which representatives of various khap and akhara panchayats from across west UP and adjoining states took part. However, in view of widespread criticism over their moral policing, the leaders in mahapanchayat said that the 'restrictions' are 'advisory' and not a 'diktat'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15088663", "title": "Celebrations on the sets!", "text": "Actor S J Suryah had a gala time, celebrating his birthday on the sets with the cast and crew of his forthcoming Isai .Director-actor Suryah's birthday falls on July 20, and this time around, he was busy completing work on his film, Isai . But the cast and crew, including his heroine Savithri, decided to make the day an unforgettable one for him. So, they got him a cake to celebrate the occasion.The Kushi director is back on Tamil screen with his own venture after almost eight years. While he directed Puli in Telugu in 2010, he helmed Anbe Aaruyire in 2005! Isai also marks Suryah's debut as a music composer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15085390", "title": "Un-royal welcome for Maharaja", "text": "PANAJI: With bureaucratic red tape wrapped around it by the previous government allegedly to facilitate rival players who wanted to enter the scene, the Maharaja Casino has got a far-from-royal welcome in the River Mandovi where it remains a forlorn vessel since February 2009.Touted as one of the biggest floating casinos in South East Asia, the sixth offshore casino called 'Maharaja', aboard the MV San Domino, entered the waters of the Mandovi on February 17, 2009. With four decks\u2014three dedicated to casinos\u2014the 'Maharaja' awaited permissions to be cleared and even hoped to commence operations in a couple of weeks. \"We had submitted all the required permissions to the previous government in January 2009, whether it was licences from the director general of shipping, Goa state pollution control board or the captain of ports\u2014all licences were valid,\" sources said. The government had then taken a stance that six offshore casino licences would be permitted.\"With Caravela, Casino Rio, Casino Royale, Casino Pride and the Arabian Sea King having five of the licences, we were hoping to get the sixth one. But the government sent our file to the law commission. The file did not move. Probably, they were waiting for one of our licences to expire,\" sources said.In March 2009, the vessel's licence from the director general of shipping expired. Soon, the sixth licence was taken up by Casino Carnival run by V M Salgaocar Pvt Ltd and the MV San Domino has remained a ghost-like vessel in the Mandovi for the last three years. But sources say that another offshore casino, which stopped its operations almost two years ago, saw its state government licence expire in September 2011.\"With one slot now free, we are in touch with the new government over the last couple of months and have resubmitted the application which is under process,\" sources said. STOI's efforts to get a comment from the government proved futile.Floated by Pan India Network Infravest Pvt Ltd, a part of Subhash Chandra's Essel group, the 70m-long Panamanian vessel is now hoping its show-lights will be switched on soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15085990", "title": "New Development Plan under wraps, corporators smell a rat", "text": "PUNE: The new Development Plan spanning 2007-2027 for the city is stuck as the civic administration and elected representatives do not see eye to eye over bringing the document into public domain.Elected representatives, deprived of copies, have accused the civic administration as \"secretive\" about the Development Plan (DP), while the civic administration has stated that the copies are not being made public fearing \"political pressure\" to make changes in the proposed reservation of land for amenities.A development plan lays out policies and proposals for the development and use of land in the city. It is meant to guide decisions on whether development permission should be granted under the development control rules. The decisions must be consistent and match the development plan adopted by the authority, after public consultation.\"The civic administration's approach is surprising. Elected representatives are trustees in the civic body and they have every right to get all the information they want. The DP is public property and there is no point in hiding it. The civic administration may have something to hide and that is why they don't want elected representatives to go through the DP,\" Congress leader Aba Bagul said.BJP corporator and city unit chief Vikas Mathkari said, \"The civic administration not revealing the DP creates some suspicion in people. The city and its representatives need to know the administration's plan for the development of the city. It is a cause for concern if the city's development plan is secretive.\"The Republican Party of India's (Athavale faction) leader Siddharth Dhende said, \" We doubt the civic administration's intensions. It may have drafted a biased DP in favour of builders and developers. Copies of the DP must be given to elected representatives so that we can study the plan well advance before it is tabled for the general body's consideration.\"The ruling Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) is with the civic administration. City Improvement Committee (CIC) chairman and NCP corporator Chetan Tupe said, \"The civic administration had submitted the DP to the CIC in December 2011. The civic elections were in February 2012, hence no decision was taken. The new CIC was constituted after the election and I became its chairman in March. Since then, we have been discussing the DP and the civic administration has made several presentations to us.\"Tupe added, \"Once the CIC approves the DP it will be tabled before the general body and all corporators will get their copies. Members of the CIC have received the copies and the development control rules (DC) are with party leaders. There is technical problem in making the DP public.\"City engineer Prashant Waghmare said, \"There is specified procedure for the approval of the DP. Once the CIC approves the plan, it is tabled before the GB meeting. After discussions, the GB proposes changes in the plan and the draft DP is made public for suggestions and objections. The hearing committee comprising four government members and three standing committee members hears them. The report is tabled before the GB and after its final decision, the plan is forwarded to the state for approval.\" Waghmare said there was no secrecy. \"We have to follow the procedure,\" he added.A senior civic official said that the administration feared that politicians, builders, developers and other interested stakeholders would mount pressure on the administration once the DP is in public domain.\"If the DP is made the GB's property and then put on public domain, the GB will decide what they want to do with the document. If the plan is in public domain, leaders will put pressure for deletion of amenity reservations on the lands they own. Even the construction industry has lots of stakes involved in land issues and they wield power through polticians to put or vacate reservation on particular land\" said one of the official's requesting anonymity.The prolonged processCivic activists fear that the tug-of-war between politicians and the civic administration would further delay the process to approve the DP.Pune's earlier DP was drafted in 1982, passed in 1987 and was to expire in 1997. However, since the DP was executed only 20 per cent, it got a 10-year extension. When the expiry dated loomed yet again, the civic body sought another extension from the state government and a new deadline of December 2010 was set.The civic administration completed submitted the draft DP copy to the CIC in December 2011. This was the first DP in 24 years after 1987.Under the Maharashtra Regional and Town Planning Act 1966, the new DP should have been prepared before 2007 and the execution should have begun in 2007. However, in December 2007, the PMC announced its intention to prepare a new DP. According to the rules, maps should be ready within six months and within two years suggestions and objections of citizens should be sought.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "15086948", "title": "Abducted boy rescued within 24 hrs", "text": "THANE: The four-year-old son of a Mumbra businessman was rescued by cops less than 24 hours after he was kidnapped by three youths. The child, Mohnish Ansari, was abducted on Friday near his Kausa residence by three Mumbra youths who wanted to settle a score with his father, Feroze.\"The boy stepped out of his house at 9.30pm on Friday. When he didn't return for half an hour, his parents panicked and started asearch. An hour later, Feroze received a phone call demanding Rs 5 lakh for the safe return of his son,\" a senior police official said.Cops spoke to workers in Ansari's factory and were informed that workers Aslam Shaikh and Saddam Shaikh, both 19, had quit their jobs over a financial dispute. On interrogation, both confessed that they had abducted the boy with the help of another accomplice Yasir Mirza (19). All three were sent to police custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15085237", "title": "Spanco seeking partner for Nagpur franchisee", "text": "NAGPUR: Spanco is on the lookout for partners for its Nagpur distribution franchisee business and is holding talks with at least two companies. TOI has reliably learnt that one of the companies is into power generation and port development business, while the other has recently entered the distribution franchisee business. The officials of the second company have already done a joint audit. Talks were also held with two other companies but apparently it did not go beyond preliminary stage.Spanco has taken this decision apparently because of its failure to raise bank loans. A US-based equity, Bessemer Venture Partners (BVP), had invested Rs80 crore in its franchisee business but Spanco is still short of funds. Its dues towards MSEDCL have accumulated to around Rs200 crore.Negotiations are going on over the amount that the partner will have to infuse and the proportionate share it will have in Spanco Nagpur Discom Limited (SNDL), the subsidiary that handles Nagpur distribution business. The share will be determined in accordance to the amount infused by the partner, expenditure Spanco has incurred since it took over and future investment plans of Spanco.Spanco's partner will have to invest at least Rs300 crore right in the beginning. This amount is needed to pay off MSEDCL dues, part payment to vendors and invest in power infrastructure. More investment will be required in the coming months.A senior MSEDCL official told TOI under condition of anonymity that state power ministry and MSEDCL top bosses were exerting pressure on Spanco to pay up. \"MSEDCL has made it clear to Spanco that it will not extend the deadline for payment of dues. A preliminary termination notice was issued on June 26. Another notice was issued on July 5 regarding the escrow account.\"The official said that MSEDCL had also requested some companies to bail out Spanco. \"There is very little possibility of MSEDCL taking over the franchisee area as it will affect the credibility of franchisee model.\"Another MSEDCL official said in case of a take over there won't be much change at the middle and junior level as there was paucity of human resources in power distribution business. \"The partner will have its officers only at the top level and possibly a few at middle level.\"TOI had sent an e-mail to Spanco on July 20 seeking response from the company regarding possibility of a joint venture. Admitting this fact, it said that as a part of its strategy to develop the distribution franchisee business it was on the lookout for strategic and financial partnerships. It had met companies and held discussions from time to time in this regard. When asked about the name of the companies with whom talks were being held, Spanco said that it could not comment on market speculation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15084409", "title": "Nod for Agra highway widening", "text": "NEW DELHI: Work on widening of the Delhi-Agra highway is likely to start soon with the Union environment and forests ministry issuing the environmental clearance. Though the project was awarded to Reliance Infrastructure in July 2010, the environmental clearance came only on Friday, indicating a delay in the proposed deadline by over a year.Sources in National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) said the developer had tied up funds from banks in January 2011 to undertake the work expected to cost Rs 1,950 crore. \"If environmental clearance had come in early, work would have started by now,\" said an NHAI official.The 180km stretch has four lanes along with several intersections. It will be converted into six lanes for seamless travel. The environmental clearance was delayed even after the PMO stressed fast-tracking of clearances for infrastructural projects.\"Less than 20km of this corridor falls under forest area (roadside tree cover is considered forest). But we had to wait for the comprehensive environmental clearance, which came after Haryana and UP gave forest clearances,\" said an NHAI official.He added this was not the case before April 2011 when forest and environmental clearances were delinked. The developer could get environmental clearance soon after the project was awarded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "kokrajhar (assam)", "code": "15090730", "title": "Curfew lifted from Kokrajhar town in Assam", "text": "KOKRAJHAR (ASSAM): Curfew which was clamped in Kokrajhar town of Assam , where nine people were killed in attacks and counter-attacks between two groups, has been lifted today.Curfew was imposed from 12 noon yesterday to 6 am today. A high-level official meeting scheduled this afternoon will assess the situation and will decide whether further imposition of curfew was necessary or not, sources said.Prohibitory orders under Section 144 Cr Pc has been imposed throughout the district and would prevail till further orders, Kokrajhar deputy commissioner Donald Gilfellon said.\"The entire district is on a high alert and the district administration was taking all measures to prevent further escalation of violence,\" he said.IGP (BTAD) S N Singh said that the army and para-military forces were assisting the police in controlling the situation which was under control though there were undercurrents of tension.A strict vigil was being maintained in the sensitive areas and \"we appeal to the people to maintain calm and not pay heed to any rumour,\" Singh said.Nine persons have been killed in attacks and counter-attacks by Bodos and minority immigrants since the night of July 19.Bodoland Territorial Council Chief Hagrama Mohilary has appealed to chief minister Tarun Gogoi to send additional security forces to control the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15085754", "title": "Oar score", "text": "It was a four-hour sporting event on a July afternoon. But it was also a celebration of 100 years of friendship. On July 21, a festooned Madras Boat Club played host to the Madras-Colombo Regatta, a sporting event that began in the year 1898 when a crew of the Madras Boat Club (MBC) sailed across the Palk Strait to Colombo to participate in a \"fours\" race (with four people rowing), also known as \"The Boat Race\".Since then the race has become an annual feature, alternating its venue between Colombo and Chennai. \"The Madras-Colombo Regatta is among the oldest inter-club boat races in the world and follows the famous Oxford-Cambridge Boat Race, which began in 1839, and the Harvard-Yale Boat Race, which began in 1854,\" says S Rajendra, captain of the MBC team.Though this Regatta is 114 years old, this is only the 75th time it is being held, as there were breaks during the two World Wars and between 1983 and 1993 because of the civil war in Sri Lanka. \"It is good when people understand the importance of sport and how it helps build bridges between countries,\" says Rohan Fernando , president of the Sri Lankan Rowing Federation, who rowed in the Madras-Colombo Regatta in the 1970s, but is now content watching the team race.Also present at the regatta was RKMA Rajakaruna, the deputy high commissioner of Sri Lanka , who said the regatta had lasted longer than the average human being's lifespan and that proved the strength of the friendship that had formed.There were several races held through Saturday afternoon -- for pairs and sculls, for masters, and of course, the last but most prestigious race of the day, the 'Fours race' - with a band from the Officer's Training Academy providing musical interludes between the events.\"While the races usually alternate between Chennai and Colombo, the regatta will be held here in 2013 too as the Colombo Rowing Club turns 150 in 2014. They want us to be part of their celebrations that year,\" says K V Balachander, president, MBC. At the end of the day, it was the 33-member Colombo team that clocked the most wins, but amidst the fan-fare, music, dance and camaraderie that followed the races, it didn't seem like anyone had really lost.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15092054", "title": "Top UK business leaders for change in student visas", "text": "LONDON: Britain's most prominent business leaders -- including Indian-origin Karan Bilimoria of Cobra Beer -- today appealed to Prime Minister David Cameron to remove foreign students from official immigration figures to avoid choking off a valuable source of wealth and skills.In a letter published in The Sunday Times, the 37 business leaders warn that visa restrictions designed to bring net immigration below 100,000 a year will deter wealthy foreigners from outside the European Union.Among those calling on Cameron to reverse the policy are Sir Martin Sorrell , chief executive of WPP; Lord Jones, former director-general of the Confederation of British Industry and trade minister; and Lord Bilimoria, the Cobra beer co-founder who came to Britain as a student.The leaders say in the letter that Britain needs \"to be able to attract the best minds from around the world\" and that the country needs \"to send a clear message that genuine international students are welcome to study in the UK.\"\"They are integral to the success of British business and we must do everything we can to ensure their future contribution is not compromised.\"In an editorial titled 'Britain needs the world's best brains', The Sunday Times supported the business leaders and said: \"Our universities have long been a magnet for the brightest and best students from around the world.\"Their talents enrich our universities intellectually and through their fees they also help the universities to balance their books. For many higher education institutions, the fee income from foreign students has been a lifeline in tough times.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15093845", "title": "Sangma congratulates Pranab, but doesn't rule out going to court", "text": "NEW DELHI: NDA's presidential candidate PA Sangma congratulated Pranab Mukherjee for winning the presidential elections and wished him success on Sunday. However, Sangma said that the nation has lost a \"golden opportunity to show solidarity with the country's tribals\".\"I may have lost the election but the nation has also lost a golden opportunity to show solidarity with tribals,\" Sangma said.Sangma also showed his disappointment on the way the election has taken place by accusing the UPA of using economic packages to states to swing the elections in Pranab's favour. He called for a code of conduct for the presidential polls as way in the lines of Lok Sabha and assembly elections of states.\"The process in presidential poll has been partisan and political. Perception is that UPA did not build consensus ... We need election code of conduct for presidential poll,\" he said.Sangma also alleged threats were issued to leaders like saying that there were charges against them to get their votes for Pranab Mukherjee.He further said that he would meet with NDA parties and decide whether to aproach court over the election on Tuesday.Sangma didn't hide his disappointment for not getting the support of MLAs from northeastern states. Criticizing them, Sangma said, \"People of northeast are no more capable of standing on their own feet ... They have become dependent on central government.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15085543", "title": "Minister accused of murder, court orders probe", "text": "JAIPUR: Minister of state for PWD Murari Lal Meena has been accused of getting a jail inmate murdered in a dowry harassment matter. A city trial court has directed the Jaipur police to investigate the charges against the minister on the basis of a complaint lodged by the deceased's younger brother.Vijay Meena, a resident of Aandhi village on the city outskirts, died under suspicious circumstances in the central jail here on November 12 last year. The 5-feet 10-inches tall inmate was found dead with his neck entangled in a towel hanging from a pipeline that was just 3-feet high from the ground. The jail authorities claimed Vijay committed suicide, while the deceased's family pointed out injury marks and mud on his body to stress that he was murdered.Vijay's wife Sunita committed suicide in August 2011. His in-laws accused him of harassing Sunita to death for dowry. The complainant told court that the minister is related to Sunita's family and got Vijay killed in jail to avenge the woman's death.Minister Murari Lal, however, denied the charges. \"The woman was not my relative, neither was this jail inmate known to me. The couple was Zamindar Meena, while I am a Chowkidar Meena by gotra,\" the minister told TOI.\"Three days prior to his death, Vijay told his sister Asha and her husband Mukesh, who had gone to visit him in jail, that the minister had threatened to get him killed,\" the complainant's advocate Naresh Meena told the trial court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "15092777", "title": "Patiala branch of Indian Medical Association appeals for free treatment", "text": "PATIALA: Keeping in view the large number of cases of gastroenteritis being reported from the Badungar &amp; Sanjay Colonies of the city, Indian medical association (IMA) Patiala branch has appealed to it's doctors to provide free treatment to all patients.\"We have issued an appeal to our all members and other doctors of city to help in containing gastro outbreak in city. We know only government doctors could not control it and have requested all private doctors to help\" said sectary of Patiala IMP Dr Diwan Singh Bhuller.Though Health authorities claimed here a house to house survey was done in Badungar and those patients, who were suffering with Acute Gastroenteritis, were referred to the medical camp which is been organized in Gurudwara Badungar. Chlorine tablets were distributed by the health workers in the affected locality. Till date 7000 chlorine tablets has been distributed.But majority of patients alleged they have not got any help from health authorities. In total 3 locals have died of gastro on Thursday while more than 400 patients received treatment from hospitals of city. . Punjab CM on July 13 had sought detailed report from Patiala DC and directed to take immediate steps , but CM directions failed to move authorities.\"It's moral duty of all doctors to treat all patients. We have been doing our level best\" said president of Patiala IMA Dr BL Bhardwaj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "15085549", "title": "6 caught with fake passports, arrested", "text": "VASCO: The CID, immigration, detained six people travelling with fake passports at the Dabolim airport between Friday and Saturday.At 2.30am on Saturday, five people were trying to board an Air Arabia flight to Sharjah. While scrutinizing their passports, the officials in charge suspected them to be fake. An inquiry confirmed this and soon after, two men and three women were handed over to the Vasco police.Sreenivasrao Panthan and Madersaheb Shaikh-both 35, Gaumsia Shaikh, 40- all three from Andhra Pradesh , Gamrul Laila Ali , 32 and Sakira Begum, 40 from Kerala were produced at the Vasco JMFC and have been remanded to five days of police custody.A case under Sections 465, 466 and 471 of the IPC and Section 12 of the Passports Act has been registered against them. On Friday, the CID, immigration, also detained Suresh Gujjla, 33, for trying to board a Goa-Kuwait flight with a fake passport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15085752", "title": "2 burglaries: 90 sovereign gold stolen", "text": "CHENNAI: About 90 sovereigns of gold jewellery worth Rs 20 lakh were stolen in two separate burglaries in Kotturpuram and Vepery on Friday.Unidentified persons broke into a retired anaesthetist's house in Srinagar Colony under Kotturpuram police limits and made off with about 70 sovereigns of gold jewellery. Dr M Azar Hussain, who retired from service at the Kilpauk Medical College Hospital a year go, returned home at 11pm from a movie and found the window grille removed. After a check revealed that jewellery was missing, he lodged a complaint.In the second incident, at Vepery, burglars decamped with gold biscuits and jewellery weighing 20 sovereigns from the house of a businessman, Mahipal, who had gone to Bangalore with his family leaving behind his son. At least 2kg of gold jewellery, kept in a safe, escaped the burglars' eye, police said. Mahipal's son had gone to a friend's house in Kellys. Police registered two separate cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15093240", "title": "Jennifer Aniston ready to play 1-legged prostitute for TV comeback", "text": "Jennifer Aniston , who wants to make a comeback as a TV star, has joked that she is willing to \"play a one-legged, crack-addicted prostitute as long as it's a believable role.\"The former 'F.R.I.E.N.D.S' actress, who made her name on the small screen after acting in hit show 'Friends' , is reportedly planning a high-profile return to television.And her former co-star and best pal Courteney Cox is apparently advising her to land a top-notch TV project so she can reinvent herself as a mature leading lady.\"Jennifer's looking for an edgy, character-driven show along the lines of Edie Falco's Nurse Jackie, Mary-Louise Parker in Weeds or Glenn Close in Damages,\" the News.com.au quoted a source as telling The Enquirer.\"After a heart-to-heart with Courteney, she made up her mind to reinvent herself as a serious actress back on TV where she got her start,\" the source said.The 43-year-old, who has not picked up any major awards for her film work, is hoping that a radical TV role can bring her laurels.\"Jen hasn't had a great movie review since 'The Good Girl' way back in 2002. She's hoping a dramatic TV role can win her the praise she's been lacking from her recent films,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15095204", "title": "Expert suggests change in dietary habits of African hunting cheetah cubs", "text": "MYSORE: The dietary habits of African hunting cheetah cubs will now be changed and their will be change in their nutritional supplements too. An expert in big cats on Sunday examined them and discussed with the authorities at the Mysore Zoo.Expert vet Pampapathi from Bangalore examined the cubs housed at the zoo hospital and looked at their dietary habits. Dr Pampapathi was at the zoo for over two hours examining Maya's cubs, who are in focus given two of their siblings have died. He has informed the authorities to change their dietary habits and told them that their nutritional supplements will have to be catered to specifically, sources said. The expert was at the zoo following a request by the Zoo Authority of Karnataka, the custodian of the Mysore facility. The cubs were offered chicken and rabbit meat.After the six-year-old Maya died on June 12 due to an infection, two of her cubs have died. Her three cubs, which are hand reared since Maya's death, are in focus since July 18 when another cub died. Dr Pampapathi had served abroad, whose services were requisitioned when the zoo was treating wolves. He has agreed with the authorities that the cubs are facing increased problem following the sudden death of their mother. His visit comes ahead of the meeting of the health committee on July 26, which will audit the recent deaths at the zoo. In six weeks, four cheetahs and African black rhinoceros have died.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15086264", "title": "Cops can\u2019t find Pooja\u2019s cellphone", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Police have failed to recover the cellphone and purse of deceased Pooja, who was murdered by her husband Vajinder Singh and his paramour Renu. Accused Vajinder and Renu were sent in the judicial custody for 14 days on Friday. Sources said, \"Initially, accused Vajinder claimed that he had thrown Pooja's cellphone SIM card near Verka roundabout in Mohali and discarded her cellphone in a canal near Ropar. Following this an intensive search was carried out, but cops failed to find the SIM card or cellphone.\"Further, cops have also failed to recover the cloth used for strangulating Pooja, while she was being taken to Hoshiarpur in the car. A senior police official said, \"Tower locations of cellphones of Vajinder and Pooja established that both were together in Chandigarh and Mohali area on July 13, when the later was murdered by former.\" Moreover, call details of Pooja's cellphone also established the close relationship between her and Vajinder Singh, added sources.SHO of PS 19, Harjeet Kaur, said, \"Apart from call details, tower locations, result of DNA samples of Prem Chand, real brother of deceased Pooja, would be crucial evidences against accused.\" The charred body of Pooja was also recovered following the discloser of accused Vajinder and Renu from a deserted and forest area of Hoshiarpur district in Punjab, SHO Kaur added.Sources in Model Burail jail said accused Vajinder was lodged along with undertrails of cases of robberies, snatchings, murder, attempt to murders etc. The co-accused Renu was put along with female undertrails.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15086708", "title": "Greedy constable lands in jail", "text": "HUBLI: In a classic example of fence itself eating the crop, this 36-year-old police constable in Mysore hoodwinked over a dozen vehicle owners to make quick bucks to finance his luxurious lifestyle.The accused C J Raju, a constable attached to Ashokapuram police station, is now cooling his heels in jail. Raju was taken into custody by city police on Saturday following a complaint filed by vehicle owner Ayub Khan of Heggadadevana Kote taluk. Raju allegedly approached Ayub stating that city police needed a four-wheeler for patrolling and promised a rent of Rs 1000 every day. However, Raju did not pay the rent even after four months. When Ayub came to know that the vehicle was given to other person after taking money, he filed a police complaint.City police commissioner K L Sudheer told STOI that Raju has been accused of misusing his authority. A case has been registered against him under IPC Sections 406 and 420. Raju, who was produced before a court, has been remanded to police custody for three days.Sources claim Raju has cheated over a dozen vehicle owners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15086013", "title": "Online process for evaluation of engineering, pharma answersheets at Pune University", "text": "PUNE: The process of evaluation of answersheets of engineering and pharmacy exams of the University of Pune will be the first to go online as part of the exam department's automation project. The project was cleared in principle by the varsity's management council on Friday.Vice-chancellor W N Gade said that a technical committee will now weigh the project and recommend cost for the same. \"The idea is to have an end-to-end online process in place, right from the stage of submission of exam forms to evaluation and declaration of results. Even question papers will be sent to exam centres online, a few moments before the commencement of exam, to check against instances of paper leak. We plan to start the online evaluation initiative with the engineering and pharmacy faculties where all answersheets will be scanned and evaluated in a step-by-step online process, which will be difficult to tamper with,\" he said.The project will require the university to set up adequate infrastructure including equipment for digitization and scanning at varsity centres and colleges.Gade said, \"The engineering and pharmacy together account for 1.25 lakh students and securing an end-to-end automation product involves cost of Rs 3 crore. This is less than the cost presently incurred by the university for conducting the exam of these two faculties. At least five to six leading software companies have offered their services in developing the necessary software process and content for automation of the exam department. These companies have made their presentations on how the system will work.\"After the technical committee's report, the management council will secure all financial approvals for the project and the same will go for execution. \"We expect all this to happen in the next three months provided there are no hitches,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15086597", "title": "EC should take note of doles to states before Presidential polls: Murli Manohar Joshi", "text": "VARANASI: Putting a question mark on the special economic packages to some state governments just before the Presidential election, senior BJP leader Murli Manohar Joshi said, \"the Election Commission of India should take note of it and analyse whether it was the misuse of public exchequer to influence voters.\"\"The picture and situation appeared during the Presidential election was really surprising. Special packages of thousands of crores of rupees were given to the governments of those political parties, which opposed the Congress or were annoyed with the UPA,\" said Joshi while talking to reporters here on Saturday.\"I would like to draw the attention of the Election Commission, which prevented the government and political parties from misusing money to influence voters in assembly elections, to look into this matter,\" he said describing the special packages given to states by the central government as misuse of state exchequer.Joshi demanded that the EC should examine this act of central government. \"Agar yehi parampara rahi to desh ka bhagwan hi malik hai (If this tradition continues, only God can save this country),\" he said.Criticising the foreign direct investment (FDI) in Indian retail market, Joshi said that the Government of India should completely refuse the foreign suggestions for improvement in economy.\"Keeping the interest of common man in view the union government should decide when and what reforms are needed for the country,\" he said and alleged that the UPA government had been bowing down before the foreign pressure and the people had to face the sufferings.He said that the union government should clearly ask the US and European Union to improve their own economy first instead of preaching others for economic reforms.\"The Government of India has to take clear stand -whether it will bow down the foreign pressure or protects the nation's sovereignty,\" said Joshi adding that the BJP would oppose the FDI in retail sector strongly at all levels.Joshi further state that the central government was facing the crisis of credibility. \"People have doubts on the promises of the Prime Minister and Planning Commission that the country would overcome the economic crisis,\" he said that both economic instability and political instability were the alarming bell for the country. \"The people are suffering while the government is busy in settling its internal infighting,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15085395", "title": "NOC must for all commercial firms", "text": "GURGAON: After receiving several reports of impersonation and frauds while obtaining a trade license or a fire no-objection certificate, the municipal corporation has made it mandatory for all commercial establishments under its jurisdiction to apply for a fresh licence on its official letterhead. From now on, applicants will also have to carry a valid photo identity card with them.\"Many people have fraudulently applied for trade licenses and fire no-objection certificates in the past several months. In the absence of stringent rules, there was no foolproof check on who was applying for these documents on whose name,\" said an MCG official. In order to plug the loopholes, the MCG has made it compulsory for the applicants at the citizen facilitation center to apply on the official letterhead of the firm.Sources indicate that there have been quite a few cases wherein certain people have applied for these documents without any verification being carried out.\"We have also decided to save the applicant's image and details, which will be helpful at a later stage. If we come across any discrepancy at a later stage, we will be able to trace the applicant. We hope that by taking these steps we will be able to stop any frauds taking place,\" added the official. As a further measure against such frauds from taking place, the municipal corporation will also ask the commercial establishment to apply for the documents on their website.\"Every year, the commercial establishments have to apply for renewal of trade license and no-objection certificate but till now, there had been no procedure to check who was applying on whose behalf. Also, there were several touts who were obtaining these documents for others,\" said a source.Earlier, anybody would walk in and apply for these documents and get them, since no one used to ask them for any proof. \"However, from now on such cases might not happen as it has become mandatory to apply on the official letterhead, and also carry an official photo ID proof,\" added the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15091328", "title": "India eyes Russia to overcome tank ammunition shortage", "text": "NEW DELHI: Facing a critical shortage of ammunition for Army's fleet of T-90 and T-72 tanks after the blacklisting of an Israeli firm, the defence ministry is now looking to procure these shells from Russia.The severe shortage of tank ammunition was first highlighted by then Army Chief Gen V K Singh in a top secret letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in March this year which later found its way to the media.After the blacklisting of supplier of the FSAPDS (Fin Stabilized Armour Piercing Discarding Sabot) used by T-90 and T-72 tanks, Russia has now been approached for supplying these tank shells, Defence Ministry sources told PTI here.A contract negotiation team under a Joint Secretary-level official had also gone to Moscow recently to discuss the price of FSAPDS ammunition but further parleys will have to be held to decide on the cost issue, they said.To avoid such shortages in future, the Defence Ministry is also seeking a transfer of technology from the Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) to produce the ammunition indigenously.Gen Singh had pointed out in his letter that only three to four days of this particular ammunition was left in the inventory of the armoured regiments.Later on, the Army had also informed the Standing Committee on Defence about the shortage and how the situation had worsened by the recent blacklisting of its supplier Israeli Military Industry (IMI).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15092421", "title": "Goan coaches join hands to form state association", "text": "MARGAO: Several Goan coaches came together to form the Goa Football Coaches Association here and appointed Dempo Sports Club coach Armando Colaco as its president.At a meeting held at the Nehru Stadium in Fatorda on Saturday, all the football coaches from Goa, who are designated with an Asian Football Confederation ( AFC ) licence, met and formed the association.\"This association was long overdue. We will work for the betterment of coaches across the state and also play a role in raising the bar,\" Colaco said in a press release.The former India coach felt that there was a need to develop the game at the grassroot level and was confident that the newly formed GFCA will achieve its set targets by turning their focus on coaches who work at the school level.Colaco said the association will also organise seminars and camps for the promotion of the game, besides holding talks with the Sports Authority of Goa (SAG) and Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs (DSYA) on a priority basis.GFCA executive committee: Armando Colaco (president), Brahmanand Shankhwalkar, Marcus Pacheco (both vice-president), Savio Medeira (secretary), Mariano Dias (assistant secretary), Peter Vales (treasurer), Derrick Pereira, Mauricio Afonso, Mahesh Lotlikar, Mathew D'Costa, Cajetan Fernandes, Baptist Fernandes, Pascoal Pereira and Anthony D'Souza (all members).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "jodhpur ", "code": "15085479", "title": "After Indian Air Force nod, Jodhpur green airport plan gets wings", "text": "JODHPUR : The Indian Air Force has finally given its nod for development of a green field airport, an extension of the existing civil terminal here.With the no-objection from IAF to a land nearly 12,000 feet away from the existing runway, the Airports Authority of India (AAI) said it will give a boost to the expansion plans which will suffice the needs of the civil airport for the next 10 to 12 years.Operating from the air force station area, the Jodhpur civil airport currently has 12 acres of land and considering the growing demand with Jodhpur emerging on the national horizon of trade, real estate and education, there is a dire need of the airport's expansion, the airport's director S N Borkar said.\"We had identified three plots of land in the vicinity of the airport ranging from 70 acres to 150 acres. These land with the nod from IAF has almost been finalized for development. The possession is with the Jodhpur Municipal Corpration and the process of transferring it to us is underway,\" Borkar said.Air Commodore of the air force station, R N Gaekwad, however, claimed that there is no need for the expansion terming it to be economically unviable. \"But still we are ready to cooperate with them both in terms of their terminal's expansion and increase in the number of flights\", he said.Gaekwad said the passenger flights, which are operating from Jodhpur, have not been able to cross the 70% occupancy mark. \"We, as of today, have not turned down any proposal regarding civil flights but many airlines are not operating from Jodhpur, as it is not an economically viable venture,\" Gaekwad claimed.But endorsing the expansion plans, Borkar said the additional land will provide the airport with space to park aircraft and construction of hangars. \"We can use the existing place for Haj and cargo flights which have given enormous scope for the growth of the city,\" Borkar asserted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15084380", "title": "Uneasy calm prevails as bodies of slain youth brought home", "text": "ALLAHABAD: An uneasy calm prevailed in Kasari Masari in Dhoomangunj on Saturday when the bodies of two murdered youth were brought to their home amid tight security. A large crowd of locals gathered outside the houses of the two youth killed in the firing which took place between two groups in Beli Gaon on Friday afternoon.A heavy posse of police had been deployed at Kasarai Masari. The deceased youth were identified as Zaid and Ikrar.Bullet ridden bodies of Zaid, 26, and Ikrar were recovered by the police from Beli Gaon under Cantonement police station on Friday evening.The two groups led by Zaid on one side and Ikrar on the other had indulged in heavy gunfire and bombing. .Locals had informed that Zaid had arrived at beli Gaon locality on Friday evening after reportedly receiving a telephonic call from a woman acquaintance. He was accompanied by his two friends.As he reached the appointed place, he was waylaid by Ikrar and his associates. In the ensuing violence, Zaid and Ikrar were killed while their aides fled from the spot.Old enmity between the families of Zaid and Ikrar was stated to be the reason behind the clash, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15083951", "title": "Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority cracks whip on illegal buildings in gram panchayats", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) has finally woken up and taken note of the illegal constructions that are mushrooming in the surrounding gram panchayats and is taking action against them. Since the last few days, it has served notices to as many as 3,000 owners and builders of illegal constructions above three floors, function halls, commercial buildings and layouts in four zones of the metropolitan authority. All these illegal constructions do not come under the purview of the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC).Initially, one gram panchayat in each of the four zones of Shamshabad, Shankarpally, Medchal and Ghatkesar of the urban development authority was identified and notices were issued for action against the unauthorized structures. The gram panchayats were identified based on the highest number of illegal constructions that had come up in the recent years. For instance, a very high number of illegal structures were noticed in Gurramguda panchayat in Shamshabad zone and Chengicherla village in Ghatkesar zone. As a result, a drive was initiated in these areas.Similarly, HMDA has directed its zonal commissioners to identify illegal constructions in other panchayats and serve notices to them. \"The authority had served notices to row houses and a gated community venture in Gurramguda which were being constructed without permission from the HMDA. We will continue with the drive and issue notices to other panchayats also,\" HMDA secretary A Rajeswar Reddy told TOI.He said professional college managements have fallen in line after they were served notices and have since then come for regularization. Similarly, the gated community plot owners and row house owners have also taken applications for regularization from the authorities after the notices were served, he said.As per the building rules, gram panchayats can give building permissions up to ground plus two floors. If the building is above G+2, the building owner has to take permission from the HMDA under Section 19 of the HMDA Act. The act is applicable for apartments, colleges, function halls, industrial buildings and commercial complexes. But many constructions in the surrounding gram panchayats that do not come under GHMC limits have come up without any permission.In some cases, panchayats gave permissions for constructions above two floors. In panchayats like Boduppal, Nizampet and Almasguda, several thousands of unauthorized constructions have come up without any legal sanction. There were allegations that some of the staffers also colluded with the builders and allowed apartments and commercial buildings.Since the HMDA does not have any enforcement wing, it has not taken up demolition drive against the errant builders. As of now, the HMDA has been writing to district panchayat officers of Rangareddy and Medak district to demolish illegal constructions in the identified areas and is now planning to open an enforcement wing for taking up demolition drive against builders of unauthorized constructions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "15085327", "title": "Bhanwari case hearing deferred, to commence on July 25", "text": "JODHPUR: With the adjournment of the trial in the Bhanwari Devi abduction and murder case till July 25 on Saturday as the incumbent magistrate is yet to assume charge of the ACJM court (SC/ST cases), the Jodhpur Central Jail administration continue to remain in a fix on the shifting Mahipal Maderna to Jaipur jail. A former minister and one of the main accused in the Bhanwari case, Maderna is currently lodged in the Jodhpur jail despite order to shift him to Jaipur. Due to his spine ailment, Maderna was brought back Jodhpur from the Jaipur jail.Jail superintendent A R Niyazi said since the next hearing in only after four days, there is no point in sending him to Jaipur. \"But still we will discuss the issue on Sunday as to what is to be done in the matter,\" he said.It may be recalled that despite a medical board strongly recommending surgery for his disc prolapse, Maderna continued to avoid surgery and preferred to rest in jail. When the jail administration asked him about his decision on the surgery, he reverted back with a questionnaire on his doubts on post-surgery complicacies.The peeved jail administration then asked the doctors if he could be shifted to Jaipur. In the response, the doctors said he can be allowed to travel in a reclining position and recommended train as a suitable mode of transport so as to avoid any complication.\"Since the doctors have given their opinion regarding the shifting, we are now working on this plan but there should be a reasonable gap between the two consecutive hearings,\" Niyazi said. He said Maderna is taking rest and prefers to remain there without talking to anybody.Owing to his aliment, Maderna is constantly taking permissions not attend court. So far, he has made only one presence in the court hearings since the trial of the case commenced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15084336", "title": "Don Bosco down Christ Church 2-0", "text": "MUMBAI: Defending champions Don Bosco (Matunga), it seems, are now settling into a rhythm. After drawing their opening encounter against Campion (Cooperage), they thumped Mazagaon's St Mary's 4-0. On Saturday at Azad Maidan's Mumbai Schools Sports Association (MSSA) ground, they emerged comfortable 2-0 victors over Christ Church (Byculla).The Matunga outfit opened scoring as early as in the 4th minute when a brilliant through ball from Rithwik Punja was met by Quentin Bretto and placed home to the right off the Christ Church goalkeeper.Ten minutes later, Bretto was dropped in the box and the Matunga outfit were awarded a spot-kick. Nathan Fernandes confidently slotted the ball to the goalkeeper's left. Though the teams failed to score after the change of ends, Christ Church put up a far better display. It was just that the Matunga boys were far too superior and held on to their two-goal cushion.Other results: Bombay Scottish 2 (Jash Patwa 2) Beat O.L.P.S. 1 (Pise Yash 1); St. Stanislaus 'A' 1 (Nathan Fernandes 1) Beat St. Francis D'Assisi 'A' 0. Campion 2 (Yohann Dastoor 1, Shlok Jain 1) Beat St. Mary's SSC 0.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15084131", "title": "Police officer\u2019s wife commits suicide", "text": "INDORE: A 32-year-old woman reportedly committed suicide by consuming poison at her residence in MIG colony area on Friday night. The deceased, identified as Nirmala Jamara, wife of sub-Inspector Jagdish Jamara posted at the Mhow police station.She reportedly consumed poisoned on Friday night. When her condition deteriorated, she informed her family members. She was rushed to a local hospital where she breathed her last. Her husband Jagdish was earlier attached with Lasudia police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-22"}
