{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13715361", "title": "DGCA officials 'misused' free travel facility", "text": "NEW DELHI: In yet another shocker from the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA), some senior officials are now under the scanner for allegedly misusing the facility of free travel in domestic airlines for safety checks and other official work. DGCA issues aeronautical information circulars to officials for travelling on airlines for such purposes.The vigilance wing of DGCA has detected misuse of this facility where certain officials let private individuals to fly free using AICs.\"We detected some misuse of this practice. After that I have authorized only joint director generals to permit issuance of AICs and inform the DG,\" DGCA chief Bharat Bhushan said. The files of past three years on AICs have been sent to the ministry. The lid on this malpractice blew when some months back the relative of a DGCA official was found travelling as an air safety official using the AIC that was issued after getting clearance of joint DG A K Sharan. After conducting the probe, DGCA has asked Delhi Police to register a complaint against officials for this case.The officials under the scanner for misusing AICs include suspended joint DG A K Sharan; senior air safety officials Bir Singh Rai and T S Gopinath.Interestingly, no one in DGCA was able to give an estimate of the misuse of AICs by private people in connivance with officials. \"We have been issuing AICs for travel by officials in cases like they need to rush to an accident spot; for taking exam papers across the country or for safety checks.Earlier only deputy DGs or above were authorized to clear AICs. Now only joint DGs can issue the same,\" said sources.When asked for estimates, the source said about 100-300 AICs were issued every month before the alleged malpractice was discovered and now the number has fallen by half ever since joint DGs started checking the same. The facility of AICs is extended by private airlines but AI seems to be the most favored for flying free through this route.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13736505", "title": "World's fattest cat put on diet", "text": "A huge cat believed to be the world's fattest has been put on the Catkins Diet to shed nearly half his body weight.Sponge Bob the nine-year-old cat weighs a huge 2st 5lb, as much as a grown Labrador or a four-year-old kid.At 2ft with a 27in waist he's so big that he can't clean himself and even struggles to walk.Bob ballooned as his frail owner was unable to regulate his food. Now he's at a shelter, where boss Kendra Mara has put him on a high protein diet to help him shed 1st 6lb.\"We opened up the carrier and 15 people stood staring at him. He's the largest cat we've ever seen,\" Mara was quoted as saying. Meow, the fattest cow previously died at 2 st 11lb in the US last month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "kochi/melbourne", "code": "13713802", "title": "Kochi woman, sons killed in Australia house fire", "text": "KOCHI/MELBOURNE: A woman from Thevara, Ernakulam, and her two sons were charred to death in a house fire at their Clayton South home in Melbourne early on Friday.The bodies of Anitha (37), wife of George Philip, and her sons Philip George (Unni) (10) and Mathew George (6), were found in a back room of the house in Clayton South suburb. Australian media reported that the incident could be a case of murder-suicide, since detectivies have found a note, purportedly written by the woman, from the family's car. It was earlier suspected that a short-circuit could have sparked the blaze.Anitha's neighbours tried to break into the house on seeing the fire around 1 am, but were unsuccessful. Firefighters entered the house after dousing the blaze 40 minutes later, and found the bodies.Police were now investigating whether the house fire was deliberately lit. Arson and explosives chemists and crime scene detectives inspected the scene.The woman's husband, George Philip, who was on a vacation at his home near Mundakkayam, had left for Australia on Friday morning from Nedumabassery airport, unaware of the tragedy.Anitha's father C K Mathew of Chellapilliyil House in Thevara was informed who said he received a call on Friday morning from the Australian police, apprising him of the incident. They asked him to mail the photographs of the deceased.\"We don't know what had happened. But we couldn't believe the news. Officials from Australian police and other departments spoke to us over phone. They asked us to send a photo of my daughter and two grandchildren,\" said Mathew. He would be going to Melbourne to attend the funeral services of his daughter and grandsons.Media reports quoted a close friend Jeanette Pereira as saying that the community was shocked at the incident. \"She was a very good lady, a very good mother. The children were very quiet. She looked after them well,\" she said.George Philip has been working as an IT consultant for the past seven years. The family was in Canada before shifting to Australia. The boys, Philip and Mathew, were in Preparatory and Class IV, respectively, in Cleyton South's St Peter's Primary School. where 260 students gathered for a prayer service for the departed souls on Friday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "13736451", "title": "No hurry to declare PM candidate for 2014: BJP", "text": "SRINAGAR: BJP today said the party is in no hurry to name its prime ministerial candidate for 2014 Lok Sabha elections.\"We still have two years to go for the next general elections. What is the hurry (of naming the prime ministerial candidate)?\" BJP leader Rajnath Singh , who is heading a party delegation on study tour of Jammu and Kashmir, told reporters here.The former BJP president said the party will take a decision on the issue in due course of time.On the shooting of an MLA in Delhi, Singh said the national capital needs to be made \"safer\" for people.Asked about BJP's support to Anna Hazare's campaign against corruption, Singh said the party was in favour of a strong Lokpal to deal with the menace.Responding to reports that BJP president Nitin Gadkari's relatives had benefited from the 'Coalgate', he said, \"The Chhattisgarh government has issued a statement that the coal blocks were issued in open bidding and not to Gadkari.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13715480", "title": "Man gets divorce for harassment by wife", "text": "CHENNAI: Distress and social humiliation heaped on a husband by his wife by filing a false complaint and getting him arrested would amount to cruelty, which is a valid ground for divorce, the Madras high court has said.A division bench comprising Justice Elipe Dharma Rao and Justice M Venugopal, passing orders on an appeal filed by a man, said: \"The mental cruelty will continue to hurt a person throughout and any amount of healing words or healing touch would not wipe out the tears/scars, which continue to cause hurt and prick one's life.\"The man had filed a divorce plea in the family court on the ground that his wife quarrelled with him and his family members for trivial matters and frequently threatened to commit suicide unless he agreed to separate from the joint family. His petition said she later lodged a complaint of dowry harassment and ill-treatment against him and six of his family members. He was arrested and put behind the bars for 22 days. When he applied for bail, she opposed it. She also alleged that they attempted to kill her .The case, however, ended in the acquittal of the man and his family members after she informed the court that she intended to live with her husband and would not press charges against him.However, when his divorce plea was taken up for hearing, she filed a separate petition seeking restitution of conjugal rights. In April 2008, the family court dismissed his plea and refused to grant divorce. He then approached the high court.The bench said filing of a criminal case, the man's detention in judicial custody for 22 days and his acquittal by the criminal court \"clearly constituted mental cruelty meted out to him, who admittedly would have undergone a traumatic experience and humiliation in the social circle. All these acts would clearly fall within the ambit and purview of 'cruelty',\" the bench concluded, adding that the husband was entitled to the relief of divorce.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13717069", "title": "Ruckus at Puri temple over entry restriction", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Hundreds of people on Friday forcibly stormed into the sanctum sanctorum of Jagannath temple in Puri protesting against a recent order that restricted entry of pilgrims into the sanctorum.To streamline daily rituals, the 12th century shrine administration restricted the entry of pilgrims into the sanctum sanctorum nearly two months ago. Currently, devotees are allowed to enter the sanctum sanctorum only for two hours in the morning, starting from 8.30am. However, the routine for having darshan of the deities from outside the sanctum sanctorum has not been changed. Prior to the restriction, devotees could visit the sanctum sanctorum eight times a day.Opposing the reform, the mob, which included priests, pilgrims, lawyers and civil society organizations, forced their way into sanctum sanctorum, in front of helpless temple officials. They dismantled a barricade installed to prevent people from entering the sanctum sanctorum. The protestors were also up in arms against the collection of Rs 25 for close darshan of deities near the 'bhitar katha' (outer area of sanctum sanctorum) and demanded allowing free darshan.\"Our employees and police tried their best to stop the mob, but in vain. They should have not have acted like this,\" the temple's chief administrator Arvind Padhee told TOI. \"We will register cases against those, who violated the temple rule and discipline,\" said Padhee, who is also the revenue divisional commissioner (central range).Sources said Earlier, the temple administration enforced the restriction in compliance with the recent recommendations by the Justice P K Mohanty inquiry commission that was set up to probe the November 4, 2006, stampede inside the Jagannath temple. The commission then found that the stampede stemmed from the heavy presence of pilgrims in sanctum sanctorum. Four pilgrims were killed and scores injured in the mishap.\"The reform was imperative as presence of pilgrims in sanctum sanctorum was delaying the completion of rituals,\" said the temple's public relations officer Laxmidhar Pujapanda.It was alleged that the development came as a blow for a section of priests, who were minting money by allowing their guests into the sanctum sanctorum.Last week, some priests demanded revocation of the order in line with a Supreme Court order on Kalighat temple in Kolkata. The Supreme Court on May 21 stayed a Calcutta high court order banning the entry of devotees into sanctum sanctorum of the famed Kalighat shrine.\"The government did not pay heed to the SC order. Devotees are suffering by paying Rs 25 to see the deities near bhitar katha. Going by the temple record of right (RoR), devotees should be allowed inside sanctum sanctorum thrice a day,\" Talachu Bhagaban Mohapatra, a priest said.\"The non-cooperation against the new arrangement would continue until the government scraps the order,\" said Priyadarshan Pattnaik, chief of Jagannath Sena, a social outfit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13712220", "title": "Last chance for students to participate in INSPIRE", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Indian Institute of Information Technology would organise four phase-wise science exhibitions in order to give the last chance to students who had received their money during financial year 2010-11 and could not participate in INSPIRE Award exhibitions.Notably, INSIPRE Awards is the scheme of the Department of Science and Technology, Government of India and is for school students from classes VI to X.The scheme aims at popularizing science amongst the school students, with a view to invest in the budding future of the country by way of finding the hitherto hidden talent from the rural and urban population alike, through science exhibits displayed at the organized science exhibitions throughout the country.In the first-phase scheduled to be held at IIIT-A, on June 2 and 3, a total of 1872 students of eighteen districts including Allahabad, Jaunpur, Mirzapur, Hamirpur, Fatehpur, Kanpur Dehat, Banda, Jhansi, Kanpur Nagar, Raibareily, Sonbhadra, Varanasi, Santravidas Nagar, Pratapgarh, Mahoba, Chitraku, Kaushambi and Lalitpur will exhibit their models.As many as 736 students of thirteen districts Shahjahanpur, Hardoi, Bareilly, Lakhimpur-Kheri, Pilibhit, Lucknow, Sitapur, Unnao, Etawah, Farrukhabad, Auraiya , Firozabad, Mainpuri will take part in the second phase at Gurunanak Pathshala Kanya High School, Shahjahanpur on June 10 this year.Similarly, 1283 students belonging to nineteen districts- Gonda, Sultanpur, Ambedkar Nagar, Kushinagar, Bahraich, Barabanki, Faizabad, Shravasti, Balrampur, Azamgarh, Basti, Deoria, Mau, Siddharth nagar, maharajganj, Sant Kabir Nagar, Balia, Gorakhpur, Gazipur will participate in third phase to be organized at Government Girls Inter College, Gonda on June 17, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13736887", "title": "Maoists target jail vehicle in Bastar; casualities feared", "text": "BHOPAL: Maoists triggered a powerful blast and blew up a culvert near Joba nallah, between Bhanpuri and Farsaguda, about 40 kms away from Bastar's divisional headquarters of Jagdalpur in Chhattisgarh on Saturday evening.Preliminary reports said the rebels had targeted a vehicle, in which jail inmates were being taken to court but there is no independent confirmation whether the vehicle was hit or there were any casualties. The vehicle was on its way from Kondagaon to Jagdalpur. However, there could be casualities but details could be known only after security forces reach the spot.The blast took place on National Highway 16, which connects state capital Raipur to Jagdalpur, the headquarters of tribal Bastar division.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13730973", "title": "I'm fortunate to appear in Time Magazine: Sharmeen Obaid", "text": "After winning the maiden Academy Award for Pakistan, filmmaker Sharmeen Obaid is all poised to scale new heights. She says, \"A lot has happened since the Academy Awards in February in LA...I have begun work on a new series of documentary films, which are being aired for the first time on TV Channels across Pakistan. In a unique partnership with Coca-Cola, my production company SOC Films has launched a 6 part documentary series titled 'Ho Yaqeen' featuring Pakistanis doing extraordinary things and transforming their communities.\"There's more that is making Sharmeen happy these days. \"I was very fortunate to have been named by Time Magazine as one of the 100 most Influential people in the world. This positive reinforcement helps us get the message of our Academy Award winning film Saving Face out. I am also involved in two more exciting documentary ventures outside of Pakistan, which i shall share with my friends and fans later in the summer,\" says she.The first episode of the series Ho Yakeen was launched 2 weeks ago.Tune in to watch it. Part1: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hMO2M9s4Lxs Part2: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5uZXt3hJBno", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13718770", "title": "Power cuts fuel sale of inverters", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Frequent power cuts in the Tricity have led to a spurt in sale of inverters by 25-30 % in the last two weeks with supply being snapped at odd hours.\"Till three years ago, people wouldn't even buy uninterrupted power supply (UPS) for their computers in the city as Chandigarh was known for having no power trouble. But now you cannot do without an inverter,\" said Mohit Sareen, a lawyer.Dealers in the city are expecting the sale of inverters to go up 10 folds in the coming month due to rising temperature. \"In the past decade, inverters were used only in offices to avoid interruption in work, but now the condition has changed. Due to long hours of power cuts inverters are a must have at home nowadays,\" says R K Bedi, a businessman.\"People are not only coming in to buy new inverters, but also to get their old ones repaired with longer lasting batteries as cuts are much longer these days,\" says Vijay Singh Rana, a dealer in Sector 40. Ekta Manchanda, who owns an inverter agency in Sector 26, said she has earned a profit of more than Rs 50,000 by selling inverters in the past one month.\"We have registered an increase in sale of inverters from about 25-30% in the past 10 days. With June being the peak season, the sale will only go up,\" said Raj Bhinder, an agency owner in Sector 45.\"We also can't do without inverters in our shops due to frequent power cuts,\" added Vikram Hans, an electronics dealer from Sector 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13717527", "title": "Minister's absence raises brows", "text": "RANCHI: The absence of the chief guest and education minister, Baijnath Ram, and a very special guest, the secretary of human resource development department, B K Tripathy, at the official function of the declaration of intermediate results of the Jharkhand Academic Council on Friday raised many questions.When the chairperson of JAC, Laxmi Singh, was asked if their absence was a result of the confusion created at the release of the matriculation results on May 10, Singh replied, \"That was a very minor confusion and can happen any time. I am not the education minister and so cannot say why he did not come. Both the minister and the secretary informed me that they were not well so they could not attend the programme.\"When the matriculation results were released on May 10, the toppers' list was erogenous and had to be re-checked and re-announced. This created confusion.Educationist Ganga Prasad said, \"I feel the minister and secretary avoided coming to the programme because of the confusion last time. It was very embarrassing as they released the wrong list. But I cannot say what is the exact reason.\"This year, both the children of the education minister appeared for the intermediate examination. They had failed to clear the test the previous year. Unfortunately this year, too, they failed to pass.Prabhat, son of Ram, appeared for the commerce examination from the Doranda College and scored only 183 out of 600 marks, while the daughter of the minister, Poonam, who also appeared for the same examination from the same college, scored 240 out of 600 marks.When approached, Ram said, \"All the students of the state are my children. As far as Poonam and Prabhat's results are concerned, they are not in the city now and I do not have their roll numbers. So I cannot say anything.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13714614", "title": "Palasgaon tiger stable, crying for space", "text": "NAGPUR: The Palasgaon tiger, which is undergoing treatment at Seminary Hills nursery, for little over a month is reported to stable and is fast recovering.The full-grown tiger had suffered injuries on left paw and subsequent internal complications after getting entangled in a metal trap laid by poachers near a water hole in Gondmohadi near Tadoba-Andhari Tiger Reserve ( TATR) on April 26. It was shifted to Nagpur on April 27.Team of veterinary doctors treating the tiger say the animal is stable and is fast recovering. The tiger's liver functioning is absolutely normal and this has possibly improved its appetite. The urea-creatinine levels, which were high 15 days ago, now are within the range.\"Looking at its condition, no medicines are being given to the tiger. For the past eight days, it is consuming around 2.5kg meat,\" vets said.They added as the injury is deep, the wound on the left paw, which was entangled in the metal trap, may take over two months to heal. The tiger is resisting treatment to the injured leg. However, turmeric powder is being applied to the wound.\"The movements of the animal are swift but it is crying for space. If it is shifted in a bigger cage, the recovery will be more fast. There are no chances of the tiger regaining the nails, lost due to trap injuries,\" sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13716497", "title": "Judicial probe ordered into lawyer taking 'money for HC judge' allegation by litigant", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab and Haryana high court on Friday ordered a judicial inquiry into the shocking claims made by a litigant during a court hearing on Wednesday that he had given Rs 36 lakh to his lawyer, out of which, Rs 34 lakh was meant for HC judges to settle an ongoing case in his favour.A division bench headed by Justice Rajive Bhalla ordered the district and sessions judge (vigilance) to conduct an inquiry into the allegations made by litigants Darshan Singh and Jaswant Singh and the reply filed by counsel Satvinder Singh Sisodia on the issue.Justice Bhalla also directed the litigants and the lawyer to appear before the sessions judge (vigilance) in connection with the matter.When the matter came up for hearing before the court on Friday, Sisodia submitted an affidavit in his defence in which he claimed that the litigants had taken Rs 25 lakh from him.Sisodia, however, neither denied nor accepted whether he had taken Rs 36 lakh from the litigant.Senior advocate, Anupam Gupta, who was present in the courtroom to assist the court in the matter, stated that it was very surprising that Sisodia has not addressed the main charge of receiving Rs 32 lakh from the litigants, apparently meant for HC judges.Meanwhile, chairman of the bar council, Lekhraj Sharma informed the court that a parallel inquiry into the matter may be conducted by a senior advocate. However, opposing the same, Gupta said that any parallel inquiry would complicate the matter further and would serve no purpose. Thereafter, the court ordered a judicial inquiry.On Wednesday, Darshan Singh, a resident of Tajalpur village in Patiala district informed the bench headed by Justice Bhalla that he had engaged Satvinder Singh Sisodia in 2009 as his counsel in a land dispute case. Darshan Singh alleged that Sisodia charged Rs 38 lakh from him for getting the case decided in his favour.Visibly surprised over the serious allegations, Justice Bhalla immediately recorded his statement and issued show cause notice to advocate Sisodia. The matter would now come up for hearing on July 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13719546", "title": "Indian Airlines management perplexed at passenger's case", "text": "MANGALORE: The Indian Airlines (AI) management was left puzzled after a passenger possessing a Bahrain-Mangalore boarding card landed at the Bajpe Airport here.\"How can such multiple-level checking failures occur? The first mistake occurred during check-in when the passenger was issued a Bahrain-Mangalore boarding card. But what was the passenger doing? We understand that the passenger was not in a proper state of mind after his child's death. But how can one miss the announcements? Moreover, the passenger spoke good Hindi. At some point, he should have realized that he had boarded the wrong flight, at least by looking at the interiors of the aircraft,\" the AI official said.The airhostess, he said, could not be blamed because the passenger had a Bahrain-Mangalore boarding card. It is not known who realized the lapse, but it was brought to the notice of the Mumbai AI office by the flight commander half an hour before the flight was to land at Bajpe.The AI official said the AIE bore full expenses for the passenger's travel from Mangalore to Dubai and Dhaka. \"We will be taking up the issue with the ground handling agent,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13712612", "title": "Special courts to speed up feticide cases", "text": "JAIPUR: The law department gave its nod for seven upper chief judicial magistrate courts, which will hear cases related to violation of pre-conception, pre-natal and diagnostic techniques (PCPNDT) Act 1994.Chief minister Ashok Gehlot met chief justice Rajasthan High Court demanding special courts for early disposal of female feticide cases. The demand for separate courts was raised after Aamir Khan had taken up the issue in the first episode of his serial.District and session judges, chief judicial/metropolitan magistrate will define jurisdiction of these courts as under Indian Penal Code. These courts would be set up at Ajmer, Bikaner, Bharatpur, Jaipur, Jodhpur, Kota and Udaipur. These courts will be set up with immediate effect.Principal health secretary BN Sharma said, around 308 cases have been filed so far in various courts of the state for the violation of PCPNDT Act.Several cases have been pending in various courts for the last four to five years.According to the medical, health and family welfare department figures, 53 cases till June 2009, 77 cases till June 2010, 165 cases till March 2011 and 308 cases till March 2012 have been filed against the violators of PCPNDT Act.The medical health and family welfare department claimed that they have stepped up efforts to improve the sex ratio. Sharma said that directions have been issued to instal silent trackers at all sonography centres within three months.Moreover, chief secretary CK Mathew ordered collectors to launch a 15-point programme in their respective districts for the proper implementation of the PCPNDT Act.Rajasthan has registered the most number of cases in the country but there's been no conviction yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13713679", "title": "Under Right To Education Act, girls to get preference over boys for admissions", "text": "NAGPUR: Girls in state will have the upper hand when it comes to admissions for the 25% free seat quota under the Right To Education Act. The 25% quota is applicable for the entry point of a school, either KG or Std I.Sanjay Deshmukh, state project director of Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan, said, \"Keeping in view the skewed gender ratio it has been decided to give the girl child preference. So, basically, if there are 10 seats in a school and 10 female applicants, then all of them will get admissions regardless of the number of boys waiting.\"While on a visit to the city, Deshmukh spoke to TOI on the strict provisions within the RTE to ensure its full implementation. \"Every school that is covered under the RTE will have to file an annual return regarding the status of its 25% free seat quota. The return's format has been prepared and after admissions are over the school will file the same with the district education officer,\" he said.Deshmukh is known to be the brains behind the RTE implementation in Maharashtra and his project is part of Maharashtra Prathmik Shikshan Parishad. Deshmukh and his team have been brainstorming to plug all legal loopholes that schools can use to escape the 25% free seat reservation - the result was a 22-page notification readied last week which is considered ironclad with all legal provisions.However this notification, one of the longest for the education department, is only for implementation in the academic year 2012-13. Around October another notification will be issued which will give all schools a calendar to follow regarding admissions. Before the admission process starts schools will have to display on their notice boards number of seats under the 25% free quota.Also, the admission process will have to be conducted through a lottery system in the presence of a group of parents and a representative of the education officer. Deshmukh added, \"The waiting list of students must be at least 50% of the total capacity so that fresh applications are not called for.\"The state government has made provision to have the entire admission process recorded on-camera to avoid any disputes later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13715501", "title": "India votes for independent probe in Houla massacre", "text": "NEW DELHI: India on Friday voted in favour a UN Human Rights Council resolution to order an independent probe to hunt those guilty of the massacre in Syria's Houla's city.\"We expect that the commission of inquiry will be able to identify those responsible for these heinous attacks and provide clarity on the events that led to it,\" Indian envoy to the Geneva-based council said explaining India's vote in favour of the resolution.\"We sincerely hope all concerned will cooperate to ensure an objective process of inquiry into these terrible events,\" the envoy said.India has consistently supported all efforts to resolve the Syrian crisis through an inclusive Syrian-led process and has backed the mission of joint special envoy Kofi Annan .\"We strongly condemn the El-Houla incident, which has resulted in death of over a hundred innocent civilians including women and children and have therefore intended to vote for this resolution. The incident underscores what the situation can lead to if there is any further delay in the complete cessation of violence,\" the Indian envoy said.\"We strongly believe that all parties need to abjure violence for there to be a genuine chance for a realistic and lasting solution to the Syrian crisis. We urge all sides to comply with their obligations under the Annan plan,\" the envoy said.UN High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay said the Houla massacre could constitute a \"crime against humanity\".Forty-one of the 47-member council backed a call urging an investigation by the Commission of Inquiry on Syria , set up by the council last year to gather evidence on alleged rights abuses there.Only Russia , China and Cuba voted against the resolution which they said was \"unbalanced\" as it presumed the guilt of the Syrian authorities.Ecuador and Uganda abstained while the Philippines was absent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13733431", "title": "Nag, Chaitu, Nageswara Rao to do a Vikram film", "text": "Looks like the dream combination of Akkineni Nageswara Rao, Nagarjuna and Naga Chaitanya is finally taking shape. 'King' Akkineni Nagarjuna was impressed with the story line of Vikram Kumar of \"Ishq\" fame. It seems the director recently met the actor and narrated him the storyline, and the buzz is that Nag was happy with the plot line and had asked him to prepare the complete bound script. So if the characters of all the three Akkineni heroes are in sync with the script, then could see the 'trio' coming together for this film.Nagarjuna, on the other hand, is working at blitzkrieg speed these days. He's currently dubbing for \"Damarukam\", shooting for the devotional film \"Shirdi Sai Baba\" and also working on Dasharath's \"love story\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13720283", "title": "In praise of Haliyal drinking water unit", "text": "HUBLI: Rajasthan chief minister Ashok Gehlot , who visited the pure drinking water unit at Haliyal, was visibly impressed with the project.The water unit, set up in Haliyal by the KH Patil Foundation, supplies drinking water to villagers at an affordable rate. The minister is keen on emulating the model and setting up similar units in his home state Rajasthan.He said he will send teams of officials from Rajasthan to study the project. The innovative project, a brainchild of former minister HK Patil entails a water vending unit in which people can insert a one rupee can and get 10 litres of pure drinking water. A can is given to each household to fill water.Former minister HK Patil and former MP IG Sanidi and others were present during Ashok Gehlot's visit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13715930", "title": "Haryana hikes license fee for colonization", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After house tax, the Haryana cabinet has targeted real estate sector in the state by approving the proposal of town and country planning department to increase the license fee for residential plots, group housing and industrial colonies.Details of the increased rates shall be notified in the next couple of days, officials in the town and country planning department said. The increased rates of licence fee may impact property rates, especially in new colonies coming up in Gurgaon, Faridabad, Sonepat and Panchkula districts, sources said.The cabinet also decided to include Gwal Pahari of Gurgaon in high potential zone. Currently, besides Gurgaon, other districts included in high potential zone are Faridabad, Sonepat and Panchkula, while Prithala of Palwal district has been included in the category of medium potential zone.Inclusion of Gwal Pahari and Pirthala was made after making changes in section 25 (1) of Punjab Scheduled Roads and Controlled Areas Restrictions of Unregulated Development Act, 1963, sources said.The cabinet also approved increase in conversion charges for hotels, motels with banquet facility and resort projects.It was decided that the schedule of conversion charges and licence fee would include distinction of controlled area as per earlier provisions of Punjab Scheduled Roads and Controlled Areas Restriction of Unregulated Development Act, 1963 i.e. section 4(1) (a) while section 4(1) (b) has been done away with.The separate category of conversion charges for commercial units like hotels, motels with banquet facilities and resorts will include existing commercial rates and 50% equivalent of licence fee and infrastructure development charges as applicable for commercial licences in hyper potential zone and 25% equivalent of licence fee and infrastructure development charges in other zones.It was also decided to prescribe licence fee for commercial colonies for above 150 FAR in case of high-I, medium and low potential zone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13716358", "title": "Brahmeshwar's killing: CM assures stern action, appeals for peace", "text": "PATNA: Assuring a hard-nosed approach and equally strong follow-up action to bring to the book the guilty of the killing of Ranvir Sena founder Brahmeshwar Singh, alias Barmesar Mukhiya, chief minister Nitish Kumar , on Friday, appealed to people of the state to maintain peace, order and restraint.The CM, who has been at Bhagalpur since Wednesday evening on his pre-announced Seva Yatra, said social harmony should be maintained at any cost. He said all the senior officials of the police administration were camping at Ara and also keeping vigil on the situation.The CM said stern action would be taken against the culprits. DGP Abhayanand had already reached Ara to coordinate police action.Ara town, where unidentified gunmen killed Singh early Friday morning while he was on his usual morning walk, is the headquarters of Bhojpur district which has been relatively peaceful since August 29, 2002, the day Singh had been arrested at Patna and sent to the Beur jail. He was deemed to be the 'mastermind' of a series of massacres of people who supported various underground outfits of the extreme Left groups - mainly CPI(ML) - from September 1994, the year Ranvir Sena was formed.Prior to that, however, Bhojpur, along with adjoining districts of Patna, Aurangabad, Gaya, Arwal and Jehanabad, was scarred by Naxal violence (also of Maoists and other extreme Left groups), and retributive violence by private militia of landlords and middle peasants (Kunwar Sena, Bhoomi Sena, Kisan Kranti Sangh, and several other caste-based outfits) formed periodically from the early 1970s right through the 1980s.Given the backdrop, the CM has, obviously, foreseen the likely return of the 'old era of violent Bihar' that earned the state obnoxious and morally debilitating epithets such as 'killing fields', 'bad land' and 'a state difficult to govern', among several others, and accordingly, has pitched for a strong follow-up police action to nip the violence in the bud before it is too late.Incidentally, deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi spoke on the same line, insisting that bringing the area back to the normal is the singular concern of people. Besides, he appealed to the people to be circumspect.As to the growing demand for a CBI probe into the killing of Singh, Modi said it was not a big thing, but the first requirement is that things return to normal for the government to recommend a CBI probe into the incident. \"In any case, the decision has to be taken at the CM level,\" Modi said, adding, \"Peace and order is of utmost priority.\"Meanwhile, even as former Bihar CM Lalu Prasad was the first to demand a CBI probe into the killing of Singh, the state Congress chief, Choudhary Mehboob Ali Kaiser, took it a step ahead, stating that a Congress delegation would submit a memorandum to President Pratibha Singh Patil demanding a CBI probe if the state government did not recommend it. The state Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) general secretaries, Ashok Kumar and Chandrashekhar Singh, too, demanded a high-level inquiry into the murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13714096", "title": "\u2018VAT is already low in state, so no rollback\u2019", "text": "GURGAON: The Haryana government has refused to follow its counterpart in Delhi and slash the VAT on petrol. The government claimed that the state already levies one of the lowest VATs in the country.The decision not to change the VAT on petrol was taken in a cabinet meeting held in Chandigarh. Haryana levy 20 % VAT on petrol which is lower than other adjoining states including Punjab.Speaking to TOI, excise minister Kiran Chowdhary said, \"The VAT on petrol is lowest in Haryana and therefore there was no need to reduce it further. Even after the reduction of VAT on petrol in Delhi and some other places, the petrol cost in Haryana remains lower.\"However, Chowdhary said that the VAT on hospital products has been brought down from 12.5 % to 4 %. These include products like operation tables, syringes, surgical lights and others which are manufactured in the state.Calling the reduction a calculated move, she said: \"The cabinet decided to reduce the VAT on hospital products because it will have twin benefits: first, it will boost the industry based in the state and also attract investors from other states. In addition to this, it will also help hospitals.\" The state has decided to reduce VAT on Bitumen Emulsion and Crumb Rubber Modified Bitumen (CRMB) from 12.5 per cent to five per cent.\"This step has been taken because several road construction projects are in the pipeline in the state. The reduction of the VAT will lead to an increased procurement of CRMB from the sate,\" said the minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13717324", "title": "They\u2019re not just a drink after meals", "text": "The pale red alder wooden door stays half open as the waning sun passes through its grills, waiting for its evening visitor and owner of the homegrown tavern.A royal warrant in green announcing one of the world's famous lagers overlooks the towering Sukhraj Grewal.The tired farmer and purveyor of fine spirits is itching to saddle up for his first bout of the day.While other men will pucker up their favourite scotches, Grewal will hook a punch of another liquid mystery.\"They are liqueurs. And, they are not for the moderate spenders,\" the 42-year-old whispers as he ensconces himself on the bar stool. He taps his fingers on bottles, all decked in shimmer and glam.\"Few drink to get drunk. And then there are those who participate in a celebration of artisanship. Count me among those,\" he tells, pointing at his collection.One of them has gold flakes swooshing around like sand particles in a billionaire's snow-globe.In big bold black letters, the bottle reads Goldschlager Cinnamon Schnapps Liqueur.Within minutes, there is an overpowering scent of cinnamon oil onto his nose as he pours a 30-ml Schnapps on crushed ice in a glass.\"Beware of this combustible drink. Always use good judgment before you take a notion to drink. Let's face it. At 43.5% alcohol, this stuff isn't going to play cat and mouse with you,\" he chuckles.The name is German, meaning \"golden bat\" and the palate has a sweet, syrupy quality with very marked, hot spicy flavours that linger.The 750 ml tiny bottle with a wide bottom and wide body comes for $150, nearly Rs 9,000.With the market for the yellow metal warming up everyday, digesting these gold flakes could be an expensive affair.The grapevine has it that these precious little flakes are good for health, he informs.\"With the first sip, and I do recommend sipping as opposed to guzzling, you will experience a satin like flow that is graceful as it swirls around and under your tongue,\" he says.At this time, the 21-inch LCD screen mounted on one of the walls shows a recorded live fashion week from Paris. Taking a cue from the fashion capital, he moves onto his other prized collectible - Chambord Royale Deluxe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13712808", "title": "Now, MLAs want personal security", "text": "NEW DELHI: The assembly witnessed melodrama on Friday after a Congress MLA burst into tears narrating his harassment by extortionists, and other legislators joined him in criticizing the police for a law and order 'breakdown' with stories about similar calls and attacks on their vehicles.\"If we as MLAs cannot be safe, what do we promise our people? My case stands unsolved despite my pursuing it with the CM, the area DCP and the ACP. The accused continue to call me and my son, and threaten to kill us if we do not pay them Rs 50 lakh,\" said a sobbing Jaswant Rana, MLA from Narela, while demanding private security for the city's MLAs.Reacting to Rana's plea and the charged atmosphere, speaker Yoganand Shastri has promised to take up the matter with the lieutenant governor on Saturday. \"We all know how Delhi Police is working. Considering the seriousness of the issue and the emotions attached to it, I want to assure all the MLAs here that I will personally take up the issue with the LG tomorrow. I would also request chief minister Sheila Dikshit to come along with me so that the issue can be pressed,\" said Shastri, who has also asked police commissioner BK Gupta to come to the assembly on June 5.Dikshit assured MLAs that concrete steps will be taken soon. \"Security of our MLAs, irrespective of the party, is paramount to us and we will take up this issue,\" she said.\"It's only in Delhi that MLAs are in such a bad state while even divisional commissioners, the principal secretary and sub-divisional magistrates are given security,\" said Shoaib Iqbal, MLA from the Walled City who complained of goons attacking his car on Thursday night.\"Last night when I was returning home from a function around 1 am, three unidentified men who were following us tried to attack our car with lathis. Had we been given security, they would not have dared,\" he added. Surender Singh, MLA from Bawana, also asked for personal security, saying the law and order condition in his constituency had become so bad that many industries had to wind up. Another MLA, Narender Nath, also complained of a threat call.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13712451", "title": "Panel clears investment of Rs 6,300 crore in Rajasthan", "text": "JAIPUR: The state empowered committee under the chairmanship of chief secretary cleared the way for investment of more than Rs 6,300 crore in Rajasthan on Friday. These approved investment projects will now be placed before the state cabinet which is likely to be convened next week.Chambal Fertilizers and Chemicals Limited which already has two plants at Gadepan in Kota district will make an investment of Rs 4,600 crore through its expansion at the existing facility. A new plant that will come up will have the production capacity of 13 lakh tonnes urea per year. The earlier two plants have a combined capacity to produce about 20 lakh tonnes of urea per annum.JCB India, an earthmover machines manufacturer will make an investment of Rs 500 crore and set up a manufacturing plant in Mahindra World City (SEZ) at Ajmer Road. In its Jaipur plant the company will make a backhoe loader, fabrication units and other parts and components.\"The company already has plants at Pune and Ballabgarh in Haryana and both combined have an investment of Rs 900 crore. Project in Rajasthan will be the single highest investment made by the company and generate an employment for more than 1000 people. We expect that with JCB setting up its plant in Jaipur, more ancillary firms will also come up,\" said sources.Confirming the news that these projects have been approved in the meeting, Purushottam Agarwal, commissioner (investment &amp; NRI's) bureau of investment promotion said, \"There is a positive perception about investment climate in Rajasthan and many industries have shown their interest in investing here. There are good proposals in the pipeline which are under consideration and examination.\"Another major investment which was cleared by the empowered committee is of Hero MotoCorp Ltd.The company will set up a research and design (R&D;) institute, manufacturing plant of high-end two-wheelers and a global parts center. The R&D; plant will come up at Kukas while other two will be in Neemrana. The investment is expected to generate direct jobs for 1000 people.The high-end two-wheelers plant will be the fourth manufacturing unit of the company. The global parts center will make the auto components which will be exported in other parts of the world.A proposal for a hotel at Udaipur was also approved. The investment is of Rs. 86 crore made by a New York-based doctor. The land on which the hotel will come up belongs to the NRI but the government has given relaxation in land conversion and taxes.\"For all the investments the government has provided customized incentive packages. There are 7-8 more proposals which will be put before the cabinet. All of them have come because of lucrative schemes provided by the state government.\" said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13712641", "title": "Pilar Fathers release Konkani movie", "text": "'Mhaka Zabab Zai', a Konkani movie produced by Fr Lucas Rodrigues, Fr Francis Rosario and Fr Peter Soares was released by Pilar Fathers at the Pilar church on Thursday. The purpose of the project is to support the Pilar Missions. Fr Lucas, in his latest film, seeks to delve into the mindscape of people driven to such a moment of faith-crisis when God 'fails' to help us in their needs. The story revolves around two families inundated with a torrent of difficulties and a cascade of mishaps. A battle ensues to come to terms with this cruel reality with even the missionary priest brother who has been alleviating the suffering and, bringing hope to people living on the margins of society in riot-torn Gujarat seemingly lost to reconcile this predicament with events unfolding in his own family. The movie was released by Fr Frederick Rodrigues and Fr Hilario Fernandes in the presence of other dignatories.Extended office timings: In public interest, the department of printing and stationery has extended the timing of the public sales counter at Panaji up to 7.30pm on all working days from Monday to Friday from May 31 onwards.Veterinary seats for Goa students: The Goa government has reserved seats in professional degree course in the Bachelor of Veterinary Science and Animal Husbandry for Goan students, at Rajiv Gandhi college of veterinary and animal science, Puducherry. Interested students seeking admission for the professional degree course in the Bachelor of Veterinary Science and Animal Husbandry, at Rajiv Gandhi College of Veterinary and Animal Science, Puducherry should contact in person, the deputy director (planning), directorate of animal husbandry and veterinary services, Pashusamvardhan Bhavan, Patto, Panaji, on June 4 during office hours.POWER SHUTDOWNPalolem (June 2): Between 9am and 2pm. Areas to be affected are Palolem, Ovrem, Colomba and Patnem.Karapur (June 2): Between 8.30am and 2pm. Sarvan-Karapur will be affected.Surla (June 2): Between 2pm and 5.30pm. Areas to be affected are Pale and Surla villages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "13717589", "title": "IAP panel sanctions devpt schemes worth Rs 3cr", "text": "LOHARDAGA: In an important meeting on Friday, the district-level Integrated Action Plan (IAP) committee sanctioned different development schemes worth Rs 3.10 crore.Deputy commissioner Ratan Kumar who is the official chairman of the three-member IAP district committee presided over the meeting where a detailed discussion on better implementation of the schemes was held in the presence of SP Jitendra Kumar Singh, one of the three members of the committee, nodal officer Vinoy Kumar, executive engineers of NREP, REO and district engineers.The nodal officer said renovation work of Anusuchit Jan Jati Avashiya Vidhyalaya at Peshrar block, BS College hostel no 2 for girls and restoration of 40 passenger shades on the pathways will be carried out, soon. Among the new schemes, scheme for construction of various roads including Zido to Zingi REO road and Dobang to Faida Toli Mahadeo Manda road have been sanctioned. Proposal for girls' toilet construction in BS College was also sanctioned in the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13713779", "title": "How Pyaribabu's plans to topple Odisha govt came unstuck", "text": "NEW DELHI: An MLA sneaking out of a hotel where dissident BJD MLAs were camping in the guise of a waiter and two other MLAs who gave their minders a slip in the early hours of Wednesday helped thwart a coup against Odisha chief minister Naveen Patnaik .The revolt of some 30-odd BJD MLAs took Patnaik's loyalists by surprise and it took them a few hours to gather their wits by which time dissident leader Pyari Mohan Mohapatra spirited the legislators to a prominent Bhubaneswar hotel seen as a politically \"safe\" zone.The Patnaik camp believed the rebels intended to meet Odisha Governor Murli Bhandare on May 30 morning, a development loyalists feared would set into motion the fall of the BJD government. They worked phones feverishly, getting constituents and family members to call the MLAs to urge them to retrace their steps.Pressure tactics worked with a dissident MLA Sushant Singh donning a server's uniform and pushing a cart to the kitchen area from where he made good his escape on a two-wheeler waiting for him. Patnaik's managers soon got him on TV while looking for more defections.Sources said it was after 3am that two more MLAs got out, apparently taking advantage of their sentinels nodding off, perhaps due to the effects of a heavy dinner and liquid refreshments.Once the MLAs told TV channels of how Mohapatra asked them to sign papers supporting him as leader of the legislative party, the dissident leader - a one-time right hand man of the CM - was on the defensive and had to eventually call a press conference to deny a split in the party.But the situation was indeed precarious on the night of May 29. In faraway London , the CM was shocked by the rebellion and at one time seemed angrily resigned to the government being toppled when told that dissidents were backed by Congress, some BJP, NCP and Independent MLAs.Mohapatra had roughly one-third of BJD MLAs with him, not enough for a split any longer but enough to set off a chain reaction if paraded before the governor. It is believed that no less than 10 ministers were waiting in the wings and the presiding officers of the Odisha assembly were being approached as well.As the tide turned, Patnaik regained his spirits and set off for India to arrive at a tumultuous reception on Thursday. By then, his supporters like BJD MPs Bhartruhari Mahtab and Tathagata Satpathy had turned the CM's residence Naveen Niwas into a rallying point for loyal MLAs and homing dissidents. MPs who had sat firmly on the fence now asserted their fealty.BJD sources maintain that Mohapatra's failed bid to unseat Patnaik had the backing of Congress leaders waiting for the dissidents to make their move. The plotters do not seem to have anticipated strength of public sentiment and the ability of the Patnaik camp to pressure the breakaway MLAs who were inundated with emotional appeals.The tactics paid off with disgruntled MLAs who had attended a meeting at Mohapatra's resident beginning to have second thoughts about backing him as chief of the legislative party. As for Mohapatra, described as \"chanakya\" and \"shakuni\" in the same breath, the ex-IAS seems to have shot his bolt and missed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13713594", "title": "PM Manmohan Singh calls for immediate ceasefire in Syria", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Friday called for immediate ceasefire in Syria, saying that India was fully behind the six-point plan proposed by UN-Arab League envoy Kofi Annan to end the ongoing conflict in the West Asian nation. Singh made the remark in a meeting with Iran foreign minister Ali Akbar Salehi , who met him on Friday morning to invite him for the upcoming NAM summit in Tehran .Government sources said that Singh accepted the invitation from Salehi, but did not commit to visiting Iran later this year to attend the summit. \"No decision has been taken yet on whether he will go,\" said a source, speaking on the PM's behalf. This was even as Singh spoke about the importance of NAM in dealing with regional and global issues. Salehi told the PM that Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad would be happy to receive him in Tehran.India on Friday voted in favour of a US-backed resolution at UN Human Rights Council condemning the massacre at El-Houla, in which more than 100 people were killed, and asking for independent and transparent probe into it.Singh has attended both the NAM summits held earlier during his tenure as the PM - Havana in 2006 and Sharm-el-Sheikh in 2009. Replying to a query from TOI earlier, while he was returning from Myanmar , Singh had said that he would decide after receiving the invite from Salehi.Singh and Salehi, however, had an extended discussion on Syria with which Iran enjoys more than considerable influence. Salehi is said to have agreed with Singh that ceasefire and full implementation of the plan, including arriving at a peaceful settlement through a political dialogue, was important. The US has accused Iran of playing a \"malignant\" role in Syria, saying that it continues to encourage Bashar al-Assad when it was absolutely essential for him to step down to end the conflict. Singh told Salehi that as a UNSC member, India will work towards peaceful resolution of the conflict.Earlier this week, Annan had expressed dissatisfaction with the manner in which his plan was being implemented saying that things were at a \"tipping point\". He said bold steps were required to end violence.The foreign ministry had only a few days ago issued a travel advisory asking Indian nationals to avoid all non-essential travel to Syria after two Indians were reported to have died in violence at the Syria-Iraq border.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "13719924", "title": "Leopard killed in Jorhat for mauling two", "text": "JORHAT: An adult female leopard was beaten to death in a retaliatory act by villagers at Elengi Kharkhowagaon in Titabor sub-division of Jorhat district on Thursday night. The leopard had attacked the villagers earlier, leaving two of them critically injured.The injured are now undergoing treatment at Jorhat Medical College Hospital. They were identified as Nafu Kurmi and Diganta Gogoi.Forest beat officer (Titabor) Lakhinath Boruah said, \"We found the carcass of an adult female leopard at Elengi Kharkhowagaon on Thursday night. The animal was about seven years old and it had sustained grievous injuries.\"He added, \"The big cat had earlier attacked two persons in the village and injured them, creating a panic situation in the area. The locals then came out in large numbers with sharp weapons to kill the animal. They attacked the leopard and beat it to death on the spot. The big cat lost its legs and was even beheaded.\"He added that forest officials rushed to the spot on receiving the information, but it was too late. The animal was dead by the time they reached the spot. Boruah added that an investigation has been launched to nail the guilty persons, but the main culprits are yet to be identified.On April 10, a woman names Komoli Gowala was killed in a leopard attack in Titabor area. Komoli was a tea worker and she was attacked by the big cat while working in the garden. Later, forest staffs trapped the 12-year-old female leopard in a cage and it was shifted to Kaziranga National Park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "ahmeadbad", "code": "13711369", "title": "Postal scheme fraud: Halani's husband, his secretary arrested", "text": "AHMEADBAD: City police arrested the husband of Ansuya Halani and his secretary on Friday in connection with postal scheme fraud. Halani, 50, had committed suicide on April 5 opposite Kalupur railway station after the postal savings scheme subscribers started forming a beeline outside her home to withdraw their money.Police have also recovered Rs 15 lakh from two bank accounts in the name of Mukesh Halani and Falguni Patel. Patel works as secretary for Halani, said police.Halani, a resident of Suryacity in Maninagar, was found unconscious near AMTS depot opposite Kalupur railway station by her brother-in-law after which she was rushed to Shardaben Hospital. She was diagnosed with poisoning and was declared dead the next day morning.Halani was accused in a cheating case of Rs 5.61 lakh registered with Odhav police. Police had also received seven complaints against her, totaling Rs 14 lakh. Police said that Halani was in a financial crunch and wanted to raise money when the incident took place. At that time, investigators explored the possibility that Mukesh and a government official might be involved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13712178", "title": "Hakim committee orders 2nd survey of taxis from today", "text": "MUMBAI: The Hakim committee has ordered a second survey of taxis in both the island city and the suburbs to ascertain the actual operational costs of cabbies. The survey will decide the future fare hike and whether it is justified to increase fares by a few rupees.Sources said that there could be a hike of at least Rs 2 in taxi fares soon. But the Hakim panel wants to study the \"ground realities\" and the expenses actually incurred by taxi drivers before devising a formula for fare hike.The survey, which will begin from the Wadala RTO on Saturday, will be carried out using 10 black-and-yellow taxis as 'samples'. Similar surveys will be carried out on ten taxis each at Tardeo and Andheri RTOs.\"We will have cabs of various models and they will be run as usual on the road, picking up passengers for short or long distances,\" said deputy RTO Abhay Deshpande. Each taxi will be followed by a three-member team comprising an RTO official, a union member and a consumer group activist. \"The three will record the distance travelled by the taxi, the average mileage (no of kms run for a kg a gas) for every car model, the total productive distance (with passengers), the dead kms (without passengers), etc,\" said assistant RTO Tanaji Chavan. The survey will be conducted for three days after which the report will be submitted to the panel by next Friday.Said Andheri regional transport officer A N Bhalchandra, \"We conducted a survey of taxis in April. But this time the sample strength has been doubled. Besides, we are trying to look at all the parameters which have an impact on the driver's earnings.\" Deputy RTO Jeevan Bansod from Tardeo RTO said that the survey will be conducted for an eight-hour shift each day. At Tardeo, it will be over by Wednesday and the report will be ready by next day.Unions had submitted a report of their expenses recently in which it had mentioned that the average earning of a cabbie should be Rs 6.20 lakh per annum to meet all expenses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13711401", "title": "3 nabbed for robbing auto passengers", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Sarkhej police arrested, on Thursday night, three persons involved in robberies. The trio has confessed to one incident in which they had robbed an autorickshaw passenger on May 26.According to Sarkhej police officials, a team led by inspector S N Chaudhary was on vehicle-checking drive when it stopped an autorickshaw on the basis of a tip-off and detained the three. The trio confessed to robbery during questioning. The trio was identified as Shakeel Maniar, 20; Shahrukh Shaikh, 19; and Abdul Sattar Maniar, 25 - all residents of Sarkhej.\"Shakeel used to drive the auto and remaining two used to pose as passengers,\" said a Sarkhej police official. \"They used to take another person in and later drive to a secluded spot to rob the passenger. On May 26, they had taken Kanu Bamaniya, a resident of Bavla, near Fatewadi canal and had robbed him of Rs 2,800 cash and four mobile phones. We have recovered the goods.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13717411", "title": "After tigress, Priyanka adopts lioness Sundari", "text": "RANCHI: Bollywood actor Priyanka Chopra has adopted lioness Sundari at Ranchi zoo. The actor on Friday provided a cheque of Rs 2 lakh to the zoo authorities for its upkeep and wellbeing. The cheque has been issued by Priyanka Chopra foundation and the adoption will be valid for a period of one year from 2012 to 2013.Earlier, Chopra adopted tigress Durga for the year 2011-12.The period of the contract for the tigress ended on April 30. \"This time the actor has shown her interests in adopting a lion. However, nothing specific has not been written in the letter which accompanied the cheque,\" said zoo director P K Verma.However, a family member of Chopra from Jamshedpur, told zoo authorities, later in the evening that the actor wants continuation of her earlier adoption.Besides Chopra, for the first time a city couple adopted two animals.Ramesh Chakraborty and his wife have jointly adopted one monkey and one spotted eagle.The couple respectively paid Rs 16,000 and Rs 8,000 for adopting the animal and the bird.Animal adoption was introduced at Ranchi zoo in 2011.Corporates have also shown great interest in adopting zoo natives, lately.Steel Authority of India Limited had adopted three elephants for a sum of Rs 35.85 lakh and a period of five years, MECON had adopted three leopards and one tiger for a sum of Rs 17.25 lakh also for a period of five years.The Punjab National Bank head office in the city has adopted all the seven Indian peacocks in the zoom for Rs 1.85 lakh. All the corporate adoptions were made in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13713313", "title": "Miffed Siddaramaiah resigns as Congress legislative Party leader", "text": "BANGALORE: A disarrayed Congress on Friday suffered the latest blow with a miffed Siddaramaiah resigning from the legislature party leader's post and as opposition leader in the assembly. All because he wasn't consulted in the selection of four candidates to the legislative council election on June 11.His resignation had party leaders, including AICC general secretary Oscar Fernandes, scurrying to his official residence to prevail upon him to reconsider the decision. And it was in vain. In a one-page letter to Congress president Sonia Gandhi, KPCC chief G Parameshwara and AICC general secretary Karnataka in-charge Madhusudhan Mistry, the Kuruba strongman thanked the party high command for giving him an opportunity to serve as opposition leader in the assembly for two and a half years. After he failed to get a ticket for the Rajya Sabha, Ibrahim wasn't keen on state politics.Friday's development is a direct result of the cold war between Siddaramaiah and Parameshwara. During her visit to the Siddaganga mutt in April, Sonia Gandhi had bluntly told the Karnataka party unit leadership - particularly, Siddaramaiah and Parameshwara - to sink differences if it wanted to see the party in power.The resignation embarrasses the party hugely as it comes hours before AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi arrives in Hubli for the Youth Congress convention. From the Kuruba community which constitutes the third-largest population in the state, Siddaramaiah champions the cause of the backward classes.He joined the Congress in 2006 after he fell out with JD(S) supremo H D Deve Gowda. After missing the CM's post twice and forced to settle for being a deputy CM, Siddaramaiah was made opposition leader after Mallikarjuna M Kharge got elected to the Lok Sabha.Siddaramaiah has not resigned from the assembly seat or the party. Party insiders maintained that the state unit must be overhauled to relaunch the party for the elections.Why he quit* Congress didn't follow the convention of taking opposition leader, besides state unit president and AICC general secretary in-charge, into confidence on candidate selection for council elections* Upset that his nominee, former MP C M Ibrahim, was overlooked and another former MP, Iqbal Ahmed Saradgi was preferred* I'm upset because they should respect the post I'm holding, if not me.- Siddaramaiah* The Congress high command should have consulted Siddaramaiah. But many times, such internal developments happen in CLP and the Congress strength lies in accepting what the high command decides. ---- G Parameshwara | KPCC president*Siddaramaiah should reconsider his decision as he is the future CM--- C Motamma | opposition leader in council", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "13717361", "title": "Mukul Sangma for reviving North East-Bangladesh ties", "text": "SHILLONG: Meghalaya chief minister Mukul Sangma, who attended the North East India-Bangladesh Business Conclave at the 3rd Indo-Bangla Trade Fair, 2012, in Dhaka on Thursday, said reviving the age-old ties between Northeast India and Bangladesh was very important at this hour. The trade fair was organized by the Indo-Bangla Chamber of Commerce and Industry.The Indian delegation, which also included the chief minister of Arunachal Pradesh and two other ministers from Tripura and Assam , met Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina and stressed on reviving ties between the people of Bangladesh and North East India.\"Chief minister Sangma stressed on the need to open up more border 'haats' (traditional markets) and to develop trade routes through inland water ways. The proposed road connectivity from Dhubri through the southern slopes of Meghalaya to Tripura and to Bangladesh would improve trade and commerce in the region,\" an official briefed.He further informed that during discussion with Hasina, Sangma dwelt on the best utilization of tourism potential jointly by Bangladesh and the northeastern states along with Bhutan .\"He, therefore, proposed to organize a conclave of tour operators from Bangladesh and the northeastern states in Shillong. Operationalization of the Dhaka-Sylhet-Shillong-Guwahati bus service needs to be expedited as this would go a long way towards developing tourism in the region. Land custom stations and immigration offices should be set up and strengthened to meet these requirements,\" the official added.The chief minister also called for joint ventures in the field of thermal power generation and transmission and exploration of new technologies including bamboo-based projects for the development and benefit of both the countries.Earlier, during an interaction with Bangladesh foreign minister Dipu Moni, Sangma stressed on the need to \"build more trust through social interaction\" between the citizens of Bangladesh and northeast India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13719638", "title": "Shivraj Singh Chouhan rules out reduction in VAT on petrol", "text": "BHOPAL: A day after the NDA-BJP sponsored \"Bharat bandh\" against petrol price hike, Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan on Friday said his government would not reduce VAT on petrol to bring down petrol price in the state.\"Is it possible for the state to reduce VAT every time whenever prices of petroleum products go up? The centre should not think that the states would share the burden caused due to them\", he said at a press conference here.\"I don't think that oil companies are running in loss. There is no justification for raising the prices of petrol\", he said adding that the state government had reduced the VAT on petrol in the last budget presented four months ago.Referring to the state's growth, the chief minister said the GDP in real terms grew by 10.2% while there has been an alarming case of nation's declining growth rates. Similarly, the state's agriculture growth was about 9.1% as against the national average which, at present, was just above two per cent. \"The state expects to touch two digit figures in agriculture growth very soon\", he added.Asked about senior BJP leader Lal Krishna Advani's remarks about the party affairs and his veiled criticism of BJP president Nitin Gadkari , the chief minister quipped \"No comments\".Record wheat procurement: Amid bumper wheat production in Madhya Pradesh this year, the state set a new record by directly procuring 84 lakh metric tonnes of wheat under support price from the farmers.Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan said here on Friday, a day after procurement on support price came to an end, that the massive exercise that went on for nearly two months despite shortage of gunny bags and other problems such as complaints of irregularities at the procurement centres.Pointing out that Madhya Pradesh was the only state which procured food grains directly from the farmers, the chief Minister said the states like Punjab and Haryana involved middle-men, locally known as \"adathiyas\", in the process. He said 84 lakh MT of wheat was procured by the procurement centres while about 9 lakh MT wheat were purchased at the mandis.Chouhan said 70 lakh MT of wheat procured under support price-which constitutes 84% of total procured wheat-has already been transported and stored properly. He said arrangements were being made to safely store the remaining wheat stock before the monsoon.Except for a brief problem due to shortage of gunny bags, the entire wheat procurement process went by and large smooth; he said adding that the state brought silo bags to overcome the shortage. \"Next year, we will make prior arrangements to ensure smooth supply of gunny bags and could also consider buying them from private agencies \"and also use silo bags to recurrence of such shortage\", he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13737411", "title": "Tobacco quit-line launched on World No Tobacco Day", "text": "PUNE: Tobacco cessation quit-line -1800 227787 - was launched on the occasion of World No Tobacco Day on May 31. The quit line provides free support and guidance to tobacco users to overcome their addiction and increase their chances of quitting successfully.\"The quit line is designed to help tobacco users by answering their queries and formulating a personalised quit plan depending on their tobacco consumption pattern,\" said officials from the quit-line. The dedicated toll-free number that can be reached daily between 9am and 9 pm.Callers would receive tobacco cessation counseling in English,Hindi, Marathi, Gujarati and Bengali. This free of charge service can be used by all tobacco users, friends and families of tobacco users and even healthcare practitioners seeking to provide tobacco cessation therapy for their patients.To support the telephone counseling, callers wanting on-ground support will be referred to a local Tobacco Intervention Initiative (TII) center of the Indian Dental Association (IDA), the officials said. At each center, dentists trained in tobacco cessation will help tobacco users give up their addiction and improve their health. Currently there are 500 TII centers across India.The Global Adult Tobacco Survey (2009-2010) shows that one third of all adults in India use tobacco in some form or the other and over 35% of them want to quit this habit. However, inaccessibility to treatment, lack of support and low levels of awareness have been the major hindrances in determining low success rates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13712967", "title": "Govt seals 2 Delhi clinics", "text": "NEW DELHI: The officials of the Delhi Government on Friday sealed two ultrasound clinics and suspended the licence of the third facility in Najafgarh, Delhi for violation of various norms under the Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques (PNDT) Act.Sources said another maternity centre in Hauz Khas area was sealed by the officials on Thursday when it was found that they did not have a valid licence. \"Similar action will be carried throughout the week,\" said Dr Shailley Kamra, part of the raid team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "13712539", "title": "STOP IT! Siolim panchayat trains guns on 8 projects", "text": "MAPUSA: The Marna-Siolim village panchayat has issued stop work orders to eight constructions in the village after local residents demanded revocation of the NOCs, issued citing various violation of rules.The villagers met the newly-elected sarpanch Anita Chari on Friday and apprised her about various illegal constructions coming up in the village in violation of all rules. The villagers alleged that hill cutting, excavation, felling of trees, filling of low-lying areas has been undertaken by developers of various mega housing projects without taking any permissions in violation of the rules.\"Forest cover in Marna and Vaddy have not been notified, as a result many illegal constructions are coming up in these areas. It is destroying the forests and natural habitat,\" said local activist Fatima Fernandes. The villagers on Wednesday met deputy town planner, Mapusa, R N Volvoikar and complained about several illegalities committed by the developers in the village. They demanded immediate site inspections be undertaken and stop work orders be issued.\"Deputy town planner promised the site inspection on Thursday, but no site inspection was made. TCP is not ready to take action,\" Fernandes said.The activists on Friday barged into the office of the village panchayat demanding action against the illegal constructions. \"There is no forest clearance to cut trees, there are CRZ violations, hill cutting, no setbacks, no drainage no sewerage line to these projects. We demand that the panchayat immediately issue the stop work orders,\" said local Joseph Noronha.Panchayat secretary S K Kambli said that the panchayat had given NOCs to all eight constructions. \"They (villagers) alleged the developers are misusing the licences issued by the panchayat and violating the norms. We have to verify the facts after site inspection and if the builders are found violating the norms, then the construction licences will be revoked,\" panchayat secretary S K Kambli said.Later, Chari issued stop work orders to all alleged illegal constructions, and it will be served to them on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13714413", "title": "Goda park: Beauty on a wish list", "text": "NASHIK: On his first day in office on March 19, mayor Yatin Wagh had promised to pay attention to Goda park and the Godavari beautification project on a priority basis. But barring one visit to the entire stretch of the park on March 24, things have remained as they were.The prestigious 13-km long Goda park awaits maintenance amidst controversies. The prestigious 13-km long Goda Park awaits maintenance amidst controversies.This pet project of Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) leader Raj Thackeray, lacks proper attention from the Nashik municipal corporation (NMC) which is now ruled by the MNS. The park with a jogging track, stretches 9 km from Gharpure Ghat to Gangapur village and Ramwadi to the right of the river Godavari, within the NMC limits. From the left of the river the park runs for a stretch of 4 km.The construction of the Goda park had started in the beginning of 2003 and took around two years to be completed. Seven years down the line, the park remains unattended, almost abandoned, and in need of basic repair works as a priority. Paver blocks that were laid on the pathway have started to come off, while lamp posts are missing in a few places. Water hyacinth and a foul odour are issues that that need immediate attention apart from general park maintenance for cleanliness.MNS MLA Vasant Gite had said in December that Raj Thackeray had taken a special interest in the beautification project. Now, while assuring that the Goda park project will be attended to on a priority basis, Gite said that it was the continual code of conduct that had delayed the renovation.\"We are waiting for Raj Thackeray's instructions. Budget provisions will have to be made for revamping Goda park. Some new works will also be undertaken. The code of conduct imposed for over a month has delayed everything,\" Gite said.He said that very soon the needful would be done for Goda Park. Mayor Wagh, when contacted for comment, dodged the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13735062", "title": "Poonia fourth at Perfontaine Classic Diamond League Meet", "text": "NEW DELHI: Olympic-bound Indian discus thrower Krishna Poonia came up with a below-par effort of 62.11m to miss out on a medal and settle for the fourth spot in the Perfontaine Classic Diamond League Meet at Eugene in Oregon , United States.Krishna's effort was markedly lower than the national record of 64.76m that she pulled off to qualify for the London Olympics in Hawaii earlier this month.But it was still better than 2008 Olympics gold winner Stephanie Brown Trafton of United States who had a No Mark against her name.The gold in the event went to Sandra Perkovic (66.92m) of Croatia , who won the Shanghai leg of Diamond League Meet in 68.24m.The other two Indian women taking part in the fourth leg of the 14-leg Diamond League Meet series are Asian Games gold medallist in 10,000m Preeja Sreedharan and silver medallist Kavita Raut.Sreedharan and Raut are yet to attain Olympics qualification.The duo, along with 3000m steeplechase Asian Games gold medallist Sudha Singh and O P Jaisha, were earlier training in Kenya before moving base to Brescia in Northern Italy to train under Claudio Berardelli, regarded as one of the best endurance-running coaches in the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13720239", "title": "National Students' Union of India leaders get a lesson in media management", "text": "HUBLI: On the third day of the national executive meet of the National Students' Union of India, (NSUI), the union leaders were given a lesson or two in media management - how to promote their activities through the media and also how and when to restrain themselves from speaking to newspersons.According to sources, NSUI executives from various states thoroughly discussed the existing election model of NSUI while Anish Shetty addressed the meet on election model and suggested to prepare the tentative elections scheduled for 2012-13.While Krishnabyre Gowda, state youth congress leader revived the proposed changes in the training programme. A few senior resource persons including Deepender Hooda, MP elaborated on how to handle media and ensure better coverage for NSUI. Participants at both NSUI and Youth Congress meet were asked not to air their grievances in the public or reveal to the media directly and try to solve differences internally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "pune/mumbai", "code": "13715499", "title": "Central Bureau of Investigation quizzes cop who supervised Satish Shetty case probe", "text": "PUNE/MUMBAI: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Friday questioned Pratap Dighavkar, then superintendent of police (SP), Pune rural, who had supervised the investigations in the 2010 murder of Pune-based RTI activist Satish Shetty.Dighavkar is currently deputy commissioner of police of zone-9 in Mumbai, whose jurisdiction is from Bandra to Oshiwara.Dighavkar was the SP when Shetty was killed two years ago by unidentified assailants who attacked him with swords when he was on his morning walk on January 13.When sought to know why the CBI had summoned Dighavkar for questioning, Pune based SP (CBI) Vidya Kulkarni told TOI, \"CBI is investigating the Shetty murder case. Dighavkar was earlier supervising the investigations in the case. But we cannot share the details of his statement with the media.\" Dighavkar did not respond to repeated phone calls and messages to his mobile phone by TOI.Dighavkar's questioning started soon after he reached the CBI's Akurdi office in Pune on Friday morning at 9.30 am and was on till late evening. CBI sources said Dighavkar was asked to explain why Shetty was not provided security cover when he had sought protection apprehending threats to his life.\"Questions were further asked on what evidence permission was granted to file chargesheet against the five arrested suspects, including criminal lawyer Vijay Dabhade,'' CBI sources said.Shetty, who had invoked the RTI Act for unearthing land scams in Pune district, was found murdered near his residence at Talegaon. The Pune rural police had then filed a chargesheet against Dabhade, Pramod Waghmare, Navnath Shelar, Dongrya alias Hanumant Rathod and Shyam Dabhade. The sixth suspect, Parshuram Telgu, was discharged from the murder case as there was not enough evidence against him.The Pune rural police had received 697 applications seeking police protection in 2009, including that of Shetty who had applied for police protection on November 24, 2009.However, not a single applicant was provided police protection. The RTI activist had questioned the police on this issue.The Bombay High Court had taken suo motu cognizance of the murder and then asked the CBI to probe the case.The CBI has announced a reward of Rs 5 lakh for credible information regarding the accused involved in the conspiracy and murder of the RTI activist.The CBI had earlier this month got the court's permission to conduct lie detector tests on 10 people, including seven policemen and the director of a private construction company, in connection with the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13731689", "title": "Finally,the Charles Sobhraj Tihar Jailbreak Saga\u2026 entitled Jailbreak", "text": "Producer Kumar Mangat whose last two films Pyaar Ka Punchnaama and Bittoo Boss have spotlighted fresh talent, is all set to do the unthinkable.He will now produce a film based on the life and alleged crimes of Charles Sobhraj.The film which will be a mega-budget adventure thriller will be budgeted at Rs40 crores. Earlier a Charles Sobhraj bio-pic directed by Prawaal Raman (whose brilliant thriller 404 last year made quite an impact) with Sanjay Dutt in the lead all but made it to the floors. But then it was pulled out for practical reasons. Dutt, it was felt by his well-wishers, had played the gangster once too often and needed to play characters on the right side of the law. It is no coincidence that Dutt plays a cop in his next two releases.Kumar Mangat's son Abhishek Pathak who will officially produce the film, surprises us by confessing that this is the same project Prawaal Raman once planned with Sanjay Dutt.Says Pathak, \"We saw the vast research that Prawaal has done on Sobhraj and we did our own research too. We've now pooled our information together and Prawaal whom we find to be a very gifted storyteller, will be directing the bio-pic.\"Pathak admits Sanjay Dutt can no longer play Sobhraj . \"We're looking at Emraan Hashmi or Saif Ali Khan .\"Regarding the rigorous research and the ensuing legal wrangles that Prawaal Raman's project on Sobhraj had gotten into when it was being planned with Sanjay Dutt, the architects and brains of the revived project have discovered a way out of the legal tangle.They would not officially declare it to be a Charles Sobhraj bio-pic, but a film inspired by certain incidents in Sobhraj's life.Says Prawaal Raman, \"We'll probably get rid of the original title Charles and call the film Jailbreak . Because that is the aspect of the story that interests me at this point of time. Sobhraj's 1986 jailbreak from Tihar would be the core of the film. The film is based on Sobhraj's jailbreak. It will definitely be inspired by the famous incident. But I'm not interested anymore in making a bio-pic on Sobhraj.\"Prawaal is more taken up by the police officers who hunted down Sobhraj. \"I find the cops involved in the arrest namely Mr Amod Kanth and Mr Madhurkar Zende far more inspiring than Sobhraj. So there will be three main male characters in Jailbreak A man who spent 40 years of his life in prison doesn't really interest me to base an entire film on him.\"Prawaal says he has done an \"emotional photo-shop\" with Sobhraj's life-story. \"My protagonist would be a sharp enigmatic criminal, too clever to be caught by the authorities.\" Whether Sobhraj would be happy with this tweaked glorified avatar of his real self remains to be seen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13714237", "title": "Onion prices up 10 to 23 per cent in district Agriculture Produce Market Committees", "text": "NASHIK: The average wholesale prices in various APMCs ( Agriculture Produce Market Committee) in Nashik district on Friday shot up in the range of 10 to 23 per cent over the past two weeks due to rise in demand and decline in supply. The main reason for the phenomenon is that farmers have started hoarding the summer onions, which has a shelf life of six to eight months.The average wholesale onion prices in APMCs in Nashik district on Friday increased in the range of Rs. 360 to Rs. 415 a quintal, as against in the range of Rs. 300 to Rs. 370 a quintal on May 18.\"The rates have increased due to rise in the demand as compared to the supply. The arrival of onions has reduced in the district APMCs that has led to the rise by Rs. 40 to Rs. 70 a quintal in the district APMCs. The regular arrival of onion in Lasalgaon APMC, which was around 15,000 quintals a day in the past two weeks, has declined to around 8,000 quintals a day. The summer crop has a shelf life of six to eight months and hence, farmers are not in a hurry to sell the commodity and instead, preferring stocking it. But, their process of storing has almost been completed. Traders too have gradually started buying onion for exports. The export is expected to pick up in a month by June end,\" an official from Lasalgaon APMC told TOI.The average wholesale prices in Lasalgaon APMC, the largest onion market in Asia, increased by 12 per cent to Rs. 415 a quintal on Friday, against Rs. 370 a quintal on May 18. The minimum and maximum rates were recorded at Rs. 195 and Rs. 602 a quintal, respectively, on Friday. Around 8,000 quintals of onions were auctioned on Friday in Lasalgaon APMC.In Pimpalgaon APMC, the average wholesale prices increased by 11 per cent to Rs. 380 a quintal on Friday, against Rs. 340 a quintal on May 18. The minimum and maximum rates were recorded at Rs. 160 and Rs. 603 a quintal, respectively, on Friday. Around 8,750 quintals of onions were auctioned on Friday in Pimpalgaon APMC.In Yeola APMC, the average wholesale onion prices increased by 23 per cent to Rs. 370 a quintal on Friday, against Rs. 300 a quintal on May 18.The minimum and maximum prices were recorded at Rs. 175 and Rs. 370 a quintal, respectively on Friday. Around 5,000 quintals of onions were auctioned on Friday in Yeola APMC.The average wholesale prices in Nashik APMC increased by 10.76 per cent to Rs. 360 a quintal on Friday, against Rs. 325 a quintal on May 18. The minimum and maximum prices were recorded at Rs. 120 and Rs. 475 a quintal, respectively on Friday. Around 1,950 quintals of onions were auctioned on Friday in Nashik APMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13714244", "title": "Friends cherish memories of bubbly girl", "text": "BANGALORE: They had secretly eaten in the classroom during lessons. They had shared their secrets, laughed and cried together. But the past two years have been different for Rashmi, Vivek, Tasmiya, Ramya, Yaseen and Nirupama without their dear friend Sanjana.Two years ago, Sanjana Singh was walking home on a rainy evening when a portion of the wall on Hebbal Road near the veterinary college collapsed and she died. Her friends and family gathered at the wall which has not been built even after two years and the man responsible for the shoddy construction is still at large.Rashmi CR, now in her first year BA course, said: \"I'm very cautious while walking by any wall or under a construction site. Sometimes I'm scared of even flyovers. Her death had a deep impact on me.''One of her friends blamed the mindset of onlookers at accidents. \"The worst thing that can happen to anyone in trouble is when onlookers don't help. They'll keep looking at you, gather around and jostle each other but no one really helps,\" said Vivek Chandrakant, 19.Five friends came to the spot this year. \"She was very friendly, and everyone liked that. She was intelligent and if she'd been alive, I'm sure she would have been studying medical or engineering today,\" said Yaseen Khan, a first-year engineering student in a Nagvara college. \"She was full of life and would laugh like a child,\" recalled V Ramya Krishna.Another best buddy Nirumpama V was in Chennai when the tragedy happened. \"We got to know from other friends and were shocked to read about it,\" said Nirupama. \"I remember the school trip to Kanyakumari when she was asked to wear a dhoti in a temple. She was looking funny but took it like a sport,\" remembered Rashmi.Sanjana's father Ashok Kumar Singh told TOI: \"My daughter is kept alive in the media and people's hearts. It's difficult to understand why the culprits have been forgotten even though the Lokayukta investigation report demanded prosecution of Munirathna and Umesh Kumar?\" These men were the contractors who built the wall.Coming together onlineAshok Kumar Singh and Sanjana's friends have created a Facebook page dedicated to her. Every June 1, they meet at the spot where Sanjana died and spend some time together, cherishing memories of her. \"Many friends have gone outside the city for their studies and couldn't make it today. But some of us who are here made it a point to come,\" said Keerthika M.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13713259", "title": "Ministry orders to close district passport cell", "text": "COIMBATORE: The district passport cell operating at the collectorate has been ordered to be closed down as per the instruction from the ministry of external affairs.\"The passport cell was started at the collectorate in 2002. Over 40 applications were collected per day at the cell,\" said regional passport officer S Sasikumar.He said the ministry had plans already in place to remove all the passport cells at places where the new Passport Seva Kendra (PSK) has been opened.Ever since the Passport Seva Kendra was opened in Coimbatore, 400 applications were received every week from the five districts of Coimbatore, Tirupur, Nilgiris, Erode and Salem, he said. \"It is easier to approach the district passport cell when compared to Passport Seva Kendra (PSK),\" said A Narasiman, a government official who got the passport for his daughter through passport cell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13732671", "title": "Bennet Veetraag composes music for K B Venu", "text": "After the critically acclaimed Gaddamma, young music composer-duo Bennet Veetraag will score the music for debutant director K B Venu's directorial debut, Venalinte Kalaneekangal.\"It's gonna be a different feel altogether in this movie,\" says Veetraag . There will be three songs and Bennet will be singing two songs. The cast includes Rima, Murali Gopi, Praveen and Praveena .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13719201", "title": "Madurai SP takes charge, promises to be more accessible to people", "text": "MADURAI: In an attempt to strike a personal cord with the public, V Balakrishnan, who assumed charge as Madurai district SP on Friday, announced that he would meet the public thrice a week. The 2003 batch IPS officer took charge as superintendent of police, Madurai from the outgoing SP, Asra Garg.Addressing media persons later, Balakrishnan said he would meet the public on Monday and Wednesday at the office and on Friday at the villages or towns. \"I will go to the villages and towns in the district to meet the public in their own place and hear their grievances,\" he quipped. Besides, he has also allotted a special phone number- 9489709003, for the public to reach him or send their grievances as an SMS. He said that crime prevention measures would be undertaken with the cooperation of the people by involving resident welfare associations and adopting the concept of neighbourhood policing.He assured that law and order would be maintained in the district and efforts would be taken to pre-empt crimes from happening. In an effort to prevent crime, activities of persons recently released from prisons will be monitored closely, he added. Insisting on safety measures in banks and financial institutions, the SP said that Closed Circuit Television Cameras (CCTVs) should be installed in the bank branches in the district. \"We will check if the task is completed in all the banks and resolve any issues that are present,\" he said. \"We will also check if the resolution of the already installed CCTV cameras is good enough to identify intruders in the banks and will also insist on burglar alarms with SMS facility,\" he said.On road safety and accident prevention, the SP said that streamlining of traffic and avoidance of accidents would be given due priority. \"We will analyse the reasons for the accidents in the four-way lanes and will take steps to prevent loss of life. Apart from creating awareness, enforcement will be intensified by slapping spot fines,\" Balakrishnan said.Balakrishnan, a 2003 batch of IPS officer started his service as assistant superintendent of police (training) in Coimbatore and as ASP in Tirupur and Ranipet sub-divisions. On promotion as SP, he held offices like deputy commissioner of police (secretariat security) and as SP in Thiruvannamalai and Theni districts. He also served for a brief period as SP of Madurai district during parliamentary elections. He had earlier worked in the Indian Information Service (IIS) and Indian Railway Account Service (IRAS), both selected through the civil services examinations, before he was selected by the IPS in 2003.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13616610", "title": "SSC result to be declared today", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB) issued a press release stating that the SSC result will be declared on June 2 instead of June 3 announced earlier. The board has decided to take the result ahead by a day as June 3 is a Sunday.Officials said the result will now be declared on Saturday. The students will be able to collect their mark sheets from school on June 7.It needs mention that over 8.5 lakh students have appeared for the SSC board exam. Officials said the result will be available on three websites -- , and .The result will also be available on email and SMS. Officials said the students can also avail their result on phone as well. Students in Ahmedabad can call 079-26851422, 079-26850611.Gandhinagar students can call on 079-65721801, Vadodara students should call on 0265-2322338, Surat students should call on 0261- 2862459, 0261-2862460. The results will be available since Saturday morning, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13713034", "title": "Will brush nothing under the carpet: Army chief Gen Bikram Singh", "text": "NEW DELHI: Promising that no controversy would be \"brushed under the carpet\", new Army chief General Bikram Singh on Friday said he would strive to ensure the Army maintained its secular, apolitical and disciplined outlook as well as a constructive relationship with the civilian bureaucracy.\"My message to the force is that let us put our best foot forward, let us continue to remain a secular and apolitical force and do our job the way it should be done,\" said Gen Singh, after receiving a guard of honour outside South Block in the morning. The reference to the secular and apolitical nature of the Army was obvious to many observers as it came a day after Gen V K Singh stepped down, having faced allegations of manipulating caste loyalties and using the Army for nurturing possible political ambitions.The new Army chief, who will continue in office till July, 2014, has taken over the reins of the 1.13-million Army after a controversial tenure by his predecessor Gen V K Singh that saw raging factional feuds within the force as well as the widening of the civil-military divide amid several controversies.The politico-bureaucratic combine seems to have heaved a huge sigh of relief at seeing Gen V K Singh's back. Defence minister A K Antony on Thursday asked both the military brass and bureaucracy to shed their \"bitterness\" after the \"turbulent phase\" and work together to ensure the Army's modernization.Gen Bikram Singh exuded confidence but refrained from commenting on his \"worthy predecessor\". \"A car is driven by seeing ahead through the windscreen, not through the rear-view mirror...whatever has happened should be left behind.\"\"I have had five tenures in the Army HQs and this will be the sixth one. We have had no problems in the past. I am certain given the wisdom on both sides, given the commitment on both sides, and we are a disciplined force, there will be no problems,\" he said.Asked about the alleged fake encounter in Dimapur and the recent violent clash between officers and jawans of an artillery unit at Nyoma in Ladakh, Gen Singh said all cases would be dealt with as per the rulebook. \"There is nothing that will be brushed under the carpet. All cases will be investigated and taken to their logical conclusion,\" he said.Gen V K Singh, shortly before hanging his boots on Thursday, had launched a veiled attack on both Gen Bikram Singh and 3 Corps commander Lt-Gen Dalbir Singh Suhag for not conducting a proper probe into the alleged fake encounter at Dimapur, in which three persons were killed, an area under their jurisdiction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13713405", "title": "Dollar racket busted, Bangladeshi gang held", "text": "KOLKATA: They have all the valid documents for coming to India from Bangladesh and are not trespassers by any means. But this gang of seven Bangladeshi nationals flaunted their tourist visa to run a fraud on the southern fringes of Kolkata. They lured people with US dollars at incredible exchange rates when the rupee was on the slide. The offer was two US dollars for Rs 55.City police's detective department busted the racket that was active in large parts of south and east Kolkata for the past few months. Police also recovered Rs 50,000 from them.The activity of the gang came to light after Mohammad Isteaque Ahmed, a leather merchant from Hooghly, lodged a complaint with the Lake police stating that he was deceived by a gang of three persons. Ahmed told police that three days back at Tangra in east Kolkata, three men befriended with him three days back. All the three introduced themselves as leather traders and while chatting they confided of having a huge amount of US dollars that they found stuffed inside a pillow at a Mumbai hotel.The fraudsters offered to exchange some with Ahmed at incredibly low rates since the source of the US dollars was not known. \"The exchange offer was really lucrative. They promised to exchange two US dollars for Rs 55, while the official exchange rate is Rs 56.25 per dollar,\" said an investigator. The offer was good enough to convince Ahmed and he asked for US dollars against Rs 1.5 lakh.The three strangers who were speaking in Bengali and Hindi asked Ahmed to meet at Triangular Park in south Kolkata. Accordingly, Ahmed met the trio on Thursday where they gave a bundle of US dollars in exchange of Rs 1.5 lakh. They disappeared in no time, and later Ahmed found to his dismay that the bundle had only two notes of US dollars - one on top and one below, while white pieces of paper in the shape of dollars were stacked in between, a detective department officer said.Following Ahmed's complaint, officers of the detective department spoke to him and got a sketchy description of the fraudsters. On the same evening, investigators spotted three youths loitering near Triangular Park and detained them for interrogation.Questioning revealed that all three fraudsters - identified as Rabiul Hassan, Samsul Haque and Rabiul Mir - were from Gopalganj district of Bangladesh. The trio had crossed the border with valid passport and visa on May 11. Hassan, Haque and Mir reportedly confessed to their involvement in the fraud and police seized Rs 50,000 from them.The arrest of the three led police to nab four other members of the gang - Sohrab Hossain, Bakul Mollah, Imam Mollah, Alamgir Akan - from Madaripur area of Bangladesh. The remaining amount of Rs 1 lakh was seized from them.\"For the past few months, the gang is active on the southern fringes of the city and they come in small groups. Most of them come with valid documents in the guise of tourists or patients to avoid any suspicion,\" said an officer. They mainly camp at Bansdroni, Behala and Thakurpukur areas in rented houses. \"All seven have been produced before the court and remanded to police custody,\" said P K Ghosh, Jt CP Crime. Police are now looking for other members of the racket.Last year, the detective department had rounded up a gang of burglars who were also from Bangladesh and came in the city with valid documents. Such trend of Bangla criminals entering Kolkata has worried police.Ahmed then lodged a complaint at Lake police station as the place of exchange lies under the limit of the police station. Soon detective department officers were informed and after speaking to the victim, police got a sketchy description of the fraudsters. On same evening, investigators spotted three youths loitering near Triangular Park and on the basis of suspicion three were detained for interrogation. The questioning revealed that all three are Bangladeshi nationals and on May 11 they crossed border with valid passport and visa. Three were identified as Rabiul Hassan, Samsul Haque and Rabiul Mir - from Gopalganj district of Bangladesh. Trio confessed their involvement in the fraud and Rs 50000 was recovered from three. The arrest of three led cops to net four other members of the gang - Sohrab Hossain, Bakul Mollah, Imam Mollah, Alamgir Akan - from Madaripur area of Bangladesh. Police recovered the rest.\"For past few months the gang is active on the southern fringes of the city and they come in small groups. Most of them come with valid documents in guise of tourists or patients to avoid any suspicion,\" said an officer. They mainly camp at Bansdroni, Behala and Thakurpukur area in rented houses. \"All seven have been produced before the court and remanded to police custody,\" said P K Ghosh, Jt CP Crime. Police are now looking for other members of the racket.In last year, detective department rounded up a gang of day burglars who were also from Bangladesh and came in the city with valid documents. Such trend of Bangla criminals however worried cops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13716324", "title": "Government Medical College and Hospital nurses plan indefinite strike", "text": "CHANDIGARH: As a part of the week-long protest, 150 nurses at Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) in Sector 32, ended their two-day hunger strike on Friday. The silent protests will be held till June 15, after which the nurses plan to go on indefinite strike if their demands remain unheard.\"We had been sitting on dharna in this scorching heat, but no one from the hospital administration even bothered to talk to us. On Saturday, we will be holding a candle light procession,\" said GMCH Nurses' Welfare Association president Vijay Kumar.The nurses have been agitating over pay scale and staff shortage and had observed silent protest few days ago. Against 703 posts sanctioned for nurses, only 300 are working at present. The members plan to go on mass casual leave on June 15, which they say can be extended to indefinite strike.\"One of the major demands of nurses include, allowing central pay scale and central civil service rules. Another major demand is to fill up the vacant post at earliest,\" said Vijay. Medical superintendent Dr Vipin Kaushal said, \"Allowing central pay scales is not in our hands. We had invited the nursing association for negotiations, but no one came forward.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13712241", "title": "Laws on healthcare outdated, say doctors", "text": "MUMBAI: Eight out of 10 doctors feel that the laws that govern the practice of healthcare in India are outdated and an even higher majority feels that there are just too many laws and licences that are required to keep their practice going.A group of nursing home owners are to meet state health minister Suresh Shetty soon as the licences of their nursing homes have not been renewed yet. At a time when a majority of nursing homes in the city are running illegally, a survey done among 297 doctors across specializations says that there are about 50 different laws that govern the practice of healthcare in India, which ultimately hinders their work.The study which was done by Medscape India, a non-profit trust of doctors, revealed that 78% of doctors feel that many of the laws that govern medical practice are outdated. \"Licences have to be procured by doctors running a nursing home every year. This is only one example. The doctors have to run from pillar to post to get renewal of licences and abide by other laws,\" said Dr Sanjay Vaidya, a cosmetic surgeon, who has his nursing home in Dadar.The study also revealed that the concept of 'family doctor' has almost vanished from the Indian scenario and this too affects patients. These days, hardly any of the doctors want to stop after doing an MBBS and generally aim for a specialization.Dr Lalit Kapoor from the Association of Medical Consultants, said that having a family doctor was a good practice. \"The family doctors were the link between the patient and the super-specialist. The patient also paid less and there would be a better rapport between the doctor and the patient. Moreover, having a complete case history of the patient helped the family doctor in better diagnosis and treatment.\"The doctors also feel a need for better government participation in medical education. Some 89% of doctors feel that expensive medical education because of the private medical colleges that have mushroomed all over the country is the root cause of many problems. \"Private medical colleges are not only expensive, but the quality of the hands-on experience that the budding doctors get there is not so good. What we need is a better government participation in the medical education scenario in the country,\" said Dr Kapoor.Dr Amar Jesani from the Center for Bioethics and Rights, said there are not enough laws governing the healthcare system in India. \"Ours is a country where the healthcare system is governed by the private sector. And the private sector does not have too many laws to abide by. Most number of medical laws are in place in the US, and we definitely need many more laws so as to keep the doctors from exploiting the patients.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13715894", "title": "Temperature dip brings no relief", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Unlike last year when city residents were blessed with showers on June 1 that brought temperature down to 30.2 degree C, this year the day made residents gasp at 44 degrees C with no traces of rain. Friday started with an overcast sky, but it brought no hope of a pleasant day as it got cleared by 9am. Though the temperature dropped by 1.1 degrees on Friday, residents said they felt no difference as the hot air kept blowing all through the day.Chandigarh Met department has forecast mainly clear sky for the next two days as monsoons have been delayed by nearly six days and so have the pre-monsoons.According to IMD reports, the onset of southwest monsoon over Kerala signals the arrival of monsoon over the Indian subcontinent and represents the beginning of the rainy season. It reaches Maharashtra around a week after its arrival in Kerala and Chandigarh after 30 days. However, now the monsoons have been delayed as they are still to hit Kerala.\"Last year, the temperature was very low because of 18.9mm rainfall on June 1 making it a pleasant day. The pre-monsoons had already started by June 1, however, this year the monsoons have been delayed by six days for now which is why there seem to be no chances of rainfall in next few days,\" official of the met department said. However, another official said, \"Even though monsoons have been delayed for now, it might reach city at normal time,\" said another official.In 2011 there were 15 pre-monsoon rains in Chandigarh making life easier for city residents. Sudheer Sharma, a resident of Sector 34 said, \"It must be the hottest year in last four or five years, as by June the temperature gets normal.\"\"The hot and dry weather is becoming unbearable. In April, rains balanced it out but by May end sun made it difficult to move out,\" said Nargis Ahuja, a resident of Sector 18. Khushbu Rai, a resident of Sector 7, said, \"I hope it rains in the weekend. These days even shade gives no respite.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13712613", "title": "Students heave a sigh of relief", "text": "MARGAO: After months of uncertainty and debate, Chowgule Education Society (CES) held a discussion with chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Friday and announced its decision to open admission to students applying to Std XI arts and science streams for the academic year 2012-13.'Chowgule Education Society has decided to reconsider the closure of the Chowgule higher secondary school (HSS) at the request of the chief minister Manohar Parrikar,' said CES in a statement issued on Friday. The statement further stated, 'The CES will reapply for closure of the HSS to the directorate of education (DoE) at a later date. This will offer adequate time to the government and aid it in finding a better solution to the issue. CES appreciates the approach of the chief minister in finding the best solution for all stakeholders involved.'Until recently, the management had not changed its stance and had stated that it was going ahead with its decision to shut down its HSS despite the DoE rejecting the application for closure for the second time.Incidentally, Fatorda MLA Vijai Sardesai also met the chief minister at the government rest house in Margao and announced that Action Committee against Closure had withdrawn its 48-hour deadline that had been given to the government. A few days ago, on behalf of ACAC, Sardesai along with advocate Cleofato Coutinho, teachers, students and members of the public had served the 48-hour deadline to the government demanding that it implements the DoE decision failing which people would come onto the streets and it would be the government who would be responsible for the consequences.After meeting Parrikar on Friday, Sardesai stated that he was assured by the management of the Chowgule College HSS that they would recommence the admission process for the Std XI thus immediately laying to rest doubts in minds on the closure of the HSS from this academic year. \"I hope the management will fulfill its commitment to the chief minister and the people of Salcete are watching the situation very keenly and a full scale agitation would result in case the authorities go back on their words,\" added Sardesai. Sardesai further said that the CM's intentions would be practically implemented since the SSC results were a few days away and the fate of 300 students was at stake.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13713560", "title": "Kochi Metro Rail Limited puts its foot down on land acquisition chaos", "text": "KOCHI: It is time for land owners in the city to make a wise decision. If you are not ready to provide land for the Kochi Metro project at the cost fixed by the district level purchase committee (DLPC), then be prepared to give up your land at a lesser rate. The Kochi Metro Rail Limited (KMRL) has decided not to hold further negotiations with land owners for finalizing land value.The Metro authority has announced the decision to remit the amount approved by DLPC before the court. And the cash will be distributed to land owners who have given their consent to hand over their land.\"The rest of the land will be taken over according to the Land Acquisition Act. The deputy collector (LA) is assigned to furnish the details of the land to be taken over and assess its value. The value of the land will be remitted before the court,\" said KMRL managing director Tom Jose.KMRL announced this decision after holding a meeting with district collector P I Sheik Pareeth and other senior officials. The land is being acquired for executing the preparatory works including the construction of North Railway Overbridge (ROB) and the associated foot overbridge and the Salim Rajan ROB. KMRL informed that they would complete demarking the land to be acquired on Vytilla-Pettah Road within a weeks' time. \"The road will have a width of 26 metres and KMRL will opt for 30 metres width wherever possible,\" he added.The chief revenue officer has been asked to gather details of the availability of 'puramboke' lands wherever land has to be acquired for preparatory works. It has also been decided to take urgent action to transfer this puramboke land in favour of KMRL. Regarding the land for Muttam yard, 18 hectares is to be surveyed and sent for the approval of the land revenue commissioner.The deputy collector has been asked to prepare a report on the land owned by the Kerala State Housing Board, near Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium within 10 days. The Metro authority also said that they would soon hold a meeting with KSEB to decide on setting up compact secondary stations.It is time for land owners in the city to make a wise decision. If you are not ready to provide land for Kochi metro project at the cost fixed by the District Level Purchase Committee (DLPC), then be prepared to give up your land at a lesser rate. For the Kochi Metro Rail Limited (KMRL) has decided not to hold further negotiations with land owners for finalising land value.The metro authority has announced the decision to remit the amount approved by DLPC before the court. And the cash will be distributed to land owners who have given their consent to hand over their land. \"The rest of the land will be taken over according to land acquisition act. The deputy collector (LA) is assigned to furnish the details of the land to be taken over and assess its value. The value of the land will be remitted before the court,\" said KMRL managing director, Tom Jose.KMRL announced this decision after holding a meeting with District Collector P I Sheik Pareeth and other senior officials. The land is being acquired for executing the preparatory works including the construction of North Railway Overbridge (ROB) and the associated foot overbridge and the Salim Rajan ROB. KMRL informed that they would complete demarking the land to be acquired on Vytilla-Pettah road with a weeks' time. \"The road will have a width of 26 meters and KMRL will opt for 30 meters' width wherever possible,\" he added.The Chief Revenue Officer has been asked to gather details of availability of 'puramboke' lands wherever land has to be acquired for preparatory works. It has also been decided to take urgent action to transfer this puramboke land in favour of KMRL. Regarding the land for Muttam Yard , 18 hectors of land is to be surveyed and sent for the approval of Land Revenue Commissioner. The Deputy Collector has been asked to prepare a report on the land owned by the Kerala State Housing Board, near Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium within 10 days. The metro authority also said that they would soon hold a meeting with KSEB to decide on setting up compact secondary stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "13717315", "title": "Palamu police seize Maoist consignment in Daltonganj", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Palamu district police on Thursday evening intercepted a consignment and recovered cash worth 14.80 lakh in Panki. The money was to be handed over to a red outfit member Manoj Ganjhu.Sources said two persons identified as Ram Jatan Yadav and Shailender Singh have been arrested and one pistol of 7.65 bore was recovered from one of them. Police also seized a white car.Palamu superintendent of police A T Mathew said Yadav and Singh worked for one Manoj Jain, a kendu leaf trader in Chhattisgarh. The duo was on supposed to deliver Jain's consignment to Ganjhu. Acting on this tip-off police raided a white car at Panki Majhouli and recovered the cash.Yadav hails from Chatra district while Singh is the cashier-cum driver of Jain, said Mathew.Police have also seized receipts which reveal that Jain has given levy worth Rs 22 lakh to various naxalite outfits like TPC, JPC and CPI( Maoist), said Mathew.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "13715078", "title": "Machine operator dies in land slide at WCL mine", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: A machine operator was killed while another driver escaped narrowly after a Poclain excavator machine and a dumper truck fell into a pool after sump soil collapsed at Padmapur opencast sector-3 mine in the wee hours of Friday. Rescue workers had not been able to fish out the body of Poclain operator Ashok Kamble till late on Friday evening. Injured dumper operator Gajanan Pinjarkar, who escaped from the pool, has been admitted to area hospital of WCL.Ashok Kamble, who operated the Poclain machine, and Gajanan Pinjarkar, who drove the 50 tonne capacity dumper, were working on the second bench of the mine when the accident took place. At around 3am, the sump soil mixed with water, which had collected in the empty coal face above, started coming down. It is learnt that operation of the Poclain machine triggered the soil slide.The wet soil slid down from a height with such force that it carried the Poclain and dumper along with it into a huge pool of water at the base of the mine. Both the machines and drivers fell into the deep pool with sump soil falling over them. Dumper operator Pinjarkar was able to escape from his dumper after he saw the huge mass of soil sliding down. He, however, sustained severe injuries.Sub-area manager AK Choudhri and other senior officers of WCL rushed to the spot after the accident. A rescue team was summoned and operations were launched. However, rescue workers could not fish out the body of Kamble and the buried machines till late on Friday evening. Rescue work is expected to continue for the next few days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13728254", "title": "Sperm\u2019s part of daily vocab now: Shoojit Sircar", "text": "Success and hardship. John and Prosenjit. Kolkata and Delhi. Shoojit Sircar - unpluggedThis summer, sperm's the new hero. And its journey from the infertility clinic to the dining table can be summed up in two words - Vicky Donor , a gamechanger of a film that tugged at the heartstings, set cash registers ringing and gobsmacked critics from Madurai to Meerut. Has the success left him light-headed, we ask the maker. Not if you've seen hard times, shoots back Shoojit Sircar. He's been taking it easy lately, spending a quiet time with his daughters in Kolkata. \"I've missed the city in my growing years and didn't want to take Kolkata away from my kids,\" he tells us. In between feasting on Bengali food and scripting for his next, Jaffna , he says he is busy... playing football. The wisecracks, guffaws and quirks set the ball rolling for this interview. Excerpts:Life must have taken a 360-degree turn post- Vicky Donor ... Not really. I knew the subject was quirky and that the youngsters would like my film. Ayushmann (Khurrana) too had some sort of a young fan following. The first rushes of the film were impressive. But frankly, I didn't know uncles, aunties, daughters and parents would sit together and watch the film. That surprised me, but my life is in complete control. It's all because of the fiasco called Shoebite . The film is still stuck in the cans... I have seen hard times. After Yahaan (2005), this is my first release. It's unimaginable because Shoebite stars a legend like Amitabh Bachchan and features Sarika. It has been very painful. Obviously, it was the producer's problem. He needs to sort things out.Hasn't Vicky Donor been an eye-opener of sorts for the producers of Shoebite ? Yes, there has been a positive movement. I hope good sense prevails. I'm not asking them to do anything for me, but out of sheer respect towards Amitabh Bachchan and what he has done for Indian cinema. For producers, money might mean the world, but for us technicians, money is not the only thing. If a film has been made, we would want to show it to the world. The industry verdict is that Vicky Donor is a gamechanger. Movies usually ride on something, but that way, it didn't have anything to boast of. I was apprehensive about the subject and thought lokey galagali debe . The film had no stars and maximum debuts happened with it. But people made this film a huge success. I did not expect that maa, mashi, bon - everybody would watch the film together.How has the response been at home? My mother-in-law didn't understand the subject. She said, 'Sperm, what is this?' And I chose not to explain (laughs). But yes, everyone was happy with the end result.You'd said that you made Vicky Donor because a girl had given you the idea... Juhi (Chaturvedi) gave me the idea one night. She called up to say, 'How about a film on sperm donation? It's a film about this boy, Vicky, and a doctor.' I was a bit taken aback. I knew Juhi as she had written the dialogues for Shoebite . Then I thought it over all night and kept smiling. That's the best part. The idea brought a smile to my lips and I thought about how to project this on screen so that people laugh. The only way was to resort to innocence. Next morning, I called her up and said, 'Let's start scripting.' If a girl could give me the idea, I thought it was about time to make a film on sperm donation. I am not sure whether I would have done the film had a boy given me the idea. Juhi and I would talk about bizarre things as the script demanded them. Sperm donation can bring visuals to your mind that are outright dirty, vulgar and even unhygenic. We thought we'll be on a straight path and avoid being gross. And we got really excited when we saw Ayushmann. I was mighty impressed by the way he spoke to me the first time we met. The moment I saw him, I cast him then and there. I called up John (Abraham) and he came down for half an hour and said, \"I'm done.\" Ayushmann's endearing factor worked to the film's advantage. Nowhere did he look dirty as a sperm donor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13730600", "title": "Piracy is hampering growth of Punjabi music industry", "text": "Cinema and music have been the sources of entertainment for people from last many decades. People of almost all age groups, whether male or female, adult or kids, comes in the count of cinema viewers and music listeners. Indian cinema, which is considered to be the world's largest cinema industry is consisting of various regional film industries. One of the healthy cinema industry among those is our Punjabi cinema which has known for it's cultural enrichment. Moreover, making of Punjabi music album is the source of revenue generation for a large number of singers who completely rely on it.Punjabi cinema holds the worldwide popularity and the viewers of Punjabi cinema as well as the listeners of Punjabi music desperately waits for good Punjabi movies and music albums. Moreover they always keep an eye on the Punjabi movie and music album releases. But the all good health and wealth of Punjabi cinema is getting infected since long by a poisonous bug called Piracy. The factor of fear in these days is the fastest growing rate of Piracy. As the cinema of Punjab is already facing up with the problems like language barrier, low budget, lack of resources, poor content etc, now piracy has become the biggest threat for it. In countries like India, Pakistan, UK, USA and Canada there are millions of Punjabi cinema lovers but Piracy is killing this industry.Punjabi music plays the role of tremendous support for making a Punjabi movie a big hit. So many new Punjabi music albums fall up in the market daily. But along with the Punjabi movies, the Punjabi music industry is also affected by Piracy. There are many prominent personalities from the Punjabi music industry who have currently stopped releasing their songs and music albums due to this problem. Piracy is exported to India from adjoining countries. A huge network of piracy is spread all over joining one country with the other for the piracy trade purpose. Being an illegal offense, today it has become a source of earning bread for a large number of people and especially for those, who are unemployed as well as illiterate. Nowadays, people are even watching Punjabi movies through pirated videos during the same time when shown in cinema hall and multiplexes and many a times even before. The content of Punjabi cinema can be marketed legally and it is not all much expensive. Moreover this would be of great help for the Punjabi production houses as they would be expecting to deal with their target audience. Removal of piracy would lead the Punjabi cinema to have a rapid growth. Source: punjabgold.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "kochi/thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13714005", "title": "Low pressure over Arabian Sea delaying monsoon", "text": "KOCHI/THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Increasing possibility of a cyclone formation caused by a low pressure area over the Arabian Sea, right on the edge of the monsoon current, is one reason why rains have missed the June 1 date with Kerala.Meteorologists said the system's movement northwards across central Arabian Sea, where surface temperature is warmer than the surrounding waters, will weaken the monsoon current flow towards Kerala coast. \"This cyclonic development is the primary reason for the delay and once it weakens, the monsoon current will reorganise,\" said P V Joseph, former IMD director.\"Such a phenomenon had developed twice in the last few years and monsoon current ended up as a cyclone over Oman coast. But this time wind conditions are favourable for the monsoon onset in a few more days,\" said C K Rajan, professor in-charge, chair for climate change, SCMS, Kochi.For this current to convert fully into a monsoon formation, a cross-equatorial flow of wind at 1.5 km above mean sea level must act as a catalyst. \"This has not developed well yet. But other factors are all in place and we expect the onset on June 5,\" said Dr M R Ramesh Kumar , head, physical oceanography division, NIO, Goa.Meteorologists also fear that August temperatures could slightly shoot up due to the El Nino effect due to increase in sea surface temperature in the Pacific region.On the possibility of the effect of El Nino, IMD Director General Dr LS Rathore told ToI that there was a possibility but \"it has nothing to do with the onset of monsoon in Kerala.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13736087", "title": "Oprah Winfrey launches Book Club 2.0", "text": "Oprah Winfrey has announced that she will be reviving her book club ahead of the scheduled opening of BookExpo America, on Tuesday in Manhattan .'Oprah's Book Club 2.0,' a joint project of Winfrey's OWN network and her O magazine, begins on Monday this time with digital elements such as enhanced eBooks and social media outreach on platforms such as Facebook and Twitter.The first book chosen is Cheryl Strayed's popular memoir \"Wild.\"Along with the traditional paper version, featuring the circular Oprah book club logo, special e-editions will be made available that include Winfrey's comments and a reader's guide.An interview with Strayed will air on July 22 on OWN's 'Super Soul Sunday' and on Oprah Radio.Readers will be able to share opinions through Facebook and Twitter and Winfrey's website, www.oprah.com.\"This is way different from the old book club,\" CBS News quoted Winfrey as saying in an online video announcement, taped in her Chicago office and posted Friday on her website.\"This time it's an interactive, online club for our digital world,\" she said.The new club will test whether the 58-year-old still has clout with the reading public, especially when her network audience is far smaller than what she enjoyed before.Starting in the mid-1990s, the talk show hostess had made hits out of countless books through her previous club, featured on her syndicated talk show.But sales had fallen off by the time her show ended, in 2011. One of her last picks, a combined edition of Charles Dickens' 'A Tale of Two Cities' and 'Great Expectations,' was in part a victim of the e-book market as many readers simply downloaded free, public-domain versions of the novels.The initial response to Friday's announcement was slow compared to the former club, when the book would often top best-seller charts within hours of Winfrey revealing the title.As of Friday evening, 'Wild,' ranked No. 173 on Amazon.com's best-seller list and No. 265 on the Kindle e-book charts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13732757", "title": "Steve Jobs wanted to call 'iMac' 'MacMan'", "text": "WASHINGTON: Late Apple co-founder Steve Jobs wanted to name the tech giant's popular Mackintosh desktop computer as 'MacMan', instead of iMac.Kevin Segall, the man behind Apple's 'Think Different' campaign, in his upcoming book, has revealed how Jobs invited everyone to a meeting to reveal the computer that would put Apple back on the map.\"The group let out a collective \"holy cow\" and simply tried to absorb and appreciate what we were seeing-because it shattered every idea of what computers were supposed to look like,\" Segall writes in the book.\"It was a colorful one-piece computer that showed off its inner circuitry through a semitransparent shell,\" he added.Once the computer was on the fast-track to production, the group was called together once again to come up with a name for the revolutionary device.According to Mashable, Segall recounted Jobs saying to the group, 'we already have a name we like a lot, but I want you guys to see if you can beat it. The name is 'MacMan.'After comparing the name to both Sony's Walkman and the popular arcade game PacMan Segall suggested the name that finally stuck: iMac.Segall revealed the iMac name was not originally a hit with Jobs, the report said.It took a few attempts and a little persuasion to get him to stray from the MacMan name, he claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13712470", "title": "3 more airlines charge for e-ticket printout", "text": "MUMBAI: The days of rushing to the airport with only a passenger name record (PNR) number and getting a printout of your e-ticket from the airline counter for free are almost over. After Jet Airways, private airlines IndiGo, Go Air and Spice Jet have started charging Rs 50 for an e-ticket printout at the airport counter.A printout is mandatory for entry to the airport terminal and for producing at the check-in counter for a boarding pass. Jet Airways was the first Indian airline to introduce the charge from May 15. While IndiGo and Go Air introduced a similar fee on Friday, Spice Jet will charging the amount from Saturday.For airlines, the amount earned through such extra charges falls under the 'ancillary revenue' category. The fee has come as a surprise to flyers as the concept of 'ancillary revenue' has not caught up in the price-sensitive Indian market, as it has in the west or even in south-east Asia. \"Airlines in India are testing the waters with new ways of earning ancillary revenue. This fee is avoidable. One only needs to remember to take a printout before heading for the airport. Other airlines seem to have concluded it is safe to levy the fee,'' said Udit Talwar, an entrepreneur and a frequent flyer. The fee has done away with convenience. \"It was a service airlines provided for free. Taking a printout was not on the to-do list before embarking on a journey,'' he added. Air India and Kingfisher do not charge the fee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13711368", "title": "Government to close down 350 unrecognised schools in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state government has decided to close down 350 schools in the city before the commencement of the new academic year on June 13. The school education department cancelled admissions to these private schools as they have been found to be unrecognised institutions. This would reduce the number of schools in the city by one-fourth from the original 1,500. Ironically, many of these schools have been functioning for as long as two decades.The decision to close down these schools has come as part of the Right to Education Act (RTE) and the move will render about 14 city neighbourhoods without a school. Three of these schools are in Towlichowki and four in Abids. Some of the schools which do not have recognition are in Bachupalli and Rajendranagar, areas which have less than three schools in a 5-km radius.Officials said that these schools cannot be allowed to function since, with the implementation of RTE, recognition has become an important factor. \"Earlier schools which did not have recognition used to function by making their students write public examinations as private candidates. But, now, as per RTE guidelines, such schools cannot be allowed to function,\" said Surender Kumar, deputy director, school education department.The department, however, had allowed these schools to function as these were the only ones functioning in certain localities in the city.The school education department said that they have decided against allowing new admissions in these schools since unrecognized schools will not be allowed to function in the state. \"In 2010, after the RTE Act got implemented, the department had asked school managements to obtain recognition within a period of six months, which deadline was then extended by about a year. Those schools which have still failed to secure recognition will not be allowed to function,\" said an official. Along with the institutions which are facing closure this year, a total of 470 schools have been closed by the school education department across the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13715381", "title": "'Re-survey Maharashtra' project begins", "text": "PUNE: The state government is launching a pilot project called 'Re-survey Maharashtra' in 12 villages of Mulshi taluka in Pune district from June 2. GPS-based technology and satellite images will be used to re-survey the land in these villages, which will help the administration prepare maps of every village with details pertaining to ownership of land and changes introduced in land titles till now.Furthermore, these maps will help common people know about titles of land which will come in use during land deals.Officials of the department of land records said that such a re-survey has been planned for the first time in the state. It is being implemented by the state government under the Union government's National Land Record and Measurement Programme (NLRMP), which aims to upgrade land records in the country.The project will be launched by state revenue minister Balasaheb Thorat and the state minister for revenue Prakash Solanke at Pirangut in Mulshi taluka, about 25 km from Pune.Settlement commissioner and director of land records Chandrakant Dalvi said that 12 villages from Mulshi taluka have been selected for the pilot project. The land will be re-surveyed with the help of two advanced techniques - satellite imaging and GPS-based Electronic Total Stations. These techniques will enable accurate measurements of land and will help to draw maps based on data collected during the re-survey.Dalvi said that such a re-survey is being conducted for the first time in the state. It will assist in updating of old land records and thereby help bring about clarity in land titles. It will also provide details pertaining to the ownership of land - whether it is with the government or is held privately.\"The use of land and its ownerships would have changed many a times over the last many years. These repeated changes make it difficult for land owners to find out about ownership details and changes in titles. The re-survey will help clear the titles. The project will be taken to other districts in phases after the outcome of the pilot project is analysed,\" said an official from the department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13713190", "title": "Madan hints at job cuts in transport corporations", "text": "KOLKATA: Transport minister Madan Mitra wants 1,500 state transport corporation employees to accept early retirement scheme (ERS) that will cost the government a whopping Rs 250 crore. The minister also wants to hire drivers and conductors on contract basis to run buses, because many employees don't work, claiming to be physically unfit.Mitra also says that in order to make the corporations reach the break even point, at least 50% of the workforce should go. But on Friday, after reviewing the situation with the ailing transport corporations, he made no bones about admitting that he had no idea how to implement his plans - and where the Rs 250 crore for ERS would come from.He said there can be \"no magic\" that he could think of that will make them stop making losses and begin to earn profit.According to Mitra, employees who claim to be unfit and cannot work, will have to appear before a medical board. \"There are some employees who want to accept ERS, but there are others who don't want that, but don't work either, claiming they are unfit. This will have to stop, as they all have to appear before a medical board which will reveal the truth, \" Mitra said.\"And because of these non-performers, the prospects of those who perform are also being affected,\" said the minister. He said the government has to pay Rs 600 crore in subsidy every year for four transport corporations - the Calcutta Tramways Company (CTC), Calcutta State Transport Corporation (CSTC), North Bengal State Transport Corporation (NBSTC) and South Bengal State Transport Corporation (SBSTC).However, there are others like Hooghly River Bridge Commissioners (HRBC), West Bengal Transport and Infrastructure Development Corporation (WBTIDC) and West Bengal Surface Transport Corporation (WBSTC) who are doing better than these four corporations.\"Also, within a week, the corporations have to submit details of the land they own - all assets and unutilized properties have to be reported,\" Mitra said. The information would be used for the best utilization of the assets. \"The CM had held a meeting on January and asked the corporations to submit revival plans within six months. However, no miracle can be worked out for the four transport corporations for which we are shelling out Rs 600 crore every year,\" he said.The government also decided not to use the vehicles that were no longer in a workable condition and judiciously change the number of buses in routes depending on the demand and increase use of advertisements. \"We will see how to use the land once a land bank is there,\" he said. Already plans are afoot to set up shopping malls, restaurants and fuel stations in the vacant land adjoining bus terminuses.The state government has decided to organize meditation camps at Netaji Indoor Stadium next week for transport corporation employees.To improve the situation for transport employees - drivers and conductors in particular - the state will organise meditation camps next week at Netaji Indoor Stadium.State sports minister Madan Mitra on Friday spoke to Viswanathan Anand over phone from Kolkata. He congratulated Anand for retaining the world chess title for the fifth time. Dibyendu Barua, chess grandmaster from the city was also present by Mitra's side when he spoke to Anand. Mitra invited Anand to the city. Meanwhile, state youth affairs department gave Rs 1 lakh to Shilpa Chakraborty, who has qualified to cross the English channel in an event to be held between July 9 to 18. State youth affairs minister Aroop Biswas said he hoped Shilpa would make it big.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13713587", "title": "Going back to school is fun!", "text": "BANGALORE: Dhruv Sood, 6, is excited about his new Ben 10 bag. He is looking for a matching pencil box and water bottle. Angry Birds is a big draw this year, while Disney characters still hold out as old favourites.With schools reopening, malls and stationery stores in the city are packed to capacity. The multi-million rupee stationery industry is only capitalizing on the craze: from the eraser to pencil box to school bag, just about everything is branded.Stores have come up with ways to make the 'Back-To-School' experience a little bit more amazing by loading up on things to attract children and parents. Disney themes, Ben 10, Hannah Montana, Chhota Bheem, Dora and Angry Birds have literally taken over the market.Jigar Mehta, store manager of Sapna Book Mall, said, \"Though the store was inaugurated a while back, sales have been great. We've come up with Back-to-School kits that have all kinds of stationery a kid needs, with the added benefits of their favourite cartoon characters.\"While Sapna Book Mall dedicated an entire section to Disney character merchandise, rival Staples hit back with over 3,000 products and discounts of up to 50%. \"Our Back to School scheme has been incredibly successful. We've had 22 to 25% increase in profits per week. Kids are going fanatical this season with the choices available,\" said store manager Abdul Raqebe.\"My school bag has Ben 10 on it which I completely love,\" said Sarthak Bhatnagar, a Class IV student.Bargains tooWith over 40% increase in profits and a turnover of lakhs per week, Crossword is giving out amazing bargains with stationery kits, starting as low as Rs 30. \"We have a 10% discount for our members whereas we're giving out free Disney DVDs to kids on purchases of over Rs 649,\" said Ajmal P, store manager.Uravi Pania, a Class V student at JSS School, had made up her mind. \"I love Barbie! My schoolbag, pencil box, water bottle and name stickers have Barbie on it.\" Shopping at Lifestyle, Uravi's younger sister Siddhi preferred Chhota Bheem. She said, \"I like Chhota Bheem and Tom and Jerry, and bought everything with them on!\"Brands like Disney, Camlin, Pidilite, Navneet, Faber Castel, Kores and Maped have flooded the markets with an array of themed choices, spoiling kids completely before the next academic session kicks off.-- Lobsang Tseten and Rashi Jauhri", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13729368", "title": "Simon Pegg wants negative roles", "text": "\" Star Trek \" actor Simon Pegg says he would love to play a negative character especially Bond villain.The 42-year-old believes he is too regularly cast as a good guy in films and would love the opportunity to play an iconic baddie such as Dr No .\"I generally get hired to play nice people but I'd love to play a bad guy. I'd like to be a Bond villain and I like cats so it would be great to have a job that I had to hold a cat a lot,\" femalefirst.co.uk quoted Pegg as saying.\"My wife is allergic so I don't get to spend a lot of time with cats,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13720019", "title": "Pooch rainwear market ready ahead of monsoon", "text": "BHOPAL: Want to save your pooch from rain? Go for latest rainwear in the market. Even vets suggest dog owners should make cover their dog in raincoat before taking them out in rain. \"It is highly recommended that your pooches are saved from getting wet in rains as dogs run greater risk of catching pneumonia,\" A S Parihar, senior veterinary surgeon at the state veterinary hospital, told TOI.While the city is preparing itself for monsoons, the rainwear market for pooch is ready with a variety of rainwear. Raincoats for dogs in Bhopal are available in the range of Rs 600 to Rs 3,000 depending on the size and quality of raincoats.\"Raincoats for dogs are made up of fur and nylon. The inner layer of the raincoat consists of fur to prevent them from cold and the outer layer of nylon to prevent them from rain,\" Vishnu, the owner of a pet shop at an Arera Colony market said.Rainwear for dogs is also available in various designs. \"Most sold designs are paws and small bones. The color of most of the raincoats is vibrant as pets look more beautiful in them,\" Vishnu added.Raincoats are also available in different sizes, varying from 20 cm wide to 56 cm wide. Special raincoats for puppies are also available. There are two types of raincoats in the market. These include raincoats with legs, without legs, zips, knots and velcro.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "13712399", "title": "Calangute cops crack robbery case within hours", "text": "CALANGUTE: In a major burglary which was solved within hours, the residential premises of the manager of a leading discotheque in Baga was robbed of 9 lakh on the intervening night of Thursday and Friday.The Calangute police said that they received a complaint from Sampat Bangera, the manager of Hype discotheque located on Tito's lane, that unknown persons had entered his residential premises in Ximer, Candolim, near Dukle's hospital, and robbed 9 lakh which he had kept in a cupboard.Acting swiftly in the early hours of Friday, the Calangute police rushed to his residence with a sniffer dog. Suspecting the involvement of one of the staffers of the discotheque, the police summoned all the employees, numbering 20, to the Calangute police station for questioning at about 5am.With the aid of the sniffer dog the police zeroed in on the cashier, Min Bahadur Singh, as the prime suspect. Calangute PI Nolasco Raposo said that on sustained interrogation the cashier confessed to the crime and told the police that after he stole the money he had first hidden it in some bushes near Cafe Coffee Day in Baga.According to the police, Singh left the club between 9pm and 10pm and proceeded to Bangera's house where he stole the money and concealed it in the bushes at Baga. Later, in the wee hours of Friday, he handed over the money to Umer Mohammad Ali, a security guard working for Hype. The cash was later recovered by the police.Further investigations were still in progress on Friday evening to ascertain whether the cashier had committed the crime with the help of any more employees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13711991", "title": "Now, frantic varsity ropes in new paper setters", "text": "MUMBAI: The answer to Mumbai university's recurring paper leaks may not be far to seek. Two of the three designated paper setters never submit the manuscripts of the question paper that they are supposed to frame. \"In return for this favour, the faculty member who has set the paper trades the questions with the other two,\" said a source .This throws the natural system of checks-and-balances out of the window. Worse, at least all the three examiners now know which paper is going to be handed over to the students.\"It has been tough to break this unholy nexus of paper setters. It gets worse as we do not have many senior teachers in the system who can be assigned the task of setting papers,\" said former pro-VC A D Sawant. When he was heading the university in the last part of the past decade, he recalled, \"Of the 750 question papers for engineering students, we had three sets of papers for 27 subjects only.\" Mumbai university, in the thick of paper leaks, is trying to plug this loophole and is currently scampering around to get the appointed paper setters to submit the question paper manuscripts, said sources. \"As the university is now sending more than one question paper to exam centres, it is asking the other examiners who originally haven't submitted their manuscripts to do so. In fact many new faculty members have been roped in to set additional question papers, especially for the first year engineering exams,\" said a source in the university. Few know that question papers till the 1930s bore the names of the paper setter. Students would walk out of the exam hall in awe of the fact that they had answered a paper that was set by, say R G Bhandarkar (former university VC). The practice was done away with after students started flocking to some paper setters' tutorials. \"But most teachers enjoyed high credibility then,\" said historian Aroon Tikekar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13714514", "title": "Srinagar, a paradise for stray dogs too", "text": "BANGALORE: The stray dogs:human ratio of 1:37 in Bangalore may be shocking. But Srinagar is terrible, at 1:13. Bangaloreans' plight though is better than Mumbaikars - there's a stray for 31 humans. New Delhi has one for every 43 but Chennai seems to have got its act together - there's a stray for 100 people.Mumbai has about 4 lakh stray dogs for a population of 1.24 crore. New Delhi too has a stray dog population of 4 lakh but its human population is 1.77 crore. Srinagar has 92,000 stray dogs as against 14 lakh humans. Chennai has only 47,000 stray dogs for a human population of 46.81 lakh.Experts blame Bangalore's poor record in tackling stray dog menace on lack of scientific approach to sterilizing and relocating them and failure to cull them.Ganesh Nayak, founder, NGO Animals Matter to Me (Mumbai chapter) and member of the Animal Welfare Association, said: \"Culling stray dogs is not an option. We have to spread awareness about sterilization. Also dogs, or any other animal for that matter, cannot survive if they are relocated out of their territory. We need to take preventive steps to overcome this problem.\"S Chinny Krishna, vice-chairman, Animal Welfare Board, Chennai, said: \"Humans are a menace in Chennai, certainly not stray dogs. Several cities have taken up animal birth control measures but it has not been a sustained programme. In many places where the ABC programme was being implemented, local municipalities suddenly ordered destruction of dogs on a massive scale in a knee-jerk reaction to complaints and the dogs culled were usually the ones that had been spayed and vaccinated at great expense and effort.\"\"The municipal corporation of Delhi has an MoU with 10 NGOs across the city that sterilize and vaccinate stray dogs. The corporation has constantly supported this initiative and has also created a special purpose vehicle called the Society for Stray Canine Birth Control for this purpose,\" said Arpan Sharma, CEO, Federation of Indian Animal Protection Organizations, Delhi.Electrocution earlierBetween 1936 and 1999, the policy of the erstwhile Bangalore City Corporation was to kill stray dogs by electrocution and to vaccinate pet dogs by Neural Tissue Vaccine (NTV). In spite of killing more than 25 million dogs during this period, the dog population continued to increase and so did instances of dog bites and human rabies deaths. In October 2000, BBMP adopted ABC programme to control the dog population.Victim goes to high courtA 5-year-old boy Jishnu was attacked by stray dogs in Yelahanka in July 2011. The boy and his mother Vidya P filed a PIL in the Karnataka High Court seeking a compensation of Rs 5 lakh from BBMP and have sought directions to the civic body to clean up garbage and protect residents from further attacks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13715388", "title": "Ethanol makers want Centre to revise price", "text": "PUNE: A litre of petrol would cost less than what it does today if the Union government had fixed the purchase price of ethanol used for blending with the fuel, Ethanol Manufacturers' Association of India have said.The purchase price, last fixed in 2010, was to stay till July 2011. Manufacturers demanded a revised rate of Rs 35 per litre last year, but the Centre has not done much.The Union government approved ethanol-blending with petrol 12 years ago. Once mixed with petrol and diesel, the product gives equal energy with lesser carbon emission. Unlike petroleum products, ethanol's production is easier and economical.The Centre had also planned to increase ethanol blending from 5% to 20%, so that the import bill on fossil fuels would come down. However, local use of the blended fuel has not taken off as expected.\"If ethanol is blended with petrol, the fuel would cost Rs 3 less per litre. The average price of a litre of petrol is Rs 75 across the country. Ethanol manufacturers are demanding Rs 35 per litre from the government, which is less than half the retail price of a litre of petrol. With no decision forthcoming, we are exporting ethanol to EU countries,\" said R G Mane, managing director of Ethanol Manufacturers' Association of India.This April, a supplementary tender was issued by the oil companies for ethanol supply. Many manufacturers did not pitch their bids because the tender quoted the old purchase rate of Rs 27 per litre.\"The Union government decided Rs 27 per litre as the price for ethanol in 2010, and asked oil companies to float tenders as per their requirement. That year, ethanol production was smooth. We expected an upward revision to Rs 35 per litre, because of the rise in the cost of raw material and production,\" Mane added.Various meetings were held, but the new price was not fixed, he added. \"Ethanol blending has been affected. Many suppliers have either stopped ethanol supply or diverted it to overseas markets because of better prices,\" he said. The current ethanol export rate is Rs 35 per litre which is supplied to countries in the European Union , Mane said.Vijaysinh Mohite Patil, president of EMI, said, \"I have sent many reminders to the committee, headed by prime minister Manmohan Singh , to fix the price so that manufacturers can start supply to oil companies. The domestic industry incurs losses by selling ethanol at Rs 27 per litre when the production cost is almost Rs 33 per litre. Today, hardly any ethanol blending is taking place, as government has not fixed ethanol purchase price,\" he added.Deepak Desai, senior consultant and member of Ethanol India, said, \"The oil companies issued tenders by September 2, 2011, but because of lower price quoted, there is little response from EMI members. The domestic industry can grow if the government takes ethanol blending seriously.\"Total requirement of Ethanol in country: 105 crore litreMaharashtra supply: 14.77 crore litre.Total tenders filled so far: 7.50 crore litre.Deadline for the supply: 30 September 2012.Current fixed price: Rs 27 per litre.Price sought: Rs 35 per litre.Ethanol in MaharashtraAnnual molasses production: 30 lakh tonnePotable Alcohol: 15 crore litreIndustrial Alcohol: 30 crore litreArmy and small industries:1.5 crore litreEthanol manufacturing capacity:90 crore litre", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "13712412", "title": "Woman robbed while dining in Baga", "text": "CALANGUTE: Unidentified persons robbed a tourist from Maharashtra while she was dining at a restaurant in Calangute on Wednesday.Calangute police said Rakhi Sachdev, wife of Deepak Sachdev, was having dinner at the Baga Deck restaurant on Wednesday evening and had kept her bag on the table. After a while she noticed that the bag was missing and raised an alarm. However, the bag could not be traced. Rakhi Sachdev said that the bag contained cash and other valuables worth around 1,38,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13712314", "title": "Medium of instruction policy to be unveiled on Monday", "text": "MARGAO: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Friday said he would reveal the government's decision on the medium of instruction (MoI) issue by Monday, three days before schools reopen for the new academic year.Speaking to media persons in Margao, Parrikar said care has been taken to ensure that no injustice will be caused to anybody by the MoI policy the government will adopt. He, however, declined to elaborate further, nor did he spell out the nature of his \"please all\" formula.TOI had on Thursday reported how the suspense over the announcement of the policy has left parents anxious and over half-a-dozen important education related policies in a state of limbo. More than a month after the high court of Bombay at Goa cleared the way for the state government to implement its MoI decision, the state is yet to come clear over the issue.In the run-up to the March 2012 assembly elections, BJP had opposed the Congress government's decision of extending government grants to English medium primary schools. In its election manifesto BJP said it \"subscribes to the universal scientific principle of primary education in the mother tongue\" and that, accordingly, \"the grant-in-aid will be released to primary level schools with medium in regional language\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13730695", "title": "Opera in the Kolkata", "text": "Dancer-actor Indrani Dutta will take part in an opera that will soon be staged in the city.\"The show will begin on June 6 and will continue till July with two shows every week so that people don't miss out,\" said Indrani, who has conceptualized the show.The performance, comprising a team of 40 artistes, will be an ensemble of three adapted stories, Shakuntala, Arabian Love Story and Cinderella. While the music for Shakuntala has been composed by Joy Sarkar, the act has been choreographed by Indrani. Bickram Ghosh has composed for Arabian Love Story, which has been choreographed by Tuban. Violin Brothers have composed the music for Cinderella while Mumbai-based Yogesh Patkar has choreographed the act. Chhau artistes from Purulia will also be part of the show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13712550", "title": "Facing crunch, corporations push RTI offline", "text": "NEW DELHI: The much-lauded online RTI application facility- started a year ago - has been stalled by the three new municipal bodies. The erstwhile MCD was the first government agency to take the application process online. However, due to procedural delays and staff crunch, the corporations have been unable to sustain the facility. What's worse is that the ruling BJP - which had made tall promises on ensuring greater transparency through e-governance - is having a hard time processing RTI applications manually too.Though the three corporations were formed exactly a month ago, Public Information Officers (PIOs)-to whom the RTIs are addressed-were appointed recently. \"It was difficult to provide the service as the posts for PIOs were vacant. The filing procedure requires the applicant to select a PIO. As PIOs were not notified in time, the facility has been shut down,'' said an official. The decision to discontinue the service was taken on May 19.South Delhi Municipal Corporation notified the list of PIOs on May 28 and East Delhi Municipal Corporation came out with it two days later. \"We have notified the list of PIOs. The information technology department has to create login and passwords for the new officers. The service has been temporarily halted,\" said Manish Gupta, commissioner, South corporation.When asked why the list of PIOs wasn't issued earlier, SS Yadav, commissioner of East corporation, said, \"We didn't have enough staff. The office order regarding the division of staff came on May 1, but officials started reporting to their respective corporations only after May 10. We are still facing a staff crunch.\" In North corporation, the list was notified last week.Not just the online facility, even the manual process of filing applications has been giving trouble to residents. They are still addressing RTIs related to health to the municipal health officer, who was the PIO in MCD. But now there are three municipal health officers. Officials say they are having a tough time processing the applications, thanks to trifurcation. RTIs which were filed after May 1 are yet to be handed over to PIOs. At present, RTIs can be file only at citizen service bureaus.\"These are just teething problems. Trifurcation is a big exercise and it will take time to streamline the process. We have to divide RTIs between the three bodies,\" said Gupta.In one year, the civic body received 3,963 RTIs online. Sources say the facility may become operational in a couple of months. RTI activists blame poor planning and trifurcation for the mess. \"The trifurcation should have been planned properly so citizen-centric services don't get affected,\" said Shailesh Gandhi, information commissioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13713023", "title": "Traffic curbs during Prime Minister visit to city", "text": "KOLKATA: Traffic movement will be restricted along a large stretch of central, south and east Kolkata due to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's visit to the city on Saturday. The PM is supposed to attend two programmes at Salt Lake and Kolkata. During his journey towards Salt Lake, traffic movement will be controlled along VIP Road and Rajarhat bypass in the morning.His next programme is at Calcutta University. The PM is supposed to leave Salt Lake at 11.15am and his convoy will take EM Bypass from Chingrighata crossing and then he will travel along Park Circus connector, AJC Bose Road flyover, Red Road, RR Avenue and Chittaranjan Avenue. He will reach RCTC from where an IAF chopper will take him back to airport at 1.15 pm. During these hours traffic movement will be regulated along his route which will create major traffic snarl along the stretch in the busy morning hours. Kolkata police however asked people to avoid those roads to avoid trouble.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13717399", "title": "Sukhraj Grewal\u2019s prized liqueurs are gifts from friends and cousins", "text": "LUDHIANA: For Sukhraj Grewal, his liqueurs are more than just a drink after meals. Just like his scotch collection, they have earned a discreet space for themselves inside the cabinets of his tavern. When taken out, the bottles must sit on the fancy coasters. Not like beer cans and shady vodkas lying on the counter-top.He points out Chambord Royale Deluxe, standing alone with a crown atop its lid, - the iconic, captivating packaging with the French heritage. \"It's made from red and black raspberries, Madagascar vanilla, Moroccan citrus peel, honey and cognac and is produced in the Loire Valley of France,\" he reads from the back of the spherical bottle.However, despite his epicurean spread , most of his prized liqueurs have not been bought by him. Each one of them has been sent from or brought by his cousins and friends settled abroad.\"There's none that I have purchased myself. I gift them my farm produce and they bring these return gifts made of similar stuff,\" says Grewal, sharing his code of barter.As he pours another of his intoxicating elixirs into the empty glass, more secrets like the pearls of his cupboard tumble out. The tavern was once a garage and a junkyard where the men had inane conversations over rounds of scotches.Last, it even served as his wife's fancy boutique. The spot lights, the mirrors and part of furniture have stayed on. \"The only thing is that the expensive clothes have now been replaced with expensive acids,\" he laughs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13719736", "title": "Poverty-stricken farmer, family commit suicide", "text": "BHOPAL: Driven by abject poverty and financial distress, a farmer along with his wife and two children committed suicide by jumping before a train in Harda district in western Madhya Pradesh , police said on Friday.Rajendra Singh Rajput, 40, along with his wife aged 35, and two boys Aniketh, 14, and Mohit, 11, was run over by Guwahati Express (Mumbai LTT - Guwahati) in Palasnar area on Thursday night, they said.Rajendra, hailing from Kalanpur village, along with wife and kids came down walking to a temple in Harda and after offering prayer took the extreme step, Harda district superintendent of police RS Uike told TOI.He said initially it appears Rajendra was in financial distress failing to make both ends meet. \"He was a deeply religious person. I have sent the sub divisional officer of police (SDOP) to Kalanpur to carry out detailed investigation regarding the exact cause which prompted Rajendra to take the extreme step,\" Uike said.Rajendra had 14 acres agriculture land which he had sold off some four years ago, people close to Rajput family said. After this, he used to take land on lease and cultivate it to make a living, they added.He was under tremendous stress following financial hardship. He frequented temples, especially Sai Baba to draw comfort. Some months ago, he went to Sai Baba temple in Shirdi as well, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13712552", "title": "'Contingency plan needed for paper assessment'", "text": "MUMBAI: Universities should prepare a contingency plan so that assessment of answersheets is not affected in the event of a boycott call by teachers' associations, the Bombay high court said on Friday.A vacation bench of Justice R Y Ganoo and Justice Nitin Jamdar was hearing a petition filed by Akhil Bhartiya Vidyarthi Parishad seeking action against teachers and associations, including Maharashtra Federation of University and College Teachers, that had called for the boycott of assessment work. The strike was called off on May 18.At the last hearing, the court directed the state and Mumbai university to enumerate steps taken by them to ensure timely assessment of answersheets. Additional government pleader A S Saluja submitted that the government has directed all universities in the state to expedite assessment work. \"By mid-June, the process should be over in most universities,'' said Saluja.Affidavits were filed by the state and Mumbai university assuring the court that assessment work was almost complete and results declared for most courses. \"Mumbai university has completed 93.65% of assessment work,'' says the affidavit by D D Ghuge, deputy registrar (central assessment process cell).ABVP's advocate Uday Warunjikar urged for an adjournment saying claims in the affidavits had to be verified. The judges said they would not like to interfere and will post the matter before a regular court. The matter will be heard on June 20.The Bombay high court said that universities must come up with a contingency plan to ensure that correction of papers is not affected in the event of a teachers' strike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13731644", "title": "Isaignani Ilaiyaraja turned 65", "text": "Isaignani Ilaiyaraja turned 65 today with wishes pouring in from everyone from the industry. Ilaiyaraja entered the music industry in 1976, and kick started his career through the movie Annakkili. Almost nearing 1000 films, the man has created over 4000 songs. Industry favourites have tweeted their blessings and wishes for the singer through twitter, praising him for his compositions and dedication to the film industry.Shreya Ghosal: Happy birthday to the maestro our dear Ilaiyaraja sir. The best of health and happiness to you sir. Continue creating magic with your musicMirchi Shiva: Long live the king, its indeed a blessing to live alongside a legend.the one and only isaignyani illayaraja!happy b,day long live the kingYuvan Shankar Raja: Happy birthday to music :-)Madhan Karky: 'chinna thaayaval thanda raasaave', my all time fav song. Hearty birthday wishes to the two great legends behind that piece of magicDevi Sri Prasad: Happy Bday to Maestro ILAYARAJA-The First Name Of MUSIC.!! May his Music fill our hearts with Happiness forever!! Let's celebrate this day! Any Music lover must listen to this song! How does this LEGEND Raja sir come out with wonders that stir ur heart !! His Music \"Speaks\"!!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13713003", "title": "MP, MLA join parents as they protest excess school fees", "text": "COIMBATORE: Inciting the ongoing issue of excess fee collection by a section of private school managements in the city, two prominent political leaders, PR Natarajan, Coimbatore MP from CPM and CPI District Secretary and Valparai MLA, M Arumugam, announced their support to the protesting parents. They stated that private schools should abide by the fee structure prescribed by the state government. They also participated in a protest demonstration organized by the parents and held in front of the Red Cross Building here in the city on Friday evening. The protest was spearheaded by Students Welfare Association of Parents (SWAP), a common body of parents from various city schools that have been consistently following the issue. CPI leader Arumugam said that the protest might intensify if the school management continues to disregard the government prescribed fee structure.\"The government has already prescribed a fee structure and schools should follow it. Harassing and intimidating the children and their parents to ensure that they pay excess school fees is very unfortunate,\" said PR Natarajan, Coimbatore MP.Parents in some of the leading private matriculation schools have already alleged that the school managements were threatening to withhold the transfer certificates, result sheets and textbook challans unless pending fee amounts were paid at the earliest. Numerous petitions and counter petitions have been filed with the educational department in this regard already.\"Schools are trying to exploit parents by charging additional fees in the guise of various extra curricular activities that are made compulsory,\" said R Manimohan, Chairman, SWAP.Parents also requested the state government to ensure that the text books included in the school curriculum should be made available in the open market. Majority of the matriculation schools are expected to reopen for the new academic year on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13716560", "title": "\u2018Need for pre-marital counselling\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: This study is perhaps just a formal testimony to what married women knew since ages. In an interesting study conducted on \"need for pre-marital counselling,\" nearly 90% married women agreed to the need for such counselling before wedlock and wished they knew their partner well before marriage.The study was conducted recently by faculty members of Government Home Science College, Sector 10, on married and unmarried men and women of different age groups.\"Close to 80% women changed their way of dressing and their lifestyle completely after marriage, while only 20% men reported such changes. It was also found that 15% women had changed their jobs after marriage which were not as satisfying as the previous ones according to our pilot study,\" said Ravneet Chawla, assistant professor at the college.Twenty members from different categories, ranging from those with 5 to 25 years of married life experience, were questioned and it was found that most married women reported drastic changes in their life after marriage which they had not anticipated.In case of unmarried men comprising college-going youngsters, it was found that 70% of them \"did not want to talk about settling down yet.\" This lot of youngsters said that they found girls too complicated to understand.\"Twenty per cent of the respondents in this age group of single men said that because of bitter experiences in their families where boys' parents were harassed due to a wrong match and girls took advantage of that, they wanted to take time to understand their responsibilities better,\" added Chawla.This research titled, \"Documenting perspectives to develop modules for pre-marital counseling,\" to find out the need for pre-marital counselling was awarded in the human development category at a national seminar on women and rural development oganized by the College of Home Science and Home Science Association of India, Punjab recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "13714623", "title": "Govt neglecting people, promoting industry: MLC Shobhatai Fadanvis", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: The government appears to have a policy of supporting industries at the cost of citizens, said MLC Shobhatai Fadanvis. She alleged that the radial well of Dhariwal Infrastructure Ltd, a power project, coming up near village Wada, would create water scarcity in 13 villages in a radius of 15km.Interacting with reporters at the Circuit House here, Fadanvis claimed that 13 villages, including Wada, Dhanora, Bhoyagaon, Irai, Pipri, Jaitapur, Ekodi, Borgaon, Usgaon, Mahakurla and Pandrakawda, are going to face severe water scarcity once this radial well starts pumping water for the power plant. \"Over 15,000 people live in villages in 15km radius of the radial well constructed on Wardha river. These villages need 5.19 lakh litre water daily, whereas the company is going to lift nearly 5.28 crore litre of water from the river. The entire area around the water lifting facility would be deprived of drinking water during summer, when the industry starts pumping water from this radial well,\" she alleged.Fadanvis was on the two-member committee of legislative council appointed to investigate irregularities in construction of water lifting facility for Dhariwal Power Project on Wardha River. Fadanvis and fellow MLC Jainuddin Zaveri had inspected the facility under construction and submitted their report to the government.She alleged that the company had dug below the waterbed and is going to draw water from the deep water table through the radial well. \"The inquiry committee was instituted after a question was raised by me in the house. Company was directed to stop the work during the course of inquiry; however it was found that the company had continued construction during inquiry period. Investigations have also revealed that several norms were breached to provide permission of radial well to the company,\" she alleged.She informed that a public interest litigation against the company had been filed in the high court, and hearing on the matter would be held on June 12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13715970", "title": "Woman sent to jail for abetting husband's suicide", "text": "PATNA: The Patna Police on Friday forwarded Archana Tiwary alias Anshu, a dancer, to judicial custody.Archana was arrested on the charge of torturing her husband Rahul Kumar (28) and provoking him to commit suicide. Rahul had committed suicide by hanging himself from the ceiling of a room in his flat at Om Raj Apartment, located on Jamal Road under the Gandhi Maidan police station area on April 29 last.City SP, Patna, Kim said that Archana was arrested on Thursday evening. She said that during supervision of the case, Archana was charged with abetment to suicide. Kim said that Rahul was very disturbed with his wife's extra-marital relationships, including the one with Sunil Kumar Sinha. Besides that, he opposed Archana's regular visits to different places for giving her dance performances, the City SP said and added that police would also arrest Sunil Kumar Sinha for his alleged role in the entire episode.Kim said that though it was a case of suicide, Rahul's parents alleged that their son was murdered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13712483", "title": "No food in plastic packs at Jan Ahars", "text": "MUMBAI: Central Railway (CR) has banned the sale of food items packed in plastic wrappers or non-bio-degradable material at its Jan Ahar centres at CST.CR plans to sell food items like peanuts, grams, popcorn, etc to compensate for the drop in food varieties after the ban comes into effect. It has already banned the sale of such food items from stalls on platforms from where local trains operate. Subodh Jain, CR general manager, said: \"We have stopped the sale of such items from two Jan Ahars at CST.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13716805", "title": "Pyarimohan Mohapatra detractors rally for chief minister's grace", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The suspension of Rajya Sabha MP Pyarimohan Mohapatra from the BJD in the wake of internal revolt has come as a shot in the arm of a number of MLAs who always held him responsible for being sidelined because of his enormous influence on chief minister Naveen Patnaik .Now that the BJD is set to move on a different track with Pyari almost out of the scene, these leaders hope not only to find a berth in the ministry but occupy important positions in the party. On Tuesday, when the meeting began at Pyari's Sahid Nagar residence sparking rumours that the once-most-powerful leader of the party is out to stage a coup to grab power, these leaders got together, rushed to chief minister's home, Naveen Niwas, and started formulating impromptu strategy to neutralize the alleged takeover bid. Those in the forefront of the save-Naveen mission included Sanjay Dasburma, Damodar Rout, Debashis Nayak, Prafulla Ghadei, Ashok Panda, Arun Sahoo, Debasis Samantray, Pratap Jena and Prasanna Acharya. They not only kept the chief minister, away in London , informed about the developments, but tried to take away some of the MLAs from the Pyari camp, who had by then holed up in a city hotel.The Bramhagiri MLA, Dasburma, though entered the Assembly for the first time, nevertheless is seen as an important BJD member. Sources said his attempts to become minister had all along been thwarted by Pyari. Damodar Rout is known as a bitter critic of Pyarimohan Mohapatra. He always questioned Pyari wielding so much influence in the functioning of the government and the party and disapproved of the chief minister being heavily dependant on him. Rout had apprehension that he might not win the 2009 elections because of possible conspiracy by Pyari. When Naveen dropped him from the ministry, he felt it was because of Pyarimohan Mohapatra and questioned the latter emerging as a 'second power centre' in the party.So is the case with Debashis Nayak, who since Naveen's days as Union minister had all along remained as his closest confidante. Nayak was removed as minister during Naveen's second term and turned hostile after being suspended from the party recently. If party sources are to be believed Naveen Niwas was out of bounds for Nayak.But on Tuesday he seized the opportunity to revive his relation with Naveen. He rushed to the chief minister's residence and was seen frantically calling people.MLA Ashok Panda's bitter feeling towards Pyari is no secret. Party sources said Panda had been trying to be closer to Naveen even when he was in the Central Information Service and was speculated to join the chief minister's office as officer on special duty, but for Pyari's intervention. He feels even a BJD ticket to him was not to Pyari's liking.Ranendra Pratap Swain dislikes Pyarimohan Mohapatra since the days when the latter was the principal secretary to Biju Patnaik as chief minister.Swain's nomination paper as BJD candidate was rejected in the 2009 Assembly elections. He fought it in the court and won the legal battle, causing a by-election in Athagarh constituency. He won the elections with a huge margin. Swain has always held Pyari responsible for all that he suffered.BJD sources said the chief minister after dismissing two ministers, Anjali Behera and Sanjib Sahoo, and suspending from the party Pyari and two other MLAs would soon go for a reshuffle in the ministry when these people might be accommodated for showing their unflinching loyalty to him at the time of crisis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "13716088", "title": "Police present challan against Shital Vij in court", "text": "JALANDHAR: Police have presented a challan against industrialist Shital Vij, whose factory had collapsed on April 15 night, in which 23 workers were killed, in the court. The challan has been filed under section 304 of IPC -- death due to negligence -- and police have sought to prove his negligence by taking prima facie evidence on record.It is learned that in the challan, presented in the court a few days back, apart from recording statements of some of workers of the factory of Shital Fibres, statements of some government officials have also been recorded to prove that the factory collapsed due to negligence on the part of Vij.Officials whose statements have been recorded and have been made part of the challan have brought on record that the factory did not have necessary clearances and certifications.Apart from recording the statement of deputy director, factories, Parmal Singh, police have also recorded statements of Punjab State Industrial and Export Corporation officials.However, the statement of deputy director, factories, appears to be the most damning. It claimed that the factory was not even registered under Factories Act, 1948 and was being run without license.The statement also alleged that Vij had not got approved the plans of building and machinery from the directorate of factories and also did not obtain stability certificate of the factory building.The deputy director has already filed criminal complaints against Vij for these violations in the collapsed factory and also in five other factories, being run by Vij and his son.Various official documents have also been brought on record while revelations made by two construction contractors - one who undertook construction of old building and other who was constructing the new building in the adjoining plot -- have also been made part of the challan, sources said.However, Vij, in his statement submitted to divisional commissioner S R Ladhar, who is holding a separate inquiry, had contested the contentions of various government departments, claiming that he had obtained all necessary clearances. It was, in fact, digging by Punjab Water Supply and Sewerage Board on the rear side of the building, which led to collapse of the building, Vij's statement said, claiming complete innocence in the case.Police had initially booked Vij under section 304 of IPC -- culpable homicide not amounting to murder -- and under Prevention of Corruption Act. However, later, PCA Act was dropped and 304 was changed to 304 A as police claimed that there was no evidence to prove charges of culpable homicide and it was only a case of negligence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "13717679", "title": "Miscreants damage Tenughat water canal", "text": "BOKARO: A group of displaced persons on Friday tried to disrupt water supply to the Bokaro Steel Plant (BSL) and its township area by breaking walls of the Tenughat water canal near Tupkadih village in Balidih.This is the second incident in 35 days when the miscreants broke the walls of the Tenughat canal. The 34-km-long canal carries waters to the BSL from the Tenughat Dam to fulfill its water requirement.Police have recovered several posters from the spot. The posters carried demands of an outfit called \"Gramin Militia Group (GMG)\", which claimed responsibility for the incident. The miscreants threatened to disturb the peace of the town, if displaced people did not get their rights. The posters also said the GMG would organize \"jan adalat\" (kangaroo court) and punish \"dalals\" (middlemen) for which the BSL and the state government would be responsible.DSP (headquarters) P N Singh said this was the first time when the name of such an organization had come to fore. Police were investigating to ascertain who were behind the posters. \"We have got few names of the persons which we are verifying. An FIR has been lodged in this connection with Balidih police station,\" he said.Following the incident, officials of the water resource department and the BSL began the restoration work. Narrating the incident, superintendent engineer of the Tenughat Dam Birender Mohan Prasad said the villagers raised the alarm in the morning first seeing water flowing outside the damaged wall.Fortunately, the team reached the spot on time and started repairing work of the broken portion, which was about three feet deep and one feet wide. \"A few hours delay could have led to a major subsidence of the wall causing major loss to the BSL,\" said Prasad.BSL chief of communication Sanjay Tiwari said timely intervention of local villagers had averted major mishap. On April 27, miscreants had broken the wall of the canal at Baruataad that was around 200 meters away from the present spot, following which water came out from the broken portion and submerged the area. The residents and BSL had to suffer water crisis for a few days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13713655", "title": "Private tankers fleecing residents", "text": "GURGAON: Long hours of power cuts have severely affected the water supply in Gurgaon. In the absence of adequate supply, residents have to increasingly depend on private suppliers of water tankers who are cashing in on the situation. They are allegedly charging the hapless residents Rs 1,500-Rs 2,000 per tanker, which are usually sold at Rs 300. Some of the worst affected areas include DLF City, Sushant Lok, Sector 56 and 57. Spread over 2,360 acres and with a population of over three lakh, DLF City requires a minimum of 15 MGD water daily.But currently, it is getting a supply of only 3.5 MGD. The colony has over 700 residents. The developer has about five water tankers which supply a maximum of 1.25 lakh litres of water per day.The residents of other colonies are entirely dependent on water tankers. Sameer Kochhar, a resident of Sushant Lok I, Block A, said that he has to often forgo work to make arrangements for water supply. Power cuts are the main reason behind the crisis. Even a tanker,which usually gets filled in 40 minutes, takes over an hour to be filled up when power is supplied by a generator.A private tanker supplier, Amar Singh, said that they are not fleecing customers. \"We have about a dozen-odd tankers. The cost of running a tanker has gone up because of the increase in fuel prices. Moreover, to fill each tanker, a lot of power is consumed and it takes over an hour.\"HUDA has,meanwhile, expressed its helplessness. Naresh Pawar, executive engineer, HUDA, said that the problem has augmented because of the frequent power cuts and voltage fluctuations. He claimed that the department is trying its best to augment water supply. \"We have asked the irrigation department for an additional supply of at least 40 cusecs of untreated water to the Basai plant which is currently getting 70 cusecs through the Gurgaon Water Supply Canal (GWSC).\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13736969", "title": "Court awards jail term to BJP MLA in Karnataka", "text": "BANGALORE: In the first ever conviction of a Legislator in Karnataka under the Prevention of Corruption Act, a ruling BJP MLA was today sentenced to three-and-a half year rigorous imprisonment in a bribery case by the Lokayukta Special Court.Judge N K Sudheendra Rao also imposed a fine of Rs 40,000 on Y Sampangi failing which he has to undergo imprisonment for another six months.The judge directed the Lokayukta Deputy Superintendent of Police to issue arrest warrant on Sampangi and take him into custody.Sampangi, who represents Kolar Gold Fields assembly constituency, was trapped by Lokayukta police on January 29, 2009 while accepting Rs 50,000 and a cheque for Rs 4.5 lakh from a person to settle a civil dispute.He was found guilty under section 13 (1) d of the Prevention of Corruption Act in the trial that lasted more than three years.Sampangi's conviction has come as an added embarrassment to the ruling BJP in the state where several of its leaders, including former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa, are battling cases of corruption in courts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13720337", "title": "Rahul's magic will work: Ashok Gehlot", "text": "HUBLI: Can Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi turn it around in the state after he miserably failed to create the magic in UP politics?While some of his own party leaders are apprehensive, Rajasthan chief minister Ashok Gehlot is quite confident that he will make a comeback. \"Rahul has the confidence and potential to take the youth Congress forward,\" Gehlot, who is in Hubli to participate at the national Youth Congress executive meeting told TOI.Rahul is on a two-day visit to the state and will hold interactions with Youth Congress leaders on Saturday.Ghelot said Rahul's magic has not failed in Uttar Pradesh but helped the Congress broaden its increase its voters' base. The campaigning of Rahul in UP in the recent assembly polls will help the party in the long term, he added.Pep talk to state leadersOn infighting in the Karnataka unit of the Congress, he said the party leaders should take a cue from AICC president Sonia Gandhi and Congress general secretary Rahul Gandi and develop sacrificing attitude. While Sonia Gandhi refused to become Prime Minister, Rahul Gandhi is touring the country to strengthen the party without accepting offer to become a minister in the UPA government.Taking a dig at Team Anna, he said Team Anna members should motivate youths in rural development instead of creating unrest in the country through false propaganda and malicious canards.\"Personally, I have respect for Anna Hazare as a social worker. Anna has developed his village and solved water scarcity and other problems faced by people at his village Ralegaon Siddi. He made it as model village. But now, he should be looking at motivating youths to develop all villages on Ralegaon Siddi model'' Ghelot said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13715948", "title": "No necklace for Sukhna lake", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Expanding Sukhna Lake's banks to give it a necklace shape or shrinking it by piling up silt taken from its middle along the pathway lining it - both diametrically opposite proposals of the Sukhna Lake Committee to revive the artificial lake have been rejected, leaving little or no chances of the water body's revival in near future.Growing silt and decreasing water levels in the lake have become a concern and its condition could turn alarming with summer at its peak.It has been decided by UT that to revive the lake, 2.5 feet of silt needs to be removed. But according to experts, dumping the removed silt would be a bigger concern.Seeing the depleting condition of the lake, the Punjab and Haryana high court constituted a committee for the conservation and beautification project of Sukhna Lake and surrounding areas, including catchment.A member of the committee and senior advocate Rajiv Atma Ram said, \"Both my proposals were turned down. Dumping silt requires more time, energy and expenditure, so I suggested that whatever silt is removed from the lake should be used there itself to give it the shape of a necklace. The proposal was turned down arguing that it will obstruct the view of the hills.\"He added, \"My other proposal was to widen the present pathway. By implementing this Sukhna may shrink but will get to retain its original beauty, the committee opined. This was also turned down by stating that the lake area cannot be reduced.\" Rajiv stated that over the years, the situation had gone from bad to worse, but neither the administration nor the committee has come up with a concrete solution.\"The catchments area of Sukhna Lake was once a thick forest replete with flora and fauna about 40 years ago. The silt started swallowing the artificial 3km rain-fed lake (1.52km long and 1.49km wide). In 1958, its water spread was 230 hectares and average depth about 4.69 metres, but due to heavy siltation, the depth reduced to 2 metres in 2004.Water FlowThe average flow of water into the lake from 1958 to 1978 was 7,370 acre feet while in 1999 it was 1,870 acre feet. In 2006, it was only 736 acre feet. It has further reduced in the past two years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13719662", "title": "'Obsessed lover' stones married woman to death", "text": "BHOPAL: A 22-year-old nursing student on maternity leave to her parents house was allegedly stoned to death by a youth, who secretly desired to marry her, at village Sendra in Betul district of Madhya Pradesh.The incident occurred on Thursday afternoon when the woman was returning after a clinical training programme. Saroj Pawar was pursuing a regular nursing course in Gwalior and was attached to the district hospital there. But for the delivery of her first baby, she came to her father Rathu Pawar's residence, 600 kms away from her in-law's home in Gwalior district and attending the clinical training centre in the village.Saroj was stopped by one Indrajeet Pawar, who lived close to her father's house, and passersbys noticed an altercation. Before anyone could react, Indrajeet picked-up a large sized stone and flung it at Saroj. Then he continued to pick up stones and bricks at random and threw it at the nursing student. Saroj collapsed bleeding profusely from her forehead. She was rushed to the hospital by Rathu and other villagers where she was declared brought dead''.Speaking to TOI, the officer-in-charge of Multai police station MM Choudhary said: The youth is one year younger than the woman. In his statement, he confessed that he killed Saroj because she refused to marry him. It was an obsessed one-sided love affair.''Police said that Indrajeet had approached her over and over again with the marriage proposal. But every time, Saroj snubbed him and threatened to tell his parents. Three years ago, Saroj got married to a farmer from Gwalior district and lived with her in-laws there. But whenever she visited her parents, Indrajeet would start harassing her.Police registered a case of murder under section 302 IPC against Indrajeet and produced him in court on Friday. He has been remanded to police custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "13712329", "title": "Badlapur boys' death: Car owner arrested", "text": "KALYAN: Badlapur police on Friday arrested Ratan Lokhande, owner of the car in which two boys were found dead in Badlapur (E) on Wednesday afternoon. Lokhande was booked for causing death by negligence for not repairing the lock and leaving the car unattended. The police on Friday produced him in the Ulhasnagar court has been sent him to judicial custody till June 8.Doctors have sent the viscera of the boys for chemical analysis at the state forensic laboratory. The police said doctors from JJ hospital were likely to inspect the car. The brothers, Shiv Shankar (10) and Rama Shankar Jaiswal (8), had left their home to play on Tuesday evening. When they failed to return, the family lodged a missing complaint with the police. On Wednesday, kids playing in the ground noticed the boys in the car and alerted their neighbours. The police suspect the duo may have fiddled with the car's lock and entered inside.Vijay Bagal, senior police inspector from Badlapur (E) police station, said, \"Even though primary investigation showed that both brothers died of suffocation, we have found car owner guilty and arrested him. We are waiting for the chemical analysis report from the state forensic laboratory.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13712943", "title": "Ramdev gets nod to sit on stir in capital", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi Police on Friday finally gave Baba Ramdev the green signal to hold a day long protest in front of Parliament Street police station on June 3.Senior police officials said that a NOC has been issued to Ramdev. Five thousand people have been allowed to participate in the protest.Police sources said the yoga guru's plea to allow the dharna to be held at Jantar Mantar was denied on various grounds. A senior police officer said that they had no problem with them assembling near the Parliament street area.At least 20 companies of paramilitary force will be deployed in the area on Sunday and there will be additional forces in reserve. Around 250 personnel from the New Delhi district, CISF and CRPF personnel will be deployed.\"We have asked him not to have the number of persons exceed 5,000 of which tentatively 3,000 may come with him and another 2,000 can join him here and that the participants may not arrive in trucks and trolleys but may arrive in buses and private vehicles,\" said a senior police officer.Meanwhile, the police are about to file the chargesheet in the Ram Lila Maidan incident which took place in June last year. The police had begun investigations after the Supreme Court asked them to investigate the role of its officers in the brutal crackdown on Baba Ramdev's supporters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13717308", "title": "Police nab nine truck hijackers", "text": "GUWAHATI: With crime statistics soaring in the city, city police are struggling to match up with the modus operandi of modern day criminals. One of the latest among these new crime trends emerging here is truck hijacking.The crime branch of city police, in a relentless operation to curb this newly-emerging crime, succeeded in nabbing at least nine persons who were involved in hijacking of trucks and making away with the loaded material.Over the period of the last fortnight, three cases of truck hijacking have been recorded, spreading panic among city businessmen.Two such cases of hijacking occurred only last week. The first hijacking occurred when the city police recovered 500 stolen cases of liquor from Goreswar. The cases, loaded in a truck, were sent by a courier to a bonded warehouse in Sivasagar from Guwahati on May 11.\"A group of four made the plan and waylaid the truck from the highway and sold the liquor to a recipient in Goreswar. Later, they abandoned the truck at Baihata Chariali. We have arrested the driver, Bijoy Rajbonshi, and two others, including the recipient, Kailash Boro, in the case,\" said a senior police official.The second incident occurred on Friday when a truck carrying around 50 tonne of iron rods was hijacked on its way to Morigaon from here. Later, police recovered the rods from a construction site in Hengerabari here. The truck was then abandoned at Baihata Chariali.In a similar incident, a truck loaded with cement was waylaid on the way to Bongaigaon a few days ago. The truck was later recovered from Chaygaon.\"We have arrested all the six criminals involved in the crime and recovered the stolen rods. However, in the cement case, we could not recover the stolen goods as they sold it to various recipients. But we caught three criminals in the case. This is a new trend and we have stepped up our vigilance on the highways to check such hijackings,\" said a crime branch policeman.Police suspect that these criminals belong to the outskirts of the city and neighbouring districts like Rangiya, Goreswar and Chaygaon. \"There might be some employees of real estate companies involved in the cases as well,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13735762", "title": "Rain helped Ryan Gosling kiss better: Channing Tatum", "text": "Channing Tatum, who is up for the Best Kiss accolade for 'The Vow' at the MTV Movie Awards on Sunday, thinks the rain scene helped Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams' kiss in 'The Notebook'.The 32-year-old actor isn't confident that his smooch in the film is of the same calibre that his 31-year-old rival brought to the romantic scenes.Ryan and Rachel, 33, won in the same category in 2005 and recreated their lip lock on stage while accepting the award.\"Aww, that's not fair. They have rain. That's completely not fair. Everything's cooler in the rain,\" Contactmusic quoted him as telling MTV.Gosling is up for the prize again at this year's event for his embrace with Emma Stone in 'Crazy, Stupid, Love'.However Channing thinks neither men will walk home with the trophy.Speaking about on and off screen couple Kristen Stewart and Robert Pattinson who play Bella Swan and Edward Cullen in 'The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn - Part 2' he predicted they would win for the fourth time.\"It doesn't matter. The 'Twilight' kids always sweep it. They sweep it every time,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13712572", "title": "Insider hand in rigging of culture ministry grants?", "text": "NEW DELHI: How did groups and individuals whose applications were rejected by the experts of the ministry of culture qualify for government grants? In a case of large-scale fraud, Delhi Police is investigating at least seven instances of document tampering and manipulation pointing towards insider involvement.Documents available with TOI reveal that the fraud was committed in the ministry's performing arts division that provides financial grants to bright individual artistes and groups recommended by an expert jury. In at least seven instances, the evaluation sheets containing the jury's recommendations for 'production grants' under the Scheme of Financial Assistance to Professional Groups and Individuals were found replaced.Sources say the expert panel reported the fraud to the ministry during a meeting on August 17 last year. The judges had found out that at least six cultural groups rejected by them on April 19 and 20 last year had made it to the list of recommended cases. Also, a man identified as Praveen Singh Deo, who had been approved a grant of Rs 50,000, was shown entitled to Rs 2 lakh.In the documents, the beneficiaries of the fraud are identified as Satya Brata Kala Kendra, MIRROR, Jasobanti Bagh, Chanabeda Sanskrutik Anushan, Pushpanjali Singh Deo and Nauree - all based in Nuapada, Orissa.In his letter to the police, BP Bhuker, under secretary in the ministry, mentioned: \"The files were shown to the experts, who... confirmed the evaluation sheets in all these seven cases have been changed as none of these carry the signatures of the experts who had given. \"Not Recommended\" remarks on the original evaluation sheets in six cases and had recommended Rs 50,000 in the last case (sic).\"The ministry subsequently decided to stop payment in all seven cases and removed the entire staff of the performing arts division barring the under secretary and the section officers. It also decided to investigate the case for insider involvement.When an internal inquiry by deputy secretary Chandra Prakash failed to identify the culprits, police were provided with copies of the assessment sheets and handwriting samples of the division staff. In their report, police have concluded that a case of fraud is made out. Accordingly, a case has been registered under Sections 420 (cheating), 468 (forgery) and 471 (using forged documents) of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13719440", "title": "Overflowing drains irk residents of new wards", "text": "MADURAI: After running from pillar to post to find a solution to the problem of over flowing drains, residents of Gomathypuram have now sought help from state health minister Dr VS Vijay. They submitted a petition to the minister in this regard during his visit to the city on Friday.In the petition, the Gomathypuram Residents Welfare Association said that the overflowing drains posed a threat to them, acting as a breeding ground for the spread of diseases. Besides, walking on the road was difficult as it was often covered with sewage. Roja veedhi on Sixth Main road, has manholes on its concrete paving that are overflowing. Residents on Raja street and the First Cross street on Sixth Main road had to walk out of their doors on to stepping stones placed on the sewage that had flooded their front area. The third road in Gomathypuram and most of Melamadai, which also comes under the same 30th ward of the Madurai Corporation, was also facing the same problem.When contacted, A Jayakumar, the councillor of the ward said that he was trying to do his best for the people. \"People come to me early in the morning and complain about the overflowing drains, but setting up a pumping station is the only solution to this problem,\" he said. Jayakumar said he also feared that the drains that have started flowing back into the drains of homes, would soon start clogging from the solid waste that was mixed with the sewage and pose more serious problems.Although sweepers have been allotted to this ward, with manual scavenging being banned, the best they can do is run a wire into the drains to temporarily remove the blocks. The places that have come under the Madurai Corporation recently have also not been subjected to fogging to keep away mosquitoes. According to residents, the stagnant drainage has become an ideal breeding spot for the insects. Rani, a resident, says that her brother did not want to send his children for the holidays to her house because of the poor sanitary conditions. \"This is in spite of this place being called one of the elite areas of Madurai,\" she said. The residents say that the corporation should seriously consider the revised taxes for their wards which lacks all forms of basic infrastructure after making suitable changes to the living conditions, here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "kolkata/kulti", "code": "13713340", "title": "Kin spar over Norway kids", "text": "KOLKATA/KULTI: The mother of the two children who were put under the care of their uncle by a Norwegian court lodged a general diary against her in-laws in Kulti on Friday. The uncle lodged a counter-complaint against her an hour later.While Sagarika Chakraborty alleged in her complaint that they had beaten her up and thrown her out of the house and were not taking proper care of her children, Arunabhas Bhattacharya, the uncle, complained that Sagarika had barged into their house with unknown persons and tried to snatch away the kids, Abhigyan and Aishwarya.Sanjib Dey, the inspector in charge of Kulti police station, confirmed that both parties have lodged complaints with them. \"I sent a force to probe the incident,\" he said. However, he also admitted that Kulti police had no authority in this matter.\"I visited their house and found the kids quite well and happy. There has been an agreement between the Norwegian and the Indian governments regarding the guardianship of the children. The mother has to move the district sessions court if she wants to claim custody of the children,\" he added.Sagarika, who had gone to visit her children on Friday, claimed that she saw the children eating apples off the floor, against which she protested. She alleged that her father-in-law Ajay Bhattacharya and brother-in-law Arunabhas assaulted her for that. \"They did not even let me touch my children. Arunabhas grabbed me by the hair and pushed me and my aunt out of the house. I went straight to the police station,\" she said.However, Arunabhas in his complaint to the police said Sagarika had entered the house without informing them and was trying to take away the children forcibly. He said he was feeling threatened by regular attempts by Sagarika to snatch the children. \"It is creating problems in our life and I had even complained to the child welfare committee (CWC) in Burdwan,\" he said.Kripa Sindhu Chatterjee, the chairperson of CWC in Burdwan, said they have asked Sagarika to appear before the committee on Saturday. They will also send a team to Kulti to find out if the children are in good health, said Chatterjee.Dey said he had asked the family to allow Sagarika to visit her children on humanitarian grounds. \"But this is the second time in the last few days that a complaint and counter complaint have been lodged with us,\" he added. Last week, both the grandfathers of the children had lodged police complaints against each other, after Sagarika had gone visiting the two children.In May 2011, a Norwegian childcare agency had put the children under foster care after it found lack of parental care at home. After a bitter custody battle and intervention by Indian foreign minister S M Krishna, a Norwegian court granted Arunabhas the custody of the children in April 2012. The children returned to India on April 24 and have been living in Kulti with their uncle ever since.Arunabhas said he has informed the external affairs ministry about Sagarika's visits and her attempts at implicating them in police cases and forcibly taking away the children. \"The MEA officials have specified that the children will be under my custody. The CWC Burdwan will keep tabs on the welfare of the children,\" claimed Arunabhas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13718345", "title": "Drive against black films: Residents caught between heat &amp; law", "text": "LUDHIANA: The city is divided on the Supreme Court ruling against black films on vehicles. While some appreciate action taken against defaulters, many are of the view that with the rise in temperature, there is a need of black films on their cars.May witnessed sudden rise in the number of challans for black films with as many as 775 persons fined by traffic police. The department is cracking its whip against the violators but some of the residents are against it. Vaneet Kumar of Maya Nagar said the authorities should permit some percentage of black films on cars as temperature is rising and without black film the heat in the car becomes unbearable.Sumit Kumar of Haibowal said some level of filming should be allowed as without it vehicle feels like an oven. He said the decision of court is for safety, but in such weather it is not practical. ACP (Traffic) Naveen Singla said over 2,000 violators have been challaned in the drive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13712078", "title": "Title defence costs Viswanathan Anand rating points", "text": "CHENNAI: After the successful defence of his World chess championship title in Moscow, Viswanathan Anand will be back in the city on Saturday. Anand will fly in from Dubai at 8.30 pm and will be felicitated by the Tamil Nadu Chess Association at the Anna international airport.The defence of the title has cost Anand 11 rating points and he has dropped to the No. 6 position now. As the Moscow match ended in a tie (rapid games not counted for Fide ratings), Anand had a rating of 2727, which was Gelfand's rating, and the Israeli had a performance rating of 2791, which was Anand's rating. Anand's loss of points became Gelfand's gain for the period.In the live rating list, Anand has slipped to 2780 and dropped two places while Gelfand has gained 11 points to move up three places to No. 17.Jaya announces award: Meanwhile, Tamil Nadu government announced Rs 2 crore reward for Anand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13720377", "title": "Power outages to be cut by 1 hr from today", "text": "CHENNAI: You know that things are looking up in a crisis once the operative word in a question on whether a solution is in sight is 'when' and not 'if '. With an increase in power generation, the state has decided to reduce power cuts and hopes to soon do away with outages completely.The state government on Friday announced that the daily power cuts in the state would be reduced by an hour from June 2. The power cut in Chennai will be halved to one hour a day and the districts will have threehour power cuts from the current four-hour outages.The decision to reduce the scheduled power cuts was taken at a high-level meeting chaired by chief minister J Jayalalithaa. The chief minister said a combination of factors allowed the government to give consumers some respite after a summer of blackouts.All four units of the 840MW Mettur Thermal Plant Station (MTPS), crippled by a fire on May 10, are back online. The power station accounts for around 10% of Tamil Nadu's total power generation. Wind energy generation has also picked by over the past few weeks, providing the powerstarved state with additional electricity. Power demand in Tamil Nadu is currently 12,000 MW per day. The state generates 8,000 MW a day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13713175", "title": "Public Works Department, Municipal Corporation of Delhi served contempt notice", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has issued contempt notice to Public Works Department (PWD) and Municipal Corporation of Delhi (MCD) officials for their alleged inability to repair a stretch of road despite the court's directions. Resident Bhagwan Singh Rathore filed an application alleging failure on the part of the authorities to repair the stretch between Budha Jayanti Park and ISBT.\"Let a show-cause notice of contempt be issued to PWD executive engineer R K Singh, MCD engineer S Dodrai and EE, PWD, DVS Kansal,\" said senior civil Judge Ajay Goel. Rathore's counsel told the judge that despite the officials' undertaking before the court to repair and resurface the entire stretch, it is in a pathetic condition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13731889", "title": "Obama campaign attacks Romney over outsourcing jobs to India", "text": "WASHINGTON: With the US presidential campaign heating up, President Barack Obama's re-election team targeted his Republican rival Mitt Romney , alleging that he outsourced jobs to India when he was governor of Massachusetts.The Democratic party yesterday utilised the services of Patricia A Haddad, member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives, on this issue.\"As a candidate for governor, and he promised to reduce debt, streamline government. And what did he do? We had the highest debt of any people per capita in the country! So that's what he left for our children, the highest debt they will ever see in their lives,\" Patricia A Haddad said.\"Romney vetoed legislation that would have barred the outsourcing of Massachusetts state jobs. But rather, instead of hiring Massachusetts people, he put a call center in India. India is where your jobs went! India is where you had to call if you were unemployed!\" Haddad said.He said during Romney's tenure, jobs grew six times faster in the private sector and the commonwealth's debt grew by 16.4 per cent.\"Part of the reason why was that he started paying government employees on the credit card,\" he said.\"America can't afford their debt put on a personal credit card, otherwise you're going to suffer the consequences that we had to suffer when we had a debt -- structural deficit bigger than anyone else,\" he said.\"If you want Romney economics, you're going to get the same guy who never wanted to engage the legislature. He never wanted to look for new jobs. He was always only looking for his next job,\" he said.\"Romney economics didn't work then and it's not going to work now,\" he added.Speaking on the occasion, Tim Murray , Lieutenant Governor of Massachusetts, Massachusetts made similar allegations.\"He cut workforce training and a key programme to assist manufacturing businesses. He privatised state functions and sat by as a state call center was outsourced to India. He borrowed to pay operating expenses and left the tab for the next governor,\" Murray said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13733110", "title": "Cloud Physics Lab in Maharashtra to gather data on monsoon season", "text": "PUNE: The famous hill station of Mahabaleshwar in the Western Ghats range near here, now has a unique landmark for weather scientists in the form of a High Altitude Cloud Physics Laboratory, the first of its kind in the country, which will gather data from ensuing monsoon season on \"growth and decay\" of clouds under different environmental conditions.Perched atop the 4710 ft (1438 meter) above sea level hill station, the Rs 35 crore laboratory of the Ministry of Earth Sciences (MOES) will house the state of art instruments for the observations including a \"sky imager\" with an additional installation of an X-band radar at nearby Mandhar Devi hill for a continuous monitoring of clouds.\"The cloud bases bases in the monsoon season are between 1000--1500 m above sea level. Mahabaleshwar where clouds are at the surface, thus provides a unique opportunity for observations with an additional advantage that the monsoon clouds formed over the Arabian sea arrive first over this hill station,\" said Dr G Pandithurai, project-in-charge scientist of the city-based Indian Institute of Tropical Meteorology (IITM) which will manage the lab.Explaining salient features of the lab formally opened last week, he said, \"Mahabaleshwar also provides an opportunity to study how winds interacting with mountains produce such heterogeneity in rainfall and long term monitoring of weather parameters at the hill station holds importance in the climate change and environmental studies.\"The laboratory, one of the very few in the world, is being described by IITM scientists as a \"milestone in the history of atmospheric sciences in India\" and a point of prestige also for Maharashtra.The cloud micro physics observations taken at the high altitude laboratory at Mahabaleshwar would supplement the data collected in the national experiment \"CAIPEEX\" (relating to cloud observations made by aircraft) and help understand the complex interaction between aerosols, clouds and circulation.\"Instrumented aircraft are useful to get vertical profiles of cloud micro physical properties. However, number of observations sampled by an aircraft generally remains limited. Therefore, a strategy is required to increase the sample size of observations and to supplement the aircraft observations\", the IITM scientist said, adding that continuous measurement of cloud properties at a location for a \"reasonably\" long period can provide information on growth and decay of clouds under a large number of different conditions.The Maharashtra government has allotted the required land for the project sanctioned by the Ministry of Earth Sciences in February 2010. At present the laboratory is functioning in the existing India Meteorology Department (IMD) building in Mahabaleshwar and would soon shift to new premises after completion of the structure on the allotted land. About ten scientists from IITM along with a large number of research students will work in the lab continuously during the monsoon season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13712599", "title": "Cop who probed Pune RTI activist's murder grilled", "text": "MUMBAI: The CBI on Friday questioned then superintendent of police in Pune (rural) Pratap Dighavkar who had supervised the investigation of the murder of RTI activist Satish Shetty in 2010.At present, Dighavkar is the deputy commissioner of police (Zone IX) and in charge of areas from Bandra to Oshiwara. On January 13, 2010, while he was still an SP in Pune, Shetty was killed by unidentified assailants who attacked him with swords when he was out for a morning walk near his residence at Talegaon. The murder took place after Shetty had filed queries under the RTI Act to unearthing land scams in Pune district.When asked why Dighavkar was being questioned, Pune SP (CBI) Vidya Kulkarni told TOI, \"CBI is investigating the Shetty murder case. Dighavkar was earlier supervising the probe. We cannot share the details of his statement.\" Dighavkar did not respond to repeated calls and text messages on his mobile by TOI.The interrogations started soon after Dighavkar reached the CBI's Akurdi office around 9.30am on Friday and lasted till late in the evening. A CBI source said Dighavkar was asked to explain why Shetty was not provided with security cover in spite of him seeking protection, apprehending threats to his life.In 2009, the Pune rural police received 697 requests for protection, including that of Shetty who had sought cover on November 24, 2009. Not a single plea was granted.\"Dighavkar was questioned on what evidence permission was granted to file chargesheet against the five arrested suspects, including criminal lawyer Vijay Dabhade,\" said the source. The Pune rural police had then filed chargesheet against accused Dabhade, Pramod Waghmare, Navnath Shelar, Dongrya alias Hanumant Rathod and Shyam Dabhade. The sixth suspect, Parshuram Telgu, was acquitted of the case owing to lack of evidence. \"We wanted to know if Dighavkar was aware of a local cop who allegedly favoured one of the accused,\" said the source.Taking suo motu cognizance of the murder, the Bombay high court had asked the CBI to probe the case. The CBI has announced a reward of Rs 5 lakh to a person with credible information on the accused involved in the conspiracy and murder of Shetty. Earlier this month, the investigating agency got the court's permission to conduct lie-detection test on 10 people, including seven policemen and the director of a private construction company.Pratap Dighavkar, who was an SP in Pune in '10, was asked why RTI activist Satish Shetty was not provided with security cover in spite of him seeking protection. He was also asked if he was aware of a cop who allegedly favoured one of the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13727065", "title": "The Right Guidance", "text": "KOLKATA: The Department of Electronics &amp; Communication Engineering of Heritage Institute of Technology held the inaugural ceremony of an eight day, on-campus developmental workshop commencing from May 22. Concluding on May 31, the workshop on 'Electron Devices &amp; Communication Systems' was organised exclusively to mentor students from Industrial Training Institute, Kolkata.A seven year-old endeavour, conceived by the director of the institute, Professor B B Paira, aimed to provide extensive tutelage, premier laboratory facilities and vast exposure to young IT aspirants in the burgeoning fields of Electronics and Optic Communications. For eager achievers like Lakshminath Murmu, the workshop was a \"huge opportunity like never before.\"The 'guardian figure' of this enterprise, executive director Probir Roy insisted on taking this workshop as an opportunity to hone the skills of the students even further, by inculcating in them spoken English skills and a confidence that will make them market-ready. The department acknowledged societal responsibility in imparting such valuable training and considered this effort a mutual transfer of knowledge.This year's workshop saw more rigorous training sessions unlike its predecessors as each of the 18 students were intensively guided by a team of 19 faculty members, using a one-on-one learning process. Professor Paira advised the students to strive to utilise this opportunity and envisioned this enterprise as \"a vertical movement in education.\" Hoping that this kind of an attempt would also inspire the other departments of the institute to initiate action, he assured the students that they could always return to the department for further assistance, even after the completion of the workshop.The department's most satisfactory yield for this project is perhaps the fact that not only does the annual workshop impart beneficial training to the aspirants but it also assists in ensuring the recruitment of the trained students. Professor Shiladitya Sen, head of the department said, \"Only last year, students disciplined in the workshop were placed by H K Chaudhuri, chairman of Kalyan Bharti Trust with the company Vikram Solar at our request.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13714152", "title": "50 more women now officers in Indian Air Force", "text": "BANGALORE: As many as 50 women , who passed out with flying colours, can look forward to a glittering IAF career in engineering.An impressive passing-out parade of Aeronautical Engineers and Short Service Commission Course Officers was held at Air Force Technical College (AFTC), Jalahalli, on Friday in which 138 officers, including 50 women, passed out after one year of training.IAF officials told TOI: \"Women officers have been inducted earlier. Those who got in now will be performing various engineering jobs in electronics, electrical and mechanical. They will be responsible for maintenance of systems and sub-systems in these streams.''The parade marked the culmination of 74 weeks of training (22 weeks at Air Force Academy, Hyderabad, and 52 at Air Force Technical College, Jalahalli) in aeronautical engineering, military leadership, managerial skills and ethos of an air warrior.Air Marshal S Varthaman, Air Officer Commanding-In-Chief, Eastern Air Command, reviewed the parade. He awarded trophies and medallions to officers who excelled in the course.The prestigious 'President's Plaque' for Best All Round Officer and Chief of Air Staff Medal for the best in electronics stream was given to Flying Officer Harender Kumar; 'Vice President's Sword' for Best Air Warrior to Flying Officer Vijender Singh; Chief of Air Staff Medal in mechanical stream to Flying Officer Pratik Dutta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13737152", "title": "After Advani, BJP's Gopinah Munde unhappy with party", "text": "PUNE: Following senior leader L K Advani's veiled attack on party leadership, BJP chief Nitin Gadkari's detractor Gopinath Munde has expressed his 'political suffocation' in the party and hinted at playing OBC card to strengthen his political fortunes.\" .. If all OBC leaders join hands we will not have to beg before anyone.. there are many things I want to talk about openly, but cannot because of political obligations. Even senior OBC leader like Chhagan Bhujbal have similar issues. But I know that he and other OBC leaders will stand by me when I need them..\" said Munde speaking at a rally to celebrate Ahilyabai Holkar's birth anniversary at Jamkhed in Ahmednagar district of Maharashtra.Munde added that there were ups and downs in political life and one has to face suffocation.The rally organized by Rashtriya Samaj Party was attended by all major OBC leaders in the state and also activists from Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka. Munde who has been unhappy with Gadkari and the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) appealed to all OBC leaders to join hands to fight to protect OBC reservation.Chhagan Bhujbal, who is a senior Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) leader and minister in the state cabinet supported Munde and said that OBC leaders across parties should be united to fight for justice for the OBC communities.Gopinath Munde's stature as a mass leader is unparalleled and he commands a certain respect in the party. However, a sense of insecurity appears to have seeped into him according to political pundits. Since Gadkari's elevation as national president, the OBC leader has been unhappy which led to speculation last year that he may quit the party.Munde's daughter MLA Pankaja Munde - Palve who accompanied her father appealed to the masses to strengthen his hands for 'future political moves'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13731514", "title": "Visa organises workshop for CBI on cyber crime,card fraud trends", "text": "NEW DELHI: To spread awareness on changing nature of cyber crime and card frauds in India, global payment company Visa has sensitised CBI officials about modus operandi of electronic payment frauds and measures to combat them.Visa said it has stepped up its electronic payments security awareness initiative with a Cards Fraud and Payments Risk Awareness Programme for Indian law enforcement agencies.\"This programme has been developed in response to growing government and public concerns around increased fraud exposures around electronic payment products, cyber security and cyber crime,\" it said in a statement.Yesterday, Visa conducted a workshop here where Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) officials of economic offence wing were given information on global trends in fraud risk management, cybercrime and measures available to detect and combat them.The company said that given the rapidly changing nature of cybercrime and card fraud in India, the objective of the awareness programme was to share the modus operadi of electronic payment frauds and the intricacies involved in them.\"This programme also focused on providing information on new technologies to track and combat online and offline frauds,\" the company said.Visa Group Country Manager (India and South Asia) Uttam Nayak said the company is committed to developing a safe and secure online experience. \"Through such programmes we play our part in keeping the country's payment system safe and ensure that law enforcement agencies have the latest skills at their disposal,\" he said.V K Gupta, Special Director of CBI said that as a law enforcement agency, it is critical to understand the evolving cybercrime landscape and the latest technology used to track and prevent criminal activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13712150", "title": "It's been a long run for these trains", "text": "MUMBAI: June 1 is a red-letter day for Central Railway (CR) as two of its premier trains made their inaugural run on this day.While the Punjab Mail completed 100 years of its run, the Deccan Queen, which completed 82 years, will get a makeover that promises to enhance the travelling experience of its passengers. The Punjab Mail takes 34 hours to cover 1,930 km between Mumbai and Ferozpur Cantonment. The origins of the Punjab Mail are rather unclear. Based on a cost estimate paper circa 1911 and a complaint by an irate passenger dated October 12, 1912, about \"late arrival of the train by a few minutes at Delhi\", it has been inferred that the mail train made its maiden run out of Ballard Pier Mole station on June 1, 1912. Originally known as the Punjab Limited, the train in the pre-Independence era used to run on fixed days from Bombay's Ballard Pier Mole station all the way to Peshawar , via the Great Indian Peninsular route, covering 2,496 km in about 47 hours. During those days, the Punjab Limited was the fastest train in British India. The Deccan Queen has been the darling of passengers who ply the Mumbai-Pune route. Subodh Jain, CR general manager, who flagged off the train on Friday, said, \"We have decided to upgrade passenger amenities.\" The Deccan Queen made its maiden journey on June 1, 1930.The weekend train between Mumbai and Pune, is known for its punctuality and on-board catering. The train has had an uninterrupted run, except for brief spells on three occasions.After the train's coaches derailed at Lonavala on July 13, 1992, the service came to halt for nine days. After the 2005 deluge damaged tracks, the service was grounded for three weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "bathinda", "code": "13716208", "title": "Cops to seek legal opinion on dog bite complaints", "text": "BATHINDA: Police here have decided to seek legal opinion whether to register a case or not in a case of dog bites.Suresh Chander, a resident of Model Town, had complained to Cantonment police station that on Wednesday morning, when he was taking his children to the school, he was bitten by the dog of his neighbour, an advocate. However, even after three days, cops have not filed an FIR, he said.Suresh Chander said that when he went to the owners of the dog and asked them to tie their dog in the house, they did not listen to him and also misbehaved. On this, he went to police station and gave a written complaint.\"When I went to police to file a complaint, they asked me to get a medico-legal report for registering a case. Accordingly, I went to civil hospital and got a medico-legal report prepared and submitted it to police on Thursday. But police have not taken any action yet against the advocate-couple, whose dog had bitten me.\"According to legal experts, in a case of dog bite, a case can be registered under section 110 of Punjab Municipal Act or section 289 of IPC.\"I have also filed an RTI with Bathinda municipal corporation seeking information about the number of pet dogs registered with them, how many of them are vaccinated, what is the status of vaccination of the dog of the advocate-couple, etc.,\" he added.SHO of Cantonment police station, Kuldeep Singh, said, \"We have got a written complaint from victim Suresh Chander. I have asked the ASI to hold an inquiry. It is a rare type case, so we have to take legal opinion in the case. After the report of ASI, next action will be taken. If the report goes against the owners of the dog, then we will register a case under section 289 of IPC.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13712252", "title": "Rampant use mocks ban on plastic bags", "text": "JAIPUR: In August 2010, the Rajasthan government put a ban on the use of plastic bags across the state. However, the summer sand storms brought the plastic bags flying in one's face mocking the ban.The ban made manufacturing, storage, import, sale and transport of plastic bags illegal. Any infringement of the notification was to attract prosecution under Section 15 of the Environment Protection Act, which prescribes imprisonment for five years or a fine up to Rs 1 lakh or both. Recurrence of the offence would lead to a penalty of Rs 5,000 a day. In glaring disregard of the ban, most people were suing plastic bags.Despite blatant use of plastic bags, the penalty hasn't been imposed on a single offender in the last two years since the ban is in place.The ban had been imposed in view of \"both short-term and long-term environmental hazards\" posed by the material used in such bags. The restriction was expected to check degradation of environment.Paper and cloth bags replaced the plastic ones but only for some time. Nothing much changed though the officials did conduct some raids. The officials were only able to seize the stock sans any punishment.\"It's not that the ban is totally ineffective. While the bags, I agree, are back at small vendors and, mom and pop stores, large establishments and brands have totally stopped their usage,\" a Rajasthan State Pollution Control Board official claimed.Substantiating that, a report by the Madras School of Economics, Centre of Excellence in Environmental Economics, sponsored by the Union ministry of environment and forests, affirms, \"Plastic is one of the major toxic pollutants of our time. Being a non-biodegradable substance, composed of toxic chemicals, plastic pollutes earth, air and water. India is reported to have a relatively high plastic recycling rate of 60% as compared to the world average of 20%. Like in the case of all other chemical substances, disposal of plastic is a myth.\"Once plastic is produced, the harm is done once and for all. Plastic defies any kind of attempt at disposal be it through recycling, burning, or land-filling. Recycling of a toxic waste merely puts the hazardous material back into the marketplace. When you recycle a hazard, you create a hazard,\" the institute said.Besides, the disposal of plastic bags is a big problem as they clog drains, pollute water bodies and interfere with recharging of underground water.So next time you go shopping, carry a jute bag along and restrain from contributing your share to a deadly pollution whose ill-effects are irreversible and far-reaching effects to the environment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13726570", "title": "Joining hands", "text": "KOLKATA: On April 30, 2012 Gargi Memorial Institute of Technology (GMIT) announced its tie-up with DFIC Management Consultants, Germany for a first of its kind collaboration programme at a press conference. The tie-up between DFIC Management Consultants Germany and GMIT is a sensational curtain raiser, opening a completely new horizon of collaboration approach amongst technical institutes across the globe for an exciting tomorrow.\"The objective of the tie-up is to help GMIT to establish relationship with European universities so that students can get international exposure after completing their studies. Students will be given a short-term exposure tour to enrich their knowledge and intercultural adaptability. The orientation programme will not only help the students to get oriented with the global standards of quality but also help them to become more confident and ready to face the corporate world. It is the first of its kind amongst private engineering colleges in eastern India. This will open new horizons in technical education and greatly benefit the students doing engineering in GMIT. For these students, 'Geography' is now 'History',\" said Bodhisattva Banerjee, director, GMIT.All GMIT students, after completing their graduation course will be given opportunity to be sent abroad to get exposure to world-class work culture and gather firsthand knowledge on recent advancements in technology for a stipulated period. These visits would also directly help the students of GMIT to network with professional agencies and institutions abroad. These students on returning to India are expected to start their professional career on a high-note and are expected to meaningfully contribute to the growth of the nation.Professor Peter P Mueller, an international consultant and renowned professor from Germany with more than 25 years of experience at partner level top positions in world will provide an edge to GMIT whenever the need arises. He will also render all possible help to GMIT to intimate the tie-ups with European universities through DFIC Management Consultants.\"We are very passionate about bridging the gap that exists today, as far as the employability goes, amongst Indian engineering students. We expect that through innovative programmes like these, we can help reduce the gap to a great extent,\" said Professor Mueller.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13715730", "title": "Chandigarh, Mohali, Panchkula powerless and thirsty", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After most parts of the Tricity remained plunged into darkness on Thursday night for up to five hours, power pangs continued to ail residents even on Friday as they had to spend the hot afternoon without coolers and ACs. Residents kept frantically calling up the electricity substations, but failed to get a clear picture.There was no supply in sectors 18, 19, 20, 23, 27, 35, 36, 37, 40, 41, 45, 48 and 49. Power supply was also snapped in phases V and VI of Mohali while Panchkula and Kharar too were rendered powerless for about six hours on Thursday night. Over 15 sectors of the UT went dark at 5pm on Thursday due to a transformer failure. In other areas, cables and transformers gave in under overload.On Saturday too, there will be a power cut in the Mansa Devi area from 9am to 12noon.\"My niece is preparing for competitive examinations. She has to study really hard, but irregular power cuts are making it difficult,\" said Rajinder Kaur, a homemaker.\"My husband tried to call up the electricity department many a times, but they did not attend the calls. When we went there, no satisfactory answer was given to us,\" said Suman Jha of Sector 19.Amandeep Singh of Sector 18 said, \"For the past one week there have been frequent power cuts in our locality. I am unable to enjoy my vacations.\"\"It does seem that I live in a developed city like Chandigarh. Rather, it feels I live in a rural area where power cuts are daily affairs,\" said Rahul of Sector 45.Sneha Rawat of Sector 18, \"We face main problem with kids as they can not tolerate summer heat for so long.\"Authorities need to do something immediately, feel the residents. \"They should understand that not everyone has a generator and frequent cuts are a nuisance,\" said Madan Lal, a resident of Sector 20. Bhagel Singh of Sector 21 said, \"Electricity department should do something to fix the problem.\"Narender of Sector 19 said, \"It is getting very difficult to stay at home without electricity in this weather.\"9 sectors facing water shortage: MCGaurav BhatiaCHANDIGARH: After conducting the survey to find reasons for water woes of city residents, municipal corporation has admitted that at least nine sectors are reeling under water shortage and low pressure. There is no immediate solution in sight as boosters need to be installed to increase pressure levels and UT administration is yet to transfer land to the civic body. The sectors identified by UT's public health department include 44-C, 21-C&D;, 34-C&D;, 31-D, 7-B, 18, 41-D, 42-B and 39-B. MC is regularly getting the complaints of low pressure, which forced it to carry out this field exercise earlier this month. MC has been unable to increase the pressure and it was decided to put up nine boosters in these sectors. MC had already written to the administration, seeking allotment of land, but to no avail. Not only this, Rs 4.5 crore will be spent on installation of boosters. With the lethargic attitude of the administration, it seems that thousands of people living in these sectors will continue to suffer. A resident of Sector 44, Kanwaljit Kaur said for the past many years they have been facing the problem of low water pressure but the administration doesn't seem serious about solving their issues otherwise it could have been sorted out long time ago. \"I live on the second floor and to get fresh water I have to get up early at 4 in the morning and don't know till how long will this go on,\" said Sumati Kanwar of Sector 18. Vikram Bhandari of Sector 39 said he has failed to understand why all problems are faced by the people residing in southern sectors and all comforts are given to the northern sector residents. Resident of Sector 34 Amarjeet Kaur said high-ups of the administration don't live in this sector otherwise the problem would have been sorted out much early. \"To get water is a kind of race against time and now it has become a daily routine of me and the other members of my family but they are suffering without any fault of their,\" rued Vineeta Garg. Superintending engineer of the public health department R C Diwan said nine sectors are facing the problem of water shortage. As soon as the land would be allotted to them by the administration, they will start installation of the boosters, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13719696", "title": "Karnataka Forum for Dignity is behind the attack, alleges Beary academy chairman", "text": "MANGALORE: Karnataka Beary Sahitya Academy chairman Rahim Uchil on Friday alleged that the Karnataka Forum for Dignity (KDF), a banned organization, was behind the attack on him. Two miscreants stabbed him brutally on March 15 when he was at the academy office in Attavar. \"Police are in constant touch with me and keep informing me about the progress of the investigation. All the eight accused are absconding and some have fled aboard. I have trust in police and all the accused will be arrested soon,\" Rahim told reporters here.According to Rahim his attackers appeared to be professionals. \"It was a well-planned attack and that is the reason they could escape immediately,\" he said.On the motive behind the attack, Rahim said that he had no clue. \"I received a call a few days before the attack and the person threatened me of dire consequences if I continued to work for BJP. He also warned me not to continue as the chairman of the academy. I did not take it seriously. In fact, city police commissioner had offered me protection, but I did not avail it,\" he added.\"All the accused should be punished. I will continue to work for the development of Beary language as the chairman of the academy sincerely,\" he added. Rahim assumed charge as the academy chairman on February 6.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13711262", "title": "Groom wanted for granny of 10-year-old!", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Sushma Panchal, 62, is looking for a husband who will take care of her in the sunset of her life. The man should also agree to be like a father to her 10-year-old grandson! In fact, the grandson is the reason why Panchal is looking to get married in the first place!Panchal recently submitted her bio-data to Vina Mulya Amulya Sewa (VMAS) looking for a partner who should be financially well off and caring enough to take in her grandson. Director of VMAS, Natubhai Patel, said that this is the first such application received by the bureau where the woman wants to get married to ensure better schooling and future for her grandson.\"This is the first such case and we have taken it up as a challenge. There are applications of only 400 women as compared to 4,000 men who want to get married in the sunset of their lives. We should be able to find a groom for Panchal,\" Natubhai said.Panchal's tale behind the marriage application is tragic. At just 23, she was divorced when she was pregnant with her daughter. The husband took away her elder son while Panchal dedicated her life to bringing up the daughter who was born after the divorce.\"My husband did not take the second child since it was a daughter. He wanted a son,\" says Panchal. She single-handedly raised her daughter and married her off. However, she took a divorce and came back with a seven-year-old boy.Later, she fell in love with a man and took the boy with her. \"However, the man refused to accept the boy and once threw him out after beating him black and blue. While his mother tolerated this for reasons known to her, I brought the child with me. I could not accept this abuse,\" says Panchal.Panchal enrolled his grandson in school and now fends for both of them by cooking at a couple's house. However, they just manage to scrape through. This is when she was sent to Natubhai by her employer who thought it would be better if she finds somebody to hold her hand and help her sail through the difficult life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13719451", "title": "Economic offenses wing files chargesheet against ex-Khandwa registrar", "text": "INDORE: The economic offenses wing (EOW) filed a chargesheet against K S Rawat, who is currently posted as senior district registrar at Morena, in the court of Justice A Srivastava, special court of anti corruption, at Khandwa on Friday. Rawat has been charged with causing loss to the state by undervaluing a 7.4 hectare plot.The EOW chargesheet alleged that Rawat, who was the then district registrar and was posted at Khandwa, had reduced drastically the revenue stamp fee on a plot of land, measuring 7.4 hectare on fictitious ground. The state lost about Rs 32 lakh as a result of this.When the matter was brought up before him by his sub-registrar, who had evaluated the stamp fee for the property he allegedly overruled it. The case dates back to the year 2007.Giving further details about the case, Manoj Singh, SP, EOW, told ToI that when the matter was again brought up before of the inspector general, registration, Bhopal for appeal, he investigated the matter and found the evaluation done by Rawat as wrong.Henceforth, a case was filed by EOW in this connection against Rawat in 2010. Then we wrote to the state government if we were permitted to start prosecution against the official and we got the approval for the same some three-four months back, added Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13714388", "title": "Bangalore going to the dogs", "text": "BANGALORE: We knew it was bad, but not this bad. There is a stray dog for every 37 persons in Bangalore city, according to a study by NGO Janaagraha Centre for Citizenship and Democracy.\"This is a scary situation,\" says Srikanth Viswanathan, manager, Public Record of Operations and Finance (PROOF), Janaagraha, who has collated statistics on Bangalore's dog population.Diana Barucha, who heads the NGO Stray Dog Free Bangalore, said the dog:human ratio of the city is actually 1:25. She has arrived at this figure based on her observation that a pack of 5-6 dogs inhabit every street with not less than 20 houses.A female dog's lifespan lasts 4-16 years and it litters at least nine puppies every six months after it turns two. Theoretically, and in an extreme situation, 60,000 dogs can be born in her lifetime, Barucha explained.A census conducted by the department of animal husbandry and BBMP in 2007 found there were 3,27,218 dogs in Bangalore. Of these, 1,83,758 were strays and 1,43,522 pets.But strays are the sore point with residents. Like Kanakanagar resident Abdul Sheikh who had a tough time on a Sunday when a pack of six stray dogs chased his 6-year-old daughter. \"The girl was surrounded by six dogs and I had to summon all my courage to chase them away and save her. Sadly, the BBMP had not done anything though it was informed about the dog menace,\" Sheikh said.Dr Parvez Ahmed Piran, joint director (animal husbandry), BBMP, said that the lack of a scientific garbage management system in Bangalore was leading to the stray dog menace in residential areas. \"We are going against nature. It is just impossible to drastically reduce the number of stray dogs without culling them. Culling even ferocious stray dogs is not allowed as per the rule book. They have to die a natural death,\" he said.\"Just because of some animal activists, we're unable to curtail the stray dog menace. The fear of a stray dog bite is genuine and the government has not taken any action to curtail the menace,\" Barucha rued. Every animal should have a rightful owner, said Barucha, who calls herself a \"human activist\".All stray dogs that cannot be homed or kept in dog pounds or looked after by animal welfare NGOs should be painlessly euthanized as is the practice in the developed world, she argued.What is wrong with BBMP's waysAccording to BBMP, over 7,000 animal birth control (ABC) surgeries are performed every month in the city. In 2011-12, 1 lakh dogs were treated in this programme, while 1.65 lakh were administered anti-rabies vaccination.But animal welfare activists fault BBMP's methods of stackling stray dogs. Guha Bharadwaj, head of the Bangalore chapter of the NGO Animals Matter to Me, said: \"The ABC programme must be implemented scientifically. A month ago, I helplessly saw a month-old puppy undergo sterilization which is ridiculous. Ideally, ABC must cover female dogs which have littered once, otherwise, it leads to pseudo-pregnancy. Human beings are nobody to decide the population and growth of animals.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13713027", "title": "Man poses as revenue official held for cheating senior citizens", "text": "COIMBATORE: The city police on Friday arrested a 40-year-old man, who posed as revenue inspector (RI) and allegedly collected Rs 3,000 each from several senior citizens. He collected money promising that he would arrange old age pensions for them.District collector M Karunagaran had received complaints from some senior citizens that a person who posed as RI and demanded Rs 3,000 from each of them for signing old age pension applications. Immediately, the collector ordered tahasildar (social security scheme) K K Malathi to conduct an enquiry and take action against the person.On Friday morning, Malathi went to RI office at Karuppa Gounder street in the city and found that a man demanding money from senior citizen. The officials immediately caught the person and handed over him to Big Bazaar Street police station.The person was identified as T Bagavathi of Ammankulam. He completed class X and making a living by helping senior citizens to fill their applications. He introduced himself as RI to the senior citizens and collected money from them.Big Bazaar street police have registered a case under section 170 (personating a public servant) IPC. He was arrested and has been lodged in Coimbatore Central Prison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13711428", "title": "Hyderabad laboratory gets Tiwari\u2019s blood samples", "text": "HYDERABAD: Calling June 1 as the most important day in his life, Rohit Shekhar, who asserts that he is the biological son of veteran politician ND Tiwari, personally accompanied Delhi high court joint registrar who deposited FTA cards (blood samples) in Centre for DNA Fingerprinting and Diagnostics (CDFD). Rohit was accompanied by his mother Ujjwala and the blood samples were deposited to prove the claim of a biological relationship.Rohit said that he and his mother Dr Ujjwala had to personally come down to the city because of the apprehension that Tiwari could use his clout to influence the DNA test.\"Tiwari is very powerful. He might try to influence the results. We have requested the CDFD to take all the precautions,\" Rohit told TOI.Joint registrar of Delhi high court R Gopalan deposited the blood samples of Rohit, ND Tiwari and Ujjwala at the CDFD on the directions of the high court and Supreme Court in connection with this paternity suit. The CDFD after conducting the tests will submit their report to the Delhi HC. ``The court in its direction asked the CDFD to submit its report at the earliest. We do not know how long they will take,\" Rohit said.Tiwari gave in only after the Supreme Court directed officials to procure his blood sample forcibly, if required. Tiwari finally gave his blood samples after disregarding four orders from the Delhi high court and three from the apex court.Ujjwala said that she will pardon Tiwari on humanitarian grounds but not as a citizen. \"Because of an issue between two adults, their biological children should not suffer. My son suffered a severe heart attack at the age of 28 and he had undergone several other health problems after undergoing through this trauma,\" Ujjwala said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13713583", "title": "Fire in Melbourne wrecks hearts in Kochi", "text": "KOCHI: It's been over two years since they saw their daughter and two grandsons. And fate brought tragedy to C K Mathew and his family of Chellapilliyil House, Thevara, who received a call from Melbourne on Friday morning, informing them that Mathew's daughter Anitha and her two sons were charred to death beyond recognition in a fire that broke out in their house.\"We will not be able to bring the bodies from Australia. As of now, it has been decided to conduct the funeral at Melbourne itself,\" said Mathew and added that the Australian High Commission had done all necessary arrangements for issuance of visas to them to go to Australia.\"Australian police mentioned a note which they collected from a car parked near the scene. There is no clarity in what they are saying. As of now, short circuit is said to be the reason for the fire which broke out in the house. We will be able to get a clear picture only after the family members reach there,\" said Anil Mathew, Anitha's younger brother.Anitha had done her schooling and graduation in Kochi before moving to Erode for her postgraduation in computer applications.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13711524", "title": "HC orders CID probe in custodial torture case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Friday directed CID (crime) to investigate into the circumstances that led the victim of alleged custodial torture Vishal Singala to withdraw his petition, demanding action against Jamnagar superintendent of police (SP) Subhash Trivedi and two of his subordinate cops.Justice Anant Dave has ordered the investigation to be conducted by an officer of DIG rank in CID (crime) and he will have to submit a report by June 25.As the HC has already directed the government to transfer the cop, government pleader Prakash Jani assured the court that Trivedi would be shifted to other place within 10 days. Meanwhile, the state home department has asked him to go on leave and till then he is not supposed to enter Jamnagar district. Meanwhile, a departmental inquiry has been underway against Trivedi.Singala was arrested on charges of bootlegging, and he was allegedly tortured by Trivedi, police inspector (PI) A P Jadeja and police sub-inspector (PSI) G N Waghela in custody. He complained before judicial magistrate, who has initiated inquiry, but nothing happened thereafter. Singala moved the HC demanding action against the cops.After justice Dave asked Singala to lodge an FIR against the cops, he sought to withdraw his petition. The HC sensed something wrong and inquired as to under whose pressure he was seeking to withdraw his petition. Singala refused to name people who pressurized him and insisted on closing the case, but justice Dave observed that custodial torture is an offence and \"fundamental rights cannot be waived off\" in such matter.Justice Dave also observed that even if the complainant withdraws his petition, the HC would step in and the registrar general would initiate prosecution against the culprits. During the proceeding, the HC also hinted at harsh disciplinary action against Trivedi and sought opinion from the Centre on what are the provisions to take action against an IPS officer, if found guilty in this case. The HC also sought to know whether Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) would take up the probe, but the central agency expressed reluctance in this regard.Meanwhile, PI Jadeja has been transferred and PSI Waghela has been suspended.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13730637", "title": "Anne Hathaway felt humiliated as Catwoman!", "text": "Anne Hathaway has revealed that she was left humiliated after she repeatedly kept tripping over Batman's cape while filming 'The Dark Knight Rises'.The 29-year-old actress, who plays Catwoman in the much awaited film, had been looking forward to sparring with Christian Bale's Batman on the set, but had to hide her blushes after losing her balance during crucial scenes.\"I'm just trying to think if there were any stumbling moments,\" the Daily Express quoted the actress as telling Empire magazine.\"You know, they have a few Batman capes for different camera lenses and there was one cape Christian was wearing that was so long, I kept tripping on it!\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13714102", "title": "Board of Examinations members urge chancellor's office to remove VC", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as Nagpur University's Board of Examinations (BoE) finally realized its folly by revoking the decision to withdraw the FIR lodged at Sitabuldi police station regarding BCCA paper leak, some of its members severely flayed the administration led by vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal for taking such \"foolish\" decisions.In fact, some members including engineering dean Ravi Kshirsagar, law dean Anjali Hastak, and medicine dean Pramod Yeole had termed Friday's meeting as \"completely illegal\" stating that no decision could be taken as they had already filed a petition in this regard with chancellor K Sankaranarayanan's office under Section 108 of the Maharashtra Universities (MU) Act, 1994. They also prayed for Sapkal's removal from VC's post for his alleged failure to perform his duties and breaching the Act's provisions. However, neither the VC nor any of his subordinates could be contacted for their comments on this demand. Even chancellor's secretary Vikas Rastogi refused to comment on the issue.In their petition, a copy which is under possession of TOI, the BoE members challenged Sapkal's decision as a BoE chairman (ex-officio) to withdraw the FIR on May 30 when they had already forwarded a note of dissent opposing any such decision. They also challenged VC's decision on Friday to invoke powers vested upon him under Section 14(6) of the Act for correcting the decision on withdrawal of FIR.The three deans prayed chancellor to invoke Section 108 of the Act for directing Sapkal to maintain status-quo in the leak episode and not take any action which would pre-empt the interpretation made by chancellor's office.They pointed out that the VC in utter disregard to the note of dissent by them had himself become a party to the decision to withdraw FIR on May 30. The next day, after realizing blunder that BoE's decision was not consistent with Section 154 of the Criminal Procedure Code, he again called an emergency meeting and revoked it.These three members further stated that the VC had earlier taken the decision to lodge an FIR based on chancellor's nominee Sanjay Khadakkar's panel report that confirmed the leak on April 23 after TOI exposed it on April 22. A month later, he surprisingly decided to withdraw the same without providing concrete reasons and despite the fact that they had fiercely opposed any such move. Sapkal even canvassed with the other BoE members in this erroneous decision taken on May 30, and this move was aimed at saving his own skin and not to cater to any public interest, the members claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13713088", "title": "IITs debate format of single-entry exam", "text": "KOLKATA: The biggest task before the IITs at the moment is to finalize the patterns of the two entrance exams to centrally-run engineering institutes in the country.Now that the dust has settled over who would conduct the exams, the task is to create a distinction between the main and the advanced exams - the two wings of the new-look entrance test expected next year.The IITs were initially miffed with the ministry of human resources development for deciding on a single entrance test to all centrally-run tech schools, including the IITs. The IIT faculty protested because it meant the end of IITJEE - said to be the toughest entrance test in the world at its level, developed by the IITs over the years.The growing discontent had first forced MHRD to agree to a separate advanced test for IITs. Now, the ministry has handed over of the reins of the two-part exam to the IITs. The board that used to conduct AIEEE will assist the IITs by helping organize the exam across the country. However, it will be the IITs that will fix the difficulty levels of the two exams, set question papers, examine them and draw up the merit list.Though it is yet to be announced officially, senior faculty members at IIT Kharagpur are being consulted for the new-look exam. They say that while the main exam will be of the plus two board level, the advanced exam will be of the present IITJEE level.Interestingly, while it has almost been decided that the main exam will be completely objective with multiple choice questions, the advanced exam might be slightly different from the present IITJEE with a few subjective questions creeping in. Those in favour of subjective questions to the IIT entrance exam say that this will easily help distinguish the brighter students as candidates will clearly have to attempt a few logical steps in trying to solve subjective problems.TOI had earlier reported how despite cracking the IITJEE, at least 20% students failed miserably in the IITs since they could not assimilate the higher analytical level of studying.\"However, it is quite possible that we might finally have to settle for multiple-choice questions because subjective questions entail subjective marking which might create problems if a candidate challenges his score through the RTI,\" explained a senior faculty member who has been a part of IIT Kharagpur's JEE committee for many years.The IITs are also preparing to incorporate Plus-II scores of candidates in the merit list. Previously, this was being done indirectly as candidates had to have a qualifying score to sit for the exam. \"This will be of special help to candidates who wish to enter the IITs because 50% weightage will be given to Plus-II scores while the first phase of the merit list is drawn up on basis of the scores in the main exam and plus two,\" said a past IITJEE chairman.For such candidates, 100% weightage will be given to their advanced exam score. For candidates who will enter other centrally-run engineering colleges, the entry formula will be distinctly different under the new system.In their case, 40% weightage will be given to the board exam, 30% to the main exam and the remaining 30% to the advanced exam.A big problem that the IITs are anticipating in the new system is that for every candidate who takes the exam, the board scores furnished by him/her, will have to be ratified by the respective board. \"Though a sizeable number of candidates will be from the CBSE, the majority will be from other state boards and that is where we will need the school education departments to co-operate. In order to facilitate this, the MHRD has convened a meeting of the state education ministers,\" explained a senior IITJEE committee member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13719618", "title": "Texting is affecting spellings, fear teachers", "text": "MANGALORE: Text messaging has become a part of our lives, especially more so with the young. It has definitely scarred the English language to some extent. Critics say that it has changed the way our children speak, write and read thereby blurring the lines between formal and informal English. YOU is abbreviated to u, great to G8, see you later to CU L8R. Teachers say that children are more prone to slang thanks to textisms.K Vibha, II PU student of St Aloysius Pre-university College, who sends on an average more than 100 text messages to her friends every day, says she started using the mobile a year ago. \"Initially chatting with friends was fun but now I find myself abbreviating words. I find myself doing the same with my notes\", she adds. Vibha says that during her I PU exams she found herself using 'da' instead of 'The'. \"My fondness for abbreviated texting led to too many mistakes in spellings. I had to waste my time correcting them. I am scared that if this habit continues I may get low marks in II PU board exams,\" she feels.Nikhil Pai, who recently completed his bachelor of computer application, says he has been using text lingo even in exams as it saves time and he can attempt all the questions within the time limit. Luckliy, for him, it did not affect his scoring.A faculty attached to a PU college, on condition of anonymity, says there are lecturers who do not cut marks when they come across SMS lingo while evaluating answer scripts. KK Upadhyaya, principal of Madusudan D Kushe PU College, feels texting is ruining the spellings of students.Textisms aid spelling skills: StudyA study from Coventry University in the UK found no evidence that having access to mobile phones harms children's literacy skills. In fact, the research suggests that texting abbreviations or \"textisms\" may actually aid reading, writing and spelling skills. Based on a series of reading and spelling tests, researchers found a \"significant contribution of textism use to the children's spelling development during the study.\" The study is published in the British Journal of Developmental Psychology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "13719403", "title": "Centre, state cheating people: Vijayakanth", "text": "TRICHY: For the past five days, Trichy witnessed a series of protests by both the ruling and the opposition parties against the steep hike of petroleum prices. On Friday, it was the turn of the DMDK to hit out at both the Centre as well as the state governments for their anti-people policies.Unlike the protests by other parties, Friday's demonstration drew the attention of many because of the presence of opposition party leader Vijayakanth. Hence the police made arrangements to divert traffic in the area.Condemning the price hike as well as the shortage of petrol, he alleged that the Central government deliberately created a fuel shortage a few days back to force the people to accept the hike. Both the Central and state governments passed the buck on to each other to prevent being targeted by the public. For instance, the Central government put the blame on the oil companies for the relentless price hike, whereas the state government made the Tamil Nadu Electricity Regulation Committee responsible for increasing electricity charge. Both governments were taking people for a massive ride, he said.Moreover, they were not ready to reduce the state and central taxes on petrol and diesel. If they did so, the people would not have borne the brunt of such a price hike. The Tamil Nadu government earned Rs 3,000 crore from taxes on fuel. Vijayakanth suggested that the Central government fix the petrol price at Rs 50 for five years and increase it by Rs 1 per litre gradually.Criticizing the freebies distribution in the state, he said the government should change its policy of luring voters. Instead, it should think of improving the state with developmental schemes. But the state government was only keen on swindling funds meant for public welfare, and that is why Tamil Nadu had still be left behind in terms of growth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13712466", "title": "Govt to audit iron ore stock of 338 mining leases in Goa", "text": "PANAJI: The mines department has decided to audit the iron ore stock of 338 mining leases in the state to find out its exact quantity in operational and non-operational mines.Mining companies, in a written statement submitted before the mines department, have stated that around 765 million tonnes of iron ore are lying in dumps in and outside leases in the state.The state government has stopped handling of dumps till the government comes out with a clear-cut policy on their handling.Speaking to TOI, mines director Prasanna Acharya said, \"We have prepared the proposal and list of mines to be visited to carry out the audit of iron ore stock. Once we get government approval, the department will start audits\".He also said that this will help the department to know the exact quantity of ore so far extracted and pending for exports in the state. \"It will help the department to analyze\", said Acharya.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar will hold the meeting after June 15 to discuss the state's mining policy.\"The aim of the mining policy would be sustainable development and to conserve the state's natural resources\", said Acharya, adding that the chief minister will take a final call on the mining policy.Parrikar had said that by May-end, the drafting of the mining policy will be complete. And since there is no heavy mining activity from June to August, the government was supposed to throw the mining policy draft open for public suggestion for 30 days.The mines department had taken various steps to curb illegal mines in the state, such as daily transportation report, cancellation of trader licenses, and royalty challan to be paid before a ship is loaded.\"We have started receiving daily reports from mining companies which will help us to control the overloading of trucks\", said Acharya.The mines department has also received application from various consultants to conduct a resurvey of all mining leases in the state based on survey numbers, to identify the exact boundaries of mining leases.There are around 90 operational mines in Goa, which exported around 43 million tonnes slast year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13714290", "title": "Three killed in road accident", "text": "Three person were reported killed in a road accident that took place on Wednesday evening near Adgaon Medical College junction at around 8.30 pm. According to police, Ramesh Gosavi (50) resident of Haveli in Pune district was driving his Alto car from Nashik towards Ozar when his vehicle crushed two pedestrians Piyush Dhote (24) of Adgaon Shivar and one more unidentified person of around 35 years of age. Meanwhile, the driver of the car, Ramesh Gosavi, who is accused of rash driving, also lost control of the vehicle, which subsequently turned turtle, leading to his death.Four people accused of cheatingFour people have been accused of cheating Dhanatai Patil of Makhmalabad, Panchavati. According to reports, the accused Panditrao Patil, Bajirao Mahale, Pappu Patil and Sharad Chavan, all residents of Makhmalabad, Panchavati, prepared fake documents of a piece of land owned by Dhanatai Patil and sold it to some other person without the knowledge of the complainant. The Sarkarwada police are investigating the case.Complaint of outraging modestyA 40 year old woman from Shubha Vaastu Apartment, Kathegalli, Nashik has accused one Manoj Wavre of Krishinagar, College Road, of outraging her modesty. According to the complaint, on May 31 at around 12.45 pm, Manjoj Wavre and Suvarna Dinkar Kokate, resident of Sahara Apartment, near Akashwani Centre, Nashik Road, had been to the district court when they came across the complainant. Wavre started telling the complainant to withdraw the case filed by her against him and also outraged her modesty by using indecent language. A complaint in this regard has been registered at the Sarkarwada Police Station.Two incidents of chain snatchingsTwo incidents of chain snatchings were reported in different parts of the city on Thursday. A gold chain worth Rs 40,000 was snatched at around 10.45 pm near the water tank at Ashok Nagar in Satpur. A 46 year old woman - Nalini Borse of Ashok Nagar was walking when the two miscreants on a bike approached her and snatched her gold chain. Satpur police are investigating the case. In another incident on the same day at Siddhi Vinayak Colony, College Road, a gold chain worth Rs 18,000 was snatched from a woman named Puja Gajjar (40) resident of Wadala-Pathardi Road. The Indiranagar police are investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13719225", "title": "Chief minister writes to Centre seeking more time for Air India-Singapore Terminal Services Limited staff", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Chief minister Oommen Chandy faxed a letter to Union civil aviation minister Ajit Singh on Friday seeking clarification regarding the impending takeover of ground handling services by Air India's joint venture company Air India-Singapore Terminal Services Ltd (AI-Sats) at the Trivandrum International Airport.In his letter to Singh, Chandy said, \"Employees of Air India Air Transport Services Ltd have submitted a representation requesting my intervention in the issues arising consequent on the taking over of ground handling activities by AI-Sats. It is informed that the management has put fort three options before the employees with the direction to respond within seven days failing which their contract will be terminated... the notice is quiet insufficient.\"The chief minister requested that the employees be explained in detail the three options presented before them, like mention the various centres to which they could opt for transfer and that their work-experience be taken into consideration while offering them new positions.He has also requested that the staff be given one month's time to make a decision.Meanwhile, Air India officials and representatives of employees union of AIATSL met the assistant labour commissioner (ALC) who asked to see official documentation regarding the handing over of ground services to AI-Sats. Officials of AI-Sats chose to remain out of the meeting with the ALC, neither could Air India officers provide any proof regarding the handing over of ground services to AI-Sats.\"S Aiyyaswami, senior Manager, HRD, Chennai informed the ALC that the decision to handover ground services to AI-Sats was made at central level and that the regional office has not been provided with any documentation regarding the take over,\" said a source form the ALC's office.Air India has asked airport authority to deny entry to almost 40 AIATSL employees on Saturday and take back their airport entry pass as the employees have not responded to the termination notice but the assistant labour commissioner has managed to buy time till June 4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13731184", "title": "Kylie Minogue failed to notice beau\u2019s hotness", "text": "Kylie Minogue has revealed that she had not noticed how attractive her now-boyfriend Andres Velencoso was when she first met him, because she was too angry.The 'Timebomb' hitmaker has been dating Spanish model Velencoso since 2008, and although she does think that he is good looking, she was initially oblivious of it because she was in a bad mood.\"I was blind to it. I'd just spent four hours in hair and make-up and was ready to kill someone, so I wasn't really engaged with his attractiveness,\" Contactmusic quoted her as telling Glamour Magazine.\"I was not as charming as I might be! But what I did get from him the day we met was that he was really cool, just did his thing,\" she saidHowever, Minogue loves spending time with her boyfriend because he always understands exactly what she wants and needs.\"He's very chilled, which is good for me. I can spend 10 minutes trying to explain something - why do I feel this way? - and there's a minutes silence and gazing and he'll come out with one sentence, 'Well that's because of this.'\"And he's right, and he treats me exactly the same whether I'm a fully done showgirl or one eye up and one eye down, the next morning, feeling really down. He's very consistent. Aside from easy on the eye,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13731858", "title": "A fashion institute's annual fashion event", "text": "The recently concluded annual fashion event of a fashion institute showcased the designs and collections of the final year students of the college.The event had a vibrant range of elegant designs based on themes like tribes, nationalities and other divergent ideas. The students enjoyed the evening and cheered for their friends who showcased their designs and also walked the ramp.Kulmeet Kaur's \"Neo Rap Chic\" collection grabbed many eyeballs. Created out of fluorescent material, which glowed bright when the lights were turned off. Other thematic names like \"Gaddi De Parindey\", \"Regal Elegance\"and \"Dark Fantasy\" too were hailed by everyone.Prominent names from the city, made their presence felt at this high-spirited evening. Jayant Krishna posed for our lensmen. Nawab Mir Jafar Abdullah too was spotted cheering for the students. He said, \"Saare rounds acche the. But I liked the ethnic and traditional ones the most. The students were quite confident.\"Mohd Salman Khan", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13712645", "title": "When parents fight, kids face trauma: Bombay high court", "text": "MUMBAI: When parents fight, the child goes through trauma, the Bombay high court told a South Mumbai couple fighting a divorce case. Children are never happy when their parents separate, the court said.A division bench of Justice P B Majmudar and Justice Anoop Mohta was hearing a petition filed by Sanjay Shah (42), challenging a family court's order (November 3, 2011) directing him to contribute equally for the maintenance of his children and pay Rs 40,000 for his son Amul (15) and Rs 25,000 for his daughter Ameesha (7). His wife Kavita (37) was also supposed to pay an equal amount. Sanjay told the court that he earned Rs 25,000 from a firm managed by his family, while Kavita earned Rs 2 lakh from a partnership in a diamond jewellery business. In the petition, he claimed that the family court judge had failed to consider the disparity between their income and that his wife earned enough to look after the children.Sanjay and Kavita fell in love and the two married on May 20, 1994. Five years later in September 2009, Kavita, along with her children, left her matrimonial home and lodged a police complaint against Sanjay and his parents over harassment.She subsequently also moved court and filed proceedings for Domestic Violence and in 2010, she filed two petitions, one for divorce and the other for the maintenance of their children.In October 2011, the family court prevented Sanjay from having access to the children but let him have a weekly visit. On Kavita's petition for interim maintenance for children, the court in November 2011, directed him to make the payments with effect from July 2010, till the final decision on the petition was taken.On May 11, 2012, the high court was informed that Sanjay and Kavita hailed from \"reputable\" families and Amul won a laurel for the country in karate in the 2009 Commonwealth Games . During the hearing, when the judges asked how were the children coping with their parents' court battle, they were told by Kavita's advocate that they were \"very happy with her\". To this, Justice Majmudar said, \"Children are never happy when parents separate. When parents dispute, the child goes through trauma. We can see the plight of children. No child on this earth will say 'my parents must not stay together'. They will be happy when both (parents) are together.\"Justice Majmudar also had a piece of advice for the couple: \"Give your marriage another chance. You are young now. But after 60-65 years, you will long for a companion.\"The matter has been adjourned to June.(Names of the family changed to protect identity)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13730298", "title": "Gaga's new album will be Insane", "text": "Singer Lady Gaga is already recording her new album and according to her manager the songs will be \"insane\".The 26-year-old is already working on the follow-up to \" Born This Way \", which was released in May 2011, and her co-manager, Vincent Herbert, thinks it will defy all expectations.\"There's a lot of work to come, I'm very excited about it. It's just an insane, great record. She's on tour right now, but it's just going to be a great record,\" contactmusic.com quoted Herbert as saying.\"Look out for the unexpected when it comes to her. We're doing it on the road right now, so it's a little hard, but it's going to be great,\" Herbert added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13712313", "title": "Students excel in CBSE", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Students of Tathagat Gyansthli Senior Secondary School, Atarra excelled in the X class CBSE result. Twelve students Masoom Suchdev, Harsh Chaudhary, Shivam Pandey, Arun Kumar, Joy Bhattaearya, Sumit Gupta, Swarnima Gupta, Shipra Katiyar, Kajal Lakhera, Shubham Agrawal, Shivani Shivhare, Sagar Rathors acquired CGPA of 10 while other three students Akshay Singh, Ayushi Singh, Ankita Gauram secured the CGPA of 9.8 and three students Sakshi Gupta, Robin Nanchahal, Sandeep Kumar Sahu secured the CGPA of 9.6.Likewise Manju Mishra, Nami Vishwakarma, Akash Shukla, Kiran Kushwaha, Ragavendra Tiwari, Tanu Gupta, Dhirendra Vikram Singh, Raj Shivhare, Shrikrishna Dutta, Shakti Singh, Rahul Gupta, Bhumika Shivhare, Shivani Gupta, Aditya Pratap Singh, Praveen Mishra, Saurabh Chandra Gupta, Anoosha Singh Parihar, Chandramauli Tripathi, Maneesh |atav, Swarnanjali Gupta, Vaibhav ]adiya, Dipankar Singh Kushwaha, Pratiksha Gupta, Abhishek Singh, Anurag Dwivedi, Himanshi Gupta, Pravesh Kasaudhan, Yashvendra Singh, Ramkrishna Pathak and Tarun Gupta secured the CGPA of 9.4. Principal KK Amma congratulated the students &amp; wished them a bright future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13719379", "title": "Kerala State Biodiversity Board mulls ways to save Sasthamkotta Lake", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The lifeline of Kollam and a major drinking water source of the region, Sasthamkotta Lake, which is also the largest freshwater lake in the state, is facing serious threat of depletion due to land reclamation, illegal sand mining, quarrying and unrestricted pumping of millions of litres of water per day by water tankers during summer. Now, in an attempt to protect the lake, a designated wetland of international importance under the Ramsar Convention since November 2002, the Kerala State Biodiversity Board (KSBB) plans to chalk out an action plan.\"As part of an awareness drive, display boards against polluting the lake will be put up around the water body. With that, the government plans to empower the biodiversity management committee (BMC)s constituted in each of the three panchayats in the area to prevent illegal sand mining and quarrying near the lake, leading to declining water level in the lake,\" said member secretary of KSBB, K P Laladhas.\"One suggestion is to replenish the lake by pumping in water from the nearby Kallada River. But, before that a scientific study needs to be carried out to ascertain whether the algal bloom from the river would spread to the lake, harming the lake ecosystem and thereby making the water non potable,\" Laladhas said.KSBB chairman R V Varma said that the government plans to empower the BMC with the support of the revenue and police officials. The untreated sewage and leachate from the industries, agriculture and domestic wastes directly flow into the lake. To prevent that, Suchitwa Mission, as part of its Rs 1.5 crore project, plans to set up a sewage treatment plant and four e-toilets in the area with the support of Keltron. Meanwhile, a water balance study, water quality testing, soil conservation and afforestation measures around Sasthamkotta Lake is on as part of the Rs 4.2 crore Management Action Plan, said senior scientist at the Central Water Resources Development and Management (CWRDM) Hari Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13715613", "title": "Man dies on road, body lies unattended for 6 hrs", "text": "CHENNAI: The body of a 35-year-old man was left unattended to for more than six hours in the busy Nandanam extension area of the city on Friday, with people walking past and going about their business without so much as a second glance at the lifeless form, face-down in front of a car showroom. Many passersby assumed the man was drunk, a police officer said.When the man showed no signs of movement and remained in the same position till 5.30pm, the car dealer staff called the police control room. Nurses in a 108 ambulance dispatched to the spot found the man with his legs on the footpath and his body on the road. They checked for vital signs before declaring him dead. The 108 personnel refused to take the body to Government General Hospital morgue in the ambulance, saying the vehicle was meant to transport people in a medical emergency.A policeman from Teynampet police station rushed to the spot after the ambulance left, but chose to ignore the case, saying the area was not in his station's jurisdiction. \"We have informed the city police control room about the body. They will inform Saidapet police who will take over the case,\" he said.The body remained in the same place till 6.45pm, when policemen from Saidapet police station arrived and sent the man's body to Kilpauk Medical College Hospital for autopsy.\"We received information about the body at 6.35pm and police were sent to the spot,\" said Saidapet police inspector N S Kumar. \"We made enquiries about the man in the neighbourhood and identified him.\" He was identified as G Maamannan, 42, a native of Kerala. He worked as a receptionist at a hospital in Adyar and had married a colleague Gunavathi, 40.\"Gunavathi works as a nurse in in Malaysia . Maamannan returned to Chennai and stayed with his sister who works in a hospital in Porur,\" a police officer said. Maamannan left his sister's house on Friday. \"He was exhausted after walking in the sun, so he sat on the footpath,\" the officer said. \"After a while, he collapsed and died.\"The Saidapet police have registered a case under CrPc Section 174 (unnatural death).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13715510", "title": "Flash strike at port, second in two days", "text": "CHENNAI: The container truck drivers struck work on Friday at Chennai port for the second time in two days. But they called off the strike by Friday evening. On Wednesday, the truck drivers struck work after the Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) men at the port denied entry to a few containers that did not sport valid container numbers.The strike was withdrawn on Thursday evening after CISF officials reportedly promised to withdraw the cases and let the containers go. But the truck and trailer drivers again declared a flash strike by Friday afternoon alleging that they were being troubled by the CISF against the decisions taken in the negotiations on Thursday.The deputy chairman of Chennai port P C Parida said the strike had been called off on Friday evening and over 200 containers had been moved out of the port within hours. \"We are taking necessary steps to avoid any kind of trouble for traders,\" he said.Senior port officials said the impact of strike on Thursday and Friday will continue for another three more days. \"Hundreds of containers are pending for clearance and the vessel operations are also running in a behind schedule,\" said a senior port official.Sources in the industry said many transporters and truckers use the strike as a excuse to create a fake demand for their services and increase the freighter charges too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13713597", "title": "BMW Case: Veena Chopra is critical 26 days later", "text": "GURGAON: The condition of BMW hit-and-run accident case victim Veena Chopra, mother of deceased Kshama Chopra, continues to be critical even 26 days after the deadly accident. Talking to TOI, a family friend said there has been no improvement in Veena's condition as she is still on ventilator. Among the survivors, she is the only person who has not been discharged from the hospital.Shailesh Shetye, Kshama's husband, was discharged from the hospital on May 20. He has been advised few months of complete rest to recover from the pelvic bone injuries. Meanwhile, sources said Suraj sherawat, accused in the case, is yet to submit his driving license to the police. He had been told to produce his driving licence by June 4. On May 5, a speeding BMW car had rammed into an Indigo near IFFCO tower, killing two people - Kshama Chopra Shetye, a pregnant woman, and driver Sanjay Gulati. Four others were critically injured - Rajender Chopra, Meena Chopra, Daksh Jaiswal, and Shailesh Shetye.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13726957", "title": "A positive alliance", "text": "KOLKATA: The financial sector will create more than one crore jobs, before the end of this decade and the National Stock Exchange (NSE) is keen to bridge the skill deficit in the financial sector. In a unique tie-up with the National Institute of Financial Management ( NIFM, which was set up by the Finance Ministry, Government of India), NSE is starting a one-year, full-time, post graduate course in financial markets and a one-year, weekend post graduate course for working professionals, in financial markets.These courses will be a combination of classroom training and training to trade on simulated market software, specially designed by NSE, called NSE Learn to Trade or NLT. The idea is to make both students and working professionals adept at investment and trading skills. Apart from upgrading their skills, in tune with latest technology, this training will open up job opportunities for students and executives in investment banks, research firms, mutual funds, brokerages and knowledge process outsourcing (KPO) centres.Chitra Ramkrishna, joint MD of the NSE, said, \"This is the first time that specialised market simulation software has been designed in the country, to train students and professionals to trade on the same tools that are used widely by the market community. We are confident that this experience will greatly enhance skills and help students and executives to grow in the financial sector.\"For the executive course, classes and practical training will be held partly at the NSE office in Delhi and partly at the NIFM institute in Faridabad (part of the NCR region), every weekend. The full-time course will require hostel stay at the NIFM Faridabad institute. Both these courses will start from July (full-time July 30 and weekend programme July 15) and will be jointly certified by NSE and NIFM. Candidates will be required to appear for NSE - NIFM online test on June 30 or July 1.The online tests will be held in 12 cities including the metros, Ahmedabad, Hyderabad, Indore, Jammu, Jaipur, Chandigarh and Lucknow.Those who are interested in these courses can send their applications to the NSE office in Delhi.All relevant details on how to apply are available on the following websites, http://www.nseindia.com and www.nifm.ac.in.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "13716624", "title": "Differently-abled kids get a raw deal", "text": "PANCHKULA: Though the Supreme Court has made it mandatory for the schools for differently abled children to have ramps to facilitate their movement, Sanskriti Model School, Sector 20, Panchkula, has no such facility resulting in inconvenience to the students. Complaints by teachers and the students have fallen on deaf ears. \"It is difficult for me to climb stairs. I have fallen from the stairs many times. Though I have complained to the authorities, nothing has been done in this regard,\" said Rohit (name changed), a student of Class X.These students require help in climbing stairs. \"The authority should see what is going on and the way we are suffering,\" said Manav (name changed), a student of Class VI. Sources said though the school had received grant to construct ramps, nothing has been done till date. Not only this, complaints of child labour in the school have also been reported.TOI has photographs of children picking up bricks for the rooms that are being constructed at the school. \"Some rooms are being constructed in the school and after that the ramps would be made. Regarding child labour, the students help us willingly. If they want to help us once in five years, what is wrong with that?\" principal Urmil Rohilla said. Panchkula District Education officer Nalini Mimani said, \"We have asked them to give a report on the facilities they have for these children. They are yet to report.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13714836", "title": "Rescued cub dies; tigress, other cub untraced", "text": "NAGPUR: The four-month-old tiger cub rescued on Thursday morning from Chorbahuli forest in Paoni range, 50km from here, died early Friday morning.According to professor of veterinary pathology with Nagpur Veterinary College, Dr Arun Bhandarkar, who performed the post-mortem, the cub died due to severe dehydration accompanied by sunstroke.The cub seems to have not eaten anything since 4-5 days and hence was weak when brought for treatment. It was cremated at 'Deer Park' in Seminary Hills around 12 noon in the presence of deputy conservator P K Mahajan, vigilance DFO D W Pagar, assistant conservators (ACFs) S B Chouhan, Avinash Anjikar and G K Pawar and RFO D R Nandanwar. Honorary district wildlife warden Kundan Hate and NTCA representative Sanjay Deshpande were present.The cub was first spotted around 5am but brought to Nagpur at 10am. Although it took five hours for the officials to bring the cub from Chorbahuli to Seminary Hills, wildlife vets treating the cub said an hour or two would have hardly mattered as the animal was in a critical condition.It seems the cub had strayed from its mother and was found in a semi-unconscious state by two Forest Development Corporation of Maharashtra (FDCM) chowkidars - Ramnarayan Bamnote and Gendlal Ahake. Both mistook it to be a leopard cub but after they realized it was a tiger cub, panic buttons were pressed.Mahajan said anti-poaching and mobile squads have been deployed to trace the missing mother tigress and another cub. \"For six days we will scan the entire area twice. Additional camera traps have also been deployed in Paoni range to trace the animals.Wildlife wing officials suspect the tigress to be a resident of territorial area opposite the Mansinghdeo Wildlife Sanctuary. The sanctuary's Chorbahuli range forest officer (RFO) M B Pokle said two cubs were captured in a camera trap on April 30 and it was the only evidence of the animals.\"We had deployed 32 cameras as part of tiger estimation exercise from March 22 to May 10 in Chorbahuli range. While other tigers have been captured more than once, the two cubs, of which one has now died, were recorded only once on April 30,\" Pokle said. He added that if the tigress been a resident of Chorbahuli, it would have been recorded in the cameras during the 45-day census period.Nitin Desai, Central India director for Wildlife Protection Society of India (WPSI), said, \"Mother never leaves its cubs for so many days. It should have been monitored immediately.\"Hate asserted that information on tigers should be shared by wildlife and territorial wing officials immediately.On Thursday, Chorbahuli farmer Shravan Kokod claimed to have spotted a tigress with a cub in the area two days ago but on Friday he said he had only heard roars of a tiger around 4am on Thursday. Pokle says the tigress may be roaring in agony over the ailing cub. \"We have asked the locals to keep a watch,\" he said.Foresters want flyoversThe forest officials have favoured construction of flyovers for wild animals near forest patches on NH7. The presence of cub has proved it is an established corridor, says deputy conservator P K Mahajan. The National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) has submitted a revised proposal for forest land diversion on NH7 for road widening. Earlier, the NHAI needed 112 hectares land but now it has scaled down the demand to 49 hectares. \"It has also removed the Mansinghdeo compartment which was supposed to be affected by road widening,\" Mahajan informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13711338", "title": "Noida Extension farmers to file PIL", "text": "NOIDA: Farmers from Noida Extension villages have decided to approach the Allahabad high court with a petition alleging that Greater Noida Authority allotted plots cut out from land acquired in the region to real estate developers even before changing the land use pattern in the Master Plan.Farmers have prepared the PIL based upon RTI documents obtained from the Authority and have demanded enquiry by an independent investigative agency to establish if land had not been acquired forcibly to favour private developers.\"The Authority had launched schemes for private developers in Noida Extension region in 2010, but plots had been allotted well before the change of land use,\" said farmers' lawyer Parmindera Bhati. \"Land had been acquired from us citing industrial development, but later it was sold off to private developers and land use pattern changed from industrial to residential. We want an enquiry by an independent investigative agency to verify if laws had not been twisted to favour private developers,\" said Bhati.Greater Noida Authority had launched four residential schemes in Noida Extension - BRS01, BRS02, BRS03, BRS04 - in 2010. The basic allotment rate for each square metre of land in the first two schemes was Rs 10,000, while for the remaining two schemes the rate had been fixed at Rs 11,000.\"The opening date of the first scheme was January 22, 2010. But minutes of meetings held in the Authority in the first week of February 2010 show that it was still discussing change in land use,\" said Bhati. \"The reason as to why the Authority was in a hurry to open allotment schemes needs to be investigated,\" he added.In the meeting held in the first week of February 2010, Authority officials had discussed the proposal to change land use along 130m roads in the city from industrial to group housing. The Authority had cited lack of enthusiasm among industries to set shop in the region due to the then ongoing economic recession and the lack of funds at the disposal of the Authority to pay back more than Rs 2,500 crore it had availed as loans to pay compensation in lieu of land acquired.A copy of the minutes of the meeting, signed by nearly a dozen senior officials of the Greater Noida Authority, is with TOI apart from RTI documents disclosing the dates of opening and closing of the group housing schemes.The proposal had been mooted as per the suggestions of the property department of the Authority. It had been decided in the meeting that upon passing the proposal of land use change in the next board meeting, objections would be invited from general public. \"However, no public hearing was done,\" said Bhati.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13712626", "title": "5,178MW: Power demand creeps up to another record", "text": "NEW DELHI: For the third time in the past one week, power consumption in the city has touched a new high. Breaking all records, the demand reached 5,178MW at 4.07pm on Friday.The soaring power demand was met with complaints of loadshedding from several parts of the city, particularly south Delhi where residents say power supply in the morning was erratic.The previous highest demand in the city was recorded on Wednesday when it rose to 5,155MW. On Friday, residents from areas like Gulmohar Park, Kalkaji, Dwarka, Saket and Safdarjung complained over the power supply. \"For almost three hours in the morning, the power supply kept coming and going. It was there for 10 minutes and then went off for half an hour. Due to this, even our water supply was affected in the morning,\" said a resident of Gulmohar Park.BSES Rajdhani recorded a demand of 2,062MW in south and central Delhi, while BSES Yamuna had to deal with a demand of 1,370MW in east Delhi. Tata Delhi Power officials said the peak load in north and northwest Delhi was 1,406MW at 3pm.The power demand in the city has been increasing at a rate of around 8% over the past few years and, according to the government projection, will reach 5,500MW this summer. Last year, the demand had gone up to 5,028MW, which was the all-time high till it was broken on May 25, 2012, when the demand touched 5,032MW.Official figures say the demand in 1905 was just 2MW, which had increased to 27MW in 1947. The peak demand had touched 1,536MW in 1992, while it increased to 2,303MW in 1997 and to 2,879MW in 2001. In 2002, it was 3,097MW, while in 2007, the demand touched 4,030MW.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13717456", "title": "State promotes dairy devpt on World Milk Day", "text": "RANCHI: On the occasion of World Milk Day, on Friday, a two-day national-level seminar has been arranged in the state to promote dairy development in the state. The theme of the seminar is 'Status, opportunities and sustainability of dairy in Jharkhand'.In the seminar, director of National Bureau of Animal Genetic Resources, Karnal, B K joshi informed that the state has 3.4% and 1.7% of country's total livestock and poultry respectively. Further data released by him revealed that the state depends on buffalo, cattle and goats for dairy production. The population of recognized breeds constitute about 30% of the total buffalo population and rest 70% buffalo population belong to the non descript category.The cattle population in Jharkhand counts up to 8.78 million and total buffalo population is 1.5 million. Besides, total milk production in the state is 1.9 million tonne, of which cows produce 52% and buffalo 42% of milk. There is a need to double the per capita milk availability which is 159gm.Talking about the implementation of cattle and breed policy, Joshi said, \"There are problems like acute shortage of genetically superior bulls, lack of coordination between agencies and effective animal husbandry extension network. There is need for strategic planning so that every aspect including the farmer's needs and resource availability is taken care of by the authorities concerned.Lastly, Joshi lauded the efforts of the state and said, \"Regular mapping of animal health especially that of buffalo's should be done from time to time and policies should be framed based on the report. Semen banks should also be set up in the state.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13717546", "title": "Intermediate results better this year", "text": "RANCHI: Results of intermediate examination conducted by the Jharkhand Academic Council (JAC) were announced on Friday, presenting a better picture compared to the past two years and proving to be a moral booster for council chairperson Laxmi Singh.\"We have worked hard with our students and the result is in front of everyone. We will work harder next year and if students do so too, we can achieve better results in the coming years,\" said Singh.The pass percentage in science faculty is 48.37 this year which was 33.70 in 2011 and 30.33 in 2010. Similarly, pass percentage in commerce faculty is 66.04 which was 51.27 in 2011 and 58.99 in 2010. In Arts, the pass percentage was 61.78 in 2010 which dropped down to 58.14 in 2011 but has risen this year by 12.95% making it to 71.09.This year, the girls have again proved to be better than boys as the pass percentage of girls is higher than boys in almost every district and in all faculties. The overall pass percentage of girls is also much higher than the boys.In science faculty, the percentage of girls passed is 49.33 whereas the boys' percentage is 48.05. In commerce, 62.51% boys have passed in comparison to 74.11% girls. Similarly in arts, the pass percentage of girls is 73.90 while 67.814% boys passed.Palamu district has produced the highest pass percentage of the state in science faculty for both boys and girls with 74.81% boys and 80.92% girls scoring pass marks. In commerce, the highest pass per cent among the boys is 79.15 from Dhanbad and among the girls 87.50 from Pakur. In arts, the highest pass percentage among girls is 88.80 from Lohardaga and Godda heads among boys with 81.16. In Ranchi, the the pass percentage is 43.66% among the boys and 49.17% among girls in science faculty. In commerce 70.35% boys and 82.78% girls passed and in arts 78.88% boys and 82.84% girls passed in Ranchi.The results of intermediate vocational courses has show a downward trend this year compared to last year as the pass percentage is 81.94 which was 82.46 previous year.Sanskrit board results has been the best this year compared to previous years with 96.74% pass which is the highest till date.The toppers list will be declared after 15 days Singh said. Asked if this decision has been taken after the confusion created about the toppers list of matriculation results this year, Singh said, \"Not at all! It is easy to find the toppers in matriculation so it was declared the same day, but in intermediate there are three faculties so finding the toppers is a lengthy and time taking process.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13714438", "title": "Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited launches hi-tech call centre services in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: Power distributor MSEDCL has provided yet another hi-tech service to its consumers with its hi-tech call centre becoming operational for all municipal corporation areas of the state. Gradually, all areas of the state will be serviced by the call centre.The toll free number is 18002333435. This call centre is, however, not meant for consumers living in Spanco area, since the franchisee has its own call centre.The local call centre has also stopped functioning with the commissioning of this number. The city-level call centre at Nagpur used to entertain only breakdown related complaints. Now, consumers can also lodge billing and metering related complaints with the Bhandup (Mumbai) centre.A MSEDCL official said that the call centre has an interactive voice response system (IVRS) in three languages - Marathi, Hindi and English. \"When the consumer calls up the toll free number, he will have to mention his consumer and billing unit number. Next time if he calls the call centre from the same mobile or landline, our system will automatically recognize him. He need not mention his consumer and billing unit every time.\"MSEDCL bosses are confident that this will improve consumer services, as the head office will be able to check complaints in a particular area at the click of a mouse. The official said that an executive engineer (EE) has been posted at the call centre to keep track of complaints. \"Being a technical person, the EE may be able to provide some guidance. More importantly, now every MSEDCL field officer knows that complaint redressal is being monitored.\"\"In case an officer takes too much time to redress a complaint, the call centre will continuously remind him about it. The call centre will keep a record of complaints and the head office will get a monthly report, which will be sent to the concerned CEs and SEs. If some employee has inordinately delayed attending to a complaint he will be fined,\" the official promised.The officials said that field officers would have to mandatorily inform the call centre about outages and shutdowns. \"If a breakdown does not get addressed by the JE in two hours, the call centre will inform the concerned DEE. In another two hours, the EE will be informed and if nothing happens after six hours, the SE will be notified.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13713501", "title": "Hunt the hunters and get Rs 5 lakh reward, Raj Thackeray says", "text": "NAGPUR: His uncle ( Bal Thackeray ) used the tiger as a political mascot. His cousin brother Uddhav has a passion for wildlife photography and has 'shot' the majestic beast with aplomb. Not to be left behind, Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) chief Raj Thackeray on Friday has displayed his love for the endangered wildcat by announcing a bounty on poachers.Returning here after spending two days at the popular Tadoba in Chandrapur district, Raj Thackeray announced a reward of Rs 5 lakh to any forest official who shoots a poacher found killing tigers in the forests of Vidarbha region in eastern Maharashtra.\"On behalf of MNS, I will present the award to any forester who shoots a genuine poacher found killing tigers in this region. I will give another Rs 2 lakh to any villager, tribal or forest dweller who provides accurate information on poachers,\" Thackeray announced here on the sidelines of a party convention.The MNS chief was in agreement with the recent diktat of state forest minister Patangrao Kadam virtually sanctioning a shoot-at-sight of tiger poachers. Thackeray said it was imperative to save this precious animal. There are only 1,417 Royal Bengal Tigers, the species native to the Indian subcontinent, surviving in the wild, according to official statistics.In the past three years, nearly half a dozen cases of tiger deaths have been reported in Vidarbha. Two tigers were found caught in a steel trap in April this year, including one which died as it struggled to free itself, in the forests near Palasgaon in Chandrapur district. The other tiger survived and is being treated for injuries here. Officials also recovered 11 pieces of a tiger, minus the valuable vital organs, last month from the jungles outside Borda village in Chandrapur district.Later, addressing his party workers, Thackeray said he would now concentrate on expanding the party's base in this region. He exhorted party men to get acquainted with modern tools like Internet and social media like Facebook and Twitter to keep up with times in the knowledge-based society. Not a big ask for a party that set the trend by holding a written test to qualify for the party nomination in civic elections recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13720001", "title": "Sri Rama Katha, an 'eye-opener event' for modern society", "text": "MYSORE: Mysoreans have a unique event to watch out for in the coming week. Sri Rama Katha will unfold before them in dance-drama form. Mysore Havyak Brahmins' Circle is bringing the event to Mysore spending lakhs.According to the organizers, they will incur an expenditure of over a lakh for each day of the event beginning Sunday. This is in addition to the arrangements made for the participants and Sri Ramachandrapura Mutt seer Sri Raghavesh Bharati Swami.If the organizers are to be believed, the show is unique. \"Sri Rama Katha, penned by sage Valmiki, is being narrated in its original form and without any distortions. Also, it is made relevant to the society. People may see Ramayana from various angles, but Valmiki's Sri Rama Katha has its own uniqueness and specialty,\" they say.The event's honorary president H V Rajiv said the troupe is making efforts to enliven the great epic by relating it to modern society. \"Many may see Rama as a great mythological character, but Sri Rama Katha lists him as the embodiment of sacrifice,\" he said, revealing that efforts have been made to highlight and depict Rama's sacrifice.\"Sending Sita to the forest and subjecting her to 'agni pariksha' may look like a trait of male chauvinism. But for Rama, it was to show the world how unblemished and virtuous Sita was and how Rama was ready to sacrifice anything to prove that he and his wife were the embodiment of virtues,\" Rajiv said. Rajiv said the event is a small effort to inject moral values into people's mind, and to show how degraded are present-day politicians and how incomparable was Rama.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13714852", "title": "Rail movement between Lucknow and Varanasi resumes", "text": "LUCKNOW: The movement of trains between Lucknow and Varanasi has been restored. More than 20 trains were either diverted, short-terminated or cancelled, on Thursday and Friday, after the route got blocked due to derailment of 13009 Howrah-Dehradun Doon Express.On Thursday, about 11 coaches of Doon Express had derailed between Mihrawan and Khetasarai stations near Jaunpur, killing five passengers and injuring more than 50.The derailment had stopped the movement of trains on the track, thus leading to diversion, cancellation and short-termination of trains from Lucknow and Varanasi. By Friday noon, the track was restored and by evening, trains resumed operation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13719887", "title": "Woman constable hangs self at house", "text": "MYSORE: A woman constable serving in City Special Branch (CSB) has allegedly committed suicide at her home in Rajivnagar II Stage here on Friday. Sujatha was attached to Vidyarnyapuram police station, but was working with the special unit in the city police on deputation.On Thursday evening, she worked till 8.30pm attending a meeting held in connection with the scheduled visit of the chief minister. Later, she left the police commissioner's office where the CSB is located. She was serving in the CSB for the past 18 months, after her transfer from the women's police station. One of Sujatha's colleagues said she was reserved, but committed to work.Sujatha was living with her son on the first floor, while her parents were residing on the ground floor. Udayagiri police said her father Devakumar went upstairs when she didn't come out till 12 noon. Later, he alerted the police, who rushed and broke open the door, and found her dead.Police said her 12-year-old son and mother Yashodhara had gone to MM Hills two days ago. Sujatha was alone at home when she took the extreme step, and police are yet to know the reasons for that. Udayagiri police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13712156", "title": "Gujarat SSC result declared today", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB) declared the SSC result on Saturday. Over 9.28 lakh students have appeared for the class X board exams this year.Students can get their SSC result on its official websites http://www.gseb.org/. The mark sheets will be available to students from their respective schools on June 7. Last year, the board had declared 71.06% result. Over 9.36 lakh students had appeared for the exam and of them, 6.65 lakh had cleared it.This year, the board has already declared HSC (science) and HSC (general) stream results which were lowest in seven years. There is widespread fear among parents that the SSC result too may be low this year. However, board sources said that the result this year may be in the range of 73-75%.Since last year, the board has introduced percentile and grading system in class X wherein the students are given grades depending on the range of percentage of marks secured by them. The students stand a chance of scoring better as the paper was divided into two parts - 50 marks questions were objective type while the remaining 50 marks questions were subjective in nature.Meanwhile, the Admission Committee for Professional Diploma Courses (ACPDC) (Gujarat) said that admission in diploma courses after SSC will begin shortly. ACPDC will be holding a programme on June 4 and 5 between 11 am and 5 pm to guide students who have passed SSC. To facilitate online form filling and registration, seminars will be held in all diploma colleges between 11am and 5pm on June 5 and 6. where students and parents will be given complete lowdown on the number of seats in diploma engineering courses, and the process of online registration. Students can also seek answers to any admission- and career-related query here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13711495", "title": "ICC tweaks rules to spice up ODIs; 2 bouncers in an over allowed, Powerplays curbed", "text": "NEW DELHI: A year after it made sweeping changes to One-day International cricket, an ICC panel has recommended further changes to spice up ODIs, giving bowlers some leeway by allowing two bouncers an over instead of one and doing away with the bowling Powerplay rule but restoring the balance by allowing only four fielders outside the 30-yard circle in the non-Powerplay period.The ICC said on Friday the changes were intended to make the middle overs \"more attacking\" and perhaps give the pace bowlers a bit more play.Also scrapped was last year's ruling on taking the batting and bowling Powerplays between the 16th and 40th overs. The committee concluded that the move had had \"little impact\" in spicing up ODIs. The decision to use two new balls from each end, however, will be continued.However, day-night Test matches, an area of evolving interest, have been left to the discretion of participation nations to \"trial\" should they chose to do so in bilateral series.In ODIs, Powerplays are now to be restricted to the first 10 overs, apart from another five-over batting Powerplay to be completed by 40th over. Only four fielders, instead of five, will be allowed outside the 30-yard circle in non-Powerplay overs.The recommendations headline a series of decisions taken at ICC's Cricket Committee's meeting at Lord's over Thursday and Friday. The changes (will) \"improve the balance between bat and ball and to create an identity for ODIs distinct from the Test and Twenty20 formats,\" the ICC said.\"The changes will help enhance what is still an exceptionally popular form of the game. There is, though, a need to develop a strong identity for the 50-over game,\" ICC's general manager Dave Richardson said.The committee's decisions will be ratified by the ICC board in Kuala Lumpur later this month. Apart from the rule changes to the One-day game, the committee also decided that the contentious Decision Review System (DRS) would be persisted with along with the Duckworth-Lewis rain-rule system.The committee maintained there was significant improvement in decision-making in matches involving DRS, with a 4.27% increase in correct decisions. The committee said it \"considered\" Indian mathematician V Jayadevan's VJD Method for calculating revised targets of rain-affected matches but concluded it wasn't significantly different from the D/L method in use.The switch-hit too will continue to be a legal stroke in cricket's lawbooks. The committee, chaired by former West Indies skipper Clive Lloyd , also recommended a stricter enforcement of regulations covering substitute fielders. It also said suspended players should not be allowed on to the field of play once a game has started.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13719418", "title": "Kovalam to go \u2018beyond the beach\u2019 to promote tourism", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Kerala tourism is planning to reintroduce its \"beyond the beach\" programme at Kovalam from the next tourist season.Panchayats located around Kovalam involved with the procurement process for tourism department's ambitious responsible tourism project will be given top priority for the programme.The programme, which introduces tourists to the village life experience was started a year back at Kovalam, Wayanad and Kumarakom. While the idea caught on at Kumarakom, it went belly up at Kovalam after 15 tours for lack of proper marketing.The department has revamped the project and identified many products to facilitate the different tour packages. \"There was only one weaving unit included in the tour which was out of the way, this time we have identified multiple units to help keep the tours flexible. Also travel desks at various hotels around Kovalam will be informed of the project,\" said Saroop, assistant professor KITTS and coordinator RT projects (Responsible Tourism). Tour operators and hotel staff will be taken on a mock tour to familiarize them with the product and a short film on the initiative will be uploaded on the RT website in July.\"The project has been designed to economically support the local community. We are training 20 people from Vizhinjam, Venganoor and Kottukal panchayats to earn a living as guides. If food is part of the package then it will be eaten at a local house or one of the Kudumbasree units,\" said the RT coordinator.The tourists will be taken around the villages to give them a slice of the rural life. They will be taken to mushroom farms, vegetable cultivation plots, a cage-maker for lobster catching, Kathakali mask making unit and coir weaving factory. \"All tours will be routed through the tourist information centre, so that local guides can hop on board the tours. They have been designed aimed at getting tourists to spend an extra day at Kovalam,\" said UV Jose, planning officer Kerala tourism department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13712657", "title": "Water cut in western suburbs", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC has announced a 100% water cut in parts of K-East (Vile Parle, Jogeshwari), K-West (Andheri, Juhu) and P-South (Goregaon) wards as it will repair two major leaks on the 1,200-mm Veravli inlet. The work will start around 10am on June 4 and expected to get over by 2am the next day.There will also be a 25% cut in water supply in areas such as Hindu Friends Society Road, Gumpha Road, Jogeshwari (E) and Aksa Masjid Road, Shastri Nagar, Agarwal Estate, S V Road, Gulshan Nagar and Amrut Nagar in Jogeshwari (W) on June 4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13714124", "title": "Reebok India fraud case: Sleuths in talks with Gurgaon cops", "text": "GURGAON: The Serious Fraud Investigation Office (SFIO) has started investigating the Rs 780 crore Reebok India scam.Two officials reached Gurgaon on Friday for a discussion with the city police to get details from them. DCP (East) Maheshwar Dayal confirmed that the deputy director of SFIO had met him in connection with the Reebok fraud.Earlier, police had collected documents and other evidences and had employed a CA firm to check the company's accounts. After finding anomalies in the company's books, the police directed the SFIO to look in to the matter. The Union corporate affairs minister, Veerappa Moily, had also raised doubts in the case saying that there is \"something wrong\".Reebok India had on May 22 lodged a first information report (FIR) with Gurgaon Police, alleging that its former MD Subhinder Singh Prem and ex-COO Vishnu Bhagat had \"stolen\" products by setting up \"secret warehouses\", fudged accounts and indulged in fictitious sales to lead to a Rs 870 crore to the company. Both the accused denied the allegations and applied for anticipatory bail, which was rejected by a city court last Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13724206", "title": "Akshay Kumar &amp; Shah Rukh Khan bond over Rowdy Rathore", "text": "On Thursday night, when the film fraternity was either at Shabina Khan's residence or at Ketnav theatre to watch Akshay Kumar's latest release Rowdy Rathore, there was a very special, private screening being held at Mannat.TOI has learnt that Akshay and wife Twinkle were special guests of Shah Rukh Khan and Gauri, as the two couples spent an evening of great bonhomie watching Rowdy Rathore . Readers may recall, at a recent IPL match Askhay and SRK had chatted briefly and later partied together at Prabhu Dheva's house. The obvious camaraderie the two actors have been sharing of late has led industry watchers to believe, that this could well be the beginning of a new friendship in B-town.Though they were never really competitors, Akshay and SRK were not the best of pals either. In fact, after Shah Rukh's close friend Farah Khan decided to cast Akshay in her project Tees Maar Khan, the two actors were pitted as rivals by the media. According to a source close to the families, their significant others - Gauri and Twinkle respectively, have been instrumental in breaking the ice. \" Gauri Khan, Twinkle Khanna and Sussane Roshan, are now seriously pursuing interior designing and styling as a profession. And that has brought them together. The three women have been spending a lot of time together because of their common interests. Needless to say, this has also brought their husbands closer. Both Shah Rukh and Akshay are in a happy phase right now - one with his IPL victory and the other with his recent success of Housefull 2 and Rowdy Rathore. They have put their past differences behind,\" said the source. On Thursday evening, the mood at Mannat was warm. \"Akshay sincerely wanted SRK to watch the film. And that is why he organised the special screening,\" said the source. We hear the Kumars could not stay on after the film due to prior commitments, but have decided to catch up with the Khans again over the weekend.Will this friendship culminate into yet another Dil To Pagal Hai? Only time will tell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13715976", "title": "Annapurna group gives aid to kin of accident victims", "text": "PUNE: Annapurna Pariwar, a group of six sister organisations that work for the empowerment of the poor, gave Rs 24,000 to the families that lost their members in the May 28 accident near the Khalapur toll plaza on the Pune-Mumbai expressway.The families, mainly from Yerawada and Laxminagar, had gone to Ghatkopar to attend a wedding.They were returning to Pune when a speeding truck rammed the minibus carrying some people from the wedding party. The bus had stopped on the expressway due to a punctured tyre. As many as 27 people were killed and 29 others were injured in the accident. The newly married couple survived, since they were travelling in a separate vehicle.Financial assistance of Rs 24,300 was given to the families, said a statement issued by the Annapurna Pariwar here on Friday. The statement said that though the accident got much publicity, no one came forward to give financial help to the families affected.Annapurna's members and their families were among the victims, including Nirmala Srikant Kamble, her husband and daughter. Sunita Anil Shinde, who lost her young daughter in the accident, is also a member. Members Laxmi Bandu Kamble and Sheetal Rajendra Mane are undergoing treatment in a local hospital under the supervision of Annapurna's healthcare staff. Besides this, some of the affected members were covered under Annapurna's insurance scheme.Annapurna members along with their chairperson Medha Purao Samant visited members of the bereaved families. tnnThe statement said that Eknath Bahule, the bridegroom, has alleged that some people were out to brand his wife Manisha as unlucky. However, he said he is not superstitious and intends to stand by her. The Annapurna Pariwar appealed to the relatives of the family not to condemn Manisha for this misfortune and presented her with a sari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13715272", "title": "BJP's two grand old men's last gambit", "text": "AHMEDABAD: One is 82 and the other 84. And this may well be their last gambit against Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi. L K Advani is two years older than Keshubhai Patel and probably needs more fuel because his final frontier is still two years away - in 2014, when the next Lok Sabha elections are due. For Keshubhai, the challenge is more immediate as he aims to trip Modi's bid to secure a third straight assembly win later this year.Ironically, 10 years back, it was Advani who had dethroned Keshubhai and brought in Modi as chief minister. That was sweet revenge for Modi as it was Keshubhai who had got him banished from Gujarat, blaming him for the earlier rebellion led by Shankersinh Vaghela.Vaghela and Keshubhai, though in different parties now, meet each other often at the Ahmedabad airport's VIP lounge. Vaghela touches Keshubhai's feet, as has been his habit for many decades. On the contrary, Modi avoids the VIP lounge if he finds Keshubhai there. Even Advani feels that Modi has no respect left for someone who was his political patron.Without Advani's support, Modi had no chance of becoming chief minister. But now, the unfulfilled desire of the former deputy PM to head the Union government has suffered a blow because of Modi's own prime ministerial ambitions.There are two grand old men in the way of Modi's design for 2012 and 2014. And it does not seem to be so much about grabbing power. It is more about wresting it from their backroom boy who has fast emerged as the face of BJP .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13719304", "title": "Vijay Mallya seeks clear aviation policy", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Vijay Mallya , president of the Aeronautical Society of India (ASI), emphasized the need for a clear aviation policy that promotes healthy investment. He was addressing the 63rd annual general body meeting of the ASI here on Friday.Calling it a long-felt need of the industry, he said the International Civil Aviation Organization had found that for every US $100 spent on air transport, the economy showed benefits worth US $325, and that 100 additional jobs in air transport produced 610 new jobs elsewhere.He said despite the mind-boggling statistics on air travel in the last decade, the number of trips undertaken per capita in India still remained low (0.04) compared to 0.25 in Brazil, 0.54 in Malaysia and 0.15 in China.\"Even though the potential for growth is immense, India's air operators are facing adverse financial and operating environment. In order to realize its true potential, issues of taxation, user development fee and other input costs need to be addressed,\" he said.P S Veeraraghavan, director, VSSC, who was awarded this year's National Aeronautical Prize, said ISRO had developed Asia's fastest computing facilities in-house. ISRO has good analysis capabilities like PARAS-3D, which analyses accurately the fluid flow and interaction of aero thermodynamics.He urged industries, academicians and the aerospace community to focus on thermo-physics and heat transfer studies in view of the upcoming challenges in the area of launch vehicles using cryogenic, semi-cryogenic systems as well as the futuristic missions in near space as well as deep space explorations. A national conference on advances in thermo-physics and heat transfer in aerospace (ASET) is being organized as part of the programme on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13713548", "title": "New IAF vice-chief, Western Air Command take charge", "text": "NEW DELHI: In two crucial appointments in IAF on Friday, Air Marshal D C Kumaria took over as the new vice-chief, while Air Marshal Arup Raha assumed command of the Western Air Command (WAC). Air Marshal Raha is tipped to take over as the IAF chief from Air Chief Marshal N A K Browne when he retires in December, 2013.Both Air Marshals Kumaria and Raha have been top-gun fighter pilots during their long careers, with the former commanding a Jaguar maritime strike squadron and the latter a MiG-29 squadron. Apart from command and staff appointments, both have also served abroad as defence and air attaches.While the strategically-located WAC, which stretches from Ladakh to Bikaner, is IAF's premier command, the IAF vice-chief handles all operations of the force. Commissioned in June 1973, Air Marshal Kumaria flew all variants of MiG-21 fighters before being among the first batch of pilots chosen to \"convert\" to the Jaguars in the UK. He was also the first assistant chief of air staff operations (space) and the first director-general air (operations) at the Air HQs before he commanded the WAC.Air Marshal Raha was commissioned in December, 1974, and was commanding the Allahabad-based Central Air Command before being appointed as the new WAC chief. He served as the military attache in the Indian embassy at Kiev, Ukraine, from 1999 to 2001.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13733415", "title": "Ruchika Girhotra case: Family gives up fight against ex-Haryana DGP", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The family of Ruchika Girhotra, a minor girl who allegedly committed suicide after molestation by former Haryana director general of police (DGP) SPS Rathore, has given up its fight for justice in the court of law after 22 years.The special CBI court Panchkula on Friday accepted the closure report submitted by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) in two cases - attempt to murder and forgery of documents- filed against former Haryana DGP SPS Rathore.Ruchika's father Subhash and brother Ashu raised no objection to the closure report.Admitting that he was not in a position to pursue the matter further, Subhash said, \"I do not see any hope now. We feel cheated. My family is vulnerable. The circumstances have pushed us back by 20 years.\"\"When Rathore was convicted in 2009, I met union home minister P C Chidambaram who assured me of justice. I thought time and system had changed and dared to move fresh complaints against Rathore.\" On January 12, 2010 the CBI registered three fresh FIRs against Rathore - attempt to murder, abetment to suicide and doctoring of documents. However, in November 2010, the CBI submitted the closure report in two cases. The closure report was accepted by the court on Friday.\"But now after finding that the system cannot be changed, we decided not to pursue it further,\" Girhotra said.Ruchika's disillusioned father said that he had presented a lot of material and some witnesses related to the fresh cases before the agency. \"But the agency was adamant on closing the case.\"Subhash forced his son and family into exile after Ruchika's death, fearing further harassment at the hands of the former DGP. During this period, the family shifted between several cities and returned to Panchkula many years later only to lead an inconspicuous life.The third case against Rathore- abetment to suicide - is still pending. The CBI could not file any report as the Punjab and Haryana high court has ordered status quo on it. Besides Rathore, former Ambala SP KP Singh, sub-inspector Prem Dutt and assistant sub-inspectors Jai Narayan and Sewa Singh were also named in the FIR.In its closure report, the CBI has said that the allegations levelled by Subhash Girhotra and his son Ashu against Rathore were unfounded. The CBI also claimed that the allegations could not be substantiated \"as per the documentary evidence and oral testimony of witnesses.\"Ruchika Case---TimelineAugust 12, 1990-- SPS Rathore, then IG and President, Haryana Lawn Tennis Association (HLTA) molested RuchikaSeptember 1990--Ruchika expelled from school for 'indiscipline' following her allegations against RathoreSeptember 3, 1990-- An Inquiry report indicts RathoreOctober 23, 1993-- Ruchika's brother arrested in several theft casesDecember 28, 1993-- Ruchika consumed poisonous substanceDecember 29, 1993-- Ruchika diedAugust 21, 1998-- High Court directs CBI to conduct inquiryDecember 21, 2009-- CBI court sentenced six months' rigorous imprisonment to RathoreJanuary 12, 2010-- CBI registered three fresh FIRs leveling charges of attempt to murder, abetment to suicide and doctoring documentsNovember 10, 2010-- CBI filed closure", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13714166", "title": "Gurgaon cops recover 65 stolen bikes, 4 held", "text": "GURGAON: With the arrest of four people, the Gurgaon police claimed to have busted a bike-lifters' gang in the city. While one of the members is an ex-employee of Maruti Suzuki India Ltd , the other three are students.Police recovered 65 stolen twowheelers in one of the biggest hauls made by the city police in recent times, claimed officers. Police have also detained one Lokesh of Jhajjar for purchasing the bikes.Acting on a tip-off that two members of the the gang were waiting for the others near Himgiri Chowk on Thursday, the special cell of the Gurgaon police reached the spot and arrested the two accused along with a stolen bike. The two were identified as Amit Kumar, a resident of Patoda village of Jhajjar district, and Virendra alias Vikki, a resident of Jaitpur village of Rewari district.Amit was the leader of the gang and was allegedly working as a labourer with Maruti about nine months ago. He apparently took to stealing bikes after being sacked from the company. During the course of the interrogation, the two accused disclosed the names of the two other members and the police arrested them from Fazilpur. They have been identified as Pradeep, a resident of Fazilpur Badli, and Ashish alias Ashu, a resident of Palam in Delhi.While Virendra and Pradeep were studying at DSD Government College in Gurgaon, Ashish is a matriculate and his father is working as a head constable with Delhi Police, said Sanjeev Balhara, chief of the special cell. The accused told the police that the bikes were stolen from Gurgaon in the past one year. \"The accused used to sell the stolen two-wheelers for as low as Rs 4,000 to Rs 7,000.We have taken them on two days' remand,\" said Maheshwar Dayal, DCP (crime).Balhara added that the accused started stealing bikes to entertain their girlfriends. \"They used the bikes mostly for joyrides. All the accused are below the age of 22 years,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13719314", "title": "Movie buffs miss 'Thursday charm'", "text": "INDORE: \"The mood will never be the same....,\" say movie buffs who used to enjoy new releases of movies on Thursdays. They rejoiced the fact that Indore was one of the privileged cities in the country to have seen the movies on Thursdays. However, the advent of multiplexes, the joy has become a thing of the past.As TOI spoke with a number of movie-goers of the yore, a sense of nostalgia was evident. People said that when film used to release on Thursdays, their joys were double as they were among the select few to watch them first. Now, things have changed and Friday doesn't excite them any more.Rajkumar Solanki, 61, said, \"Film-watching used to be an exclusive experience during those days. We could feel the joys of 'first day first show' as we were indeed the first to give feedback to our friends and likeminded people in other parts of the country where the movies were released the next day.\" Bunty Sharma, 45, is reminiscent of the crowds which films used to attract on Thursdays. He says, \"I remember, many shops used to remain closed on Thursdays in wait of the new release.But yes, if it leads to a better system, then may be the change is for the better.\" Babita Kaushal, 44, is not bothered whether it is a Thursday or Friday. She says, \"It is immaterial when the film releases. We enjoy films with our entire family and as long as we have fun together.\"Jitendra Jain, Secretary of Central Circuit Cine Associationcomprising of Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh and Chattisgarh takes note of the change from Thursday to Friday. \"The technique of film-release has changed.Unlike earlier, now films release simultaneously in more than 2000 cinemas across India. This move has deterred video piracy,Having ushered in uniformity, it also ensures that the trend of word-of-mouth publicity doesn't affect a film's revenues\" he says.Shriram Tamrakar, a professor and film expert, highlights the commercial aspect of this change. \"Indore falls in central Indian circuit of cinema halls. Earlier, cinema-hall owners used to be film distributors as well. They used to pressure film producers to release the film a day prior to the nationwide day in their circuit.\"As this happened, the inside information of the films' box-office performance used to spread to other parts of the country. The reports and reviews of films made the producers incur losses as other distributors used to buy lesser stakes in the films if they were negative or unfavourable. This led to films releasing on Friday, just as they used to in rest of the country\", he tells.Ashish Kansal, unit manager, Satyam Cineplexes, brings another aspect to the fore. \"It is better if films release on Friday. Earlier, when Thursday used to be the release-day, the word of mouth helped to propagate the reaction of the audiences. In today's ageof advanced technology and stronger media, a prior release will translate into unfair advantage to the film fraternity. Or it can be detrimental to them if the movie flops on box-office.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13717696", "title": "Pak Parliament turns into boxing ring", "text": "Pakistani opposition lawmakers and members of the treasury benches on Friday engaged in fisticuffs as finance minister Abdul Hafeez Shaikh presented the government's new budget in parliament amidst uproar. Members of the main opposition PML-N, who were protesting against power cuts and corruption during Shaikh's speech, scuffled with lawmakers of the ruling Pakistan People's Party in the National Assembly or lower house of parliament.2 US officers back in Pak: PentagonAfter a tense seven month stand-off, Pakistan has allowed two US military liaison officers back on its turf, a move largely seen as a small but \"significant\" sign of cooperation. Denying reports that US trainers are back in Pakistan, the Pentagon clarified that it was two liaison officers, who had returned for coordination purposes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13712482", "title": "High Court rejects 1993 blasts convict's parole plea", "text": "MUMBAI: The high court rejected the plea of Abdul Ghani Ismail Turk, sentenced to death in the 1993 serials blasts case, seeking his release on parole for a day to attend his daughter's wedding.The public prosecutor opposed the plea saying the venue for the wedding was in Dongri and taking Turk there would be a risky proposition. He also said the ceremony would take place from 7pm to 11pm and Turk would have to be released for two days as the prison won't take him back after 4pm. The judges said it would not be proper for the HC to grant Turk's plea as his appeal is pending before the SC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13736937", "title": "I can't wait to get back to Akhil: Viswanathan Anand", "text": "Congratulations are pouring in from all quarters for the fifth time World Champ, Viswanathan Anand , who's accepting the accolades graciously in Moscow as his phone is constantly engaged. But, Vishy manages to squeeze some time for an exclusive chat with TOI. What follows is a pleasant conversation, seedhe dil se...So, you have decided to make an unbreakable record of multiple championships...(Laughs) I really don't look at the tournaments, keeping records in mind. For me, each game is a new challenge, which has to be dealt with rationally and systematically. At that time, every other thought fades into oblivion.This tourney saw many draws. Did you ever have those teeny-weeny thoughts of niggling doubts?It was certainly a tough match and I was aware that it could go anywhere. One little fault and things could go out of my hand. But then, I looked beyond those niggling thoughts and focussed all my energies on the game, and I'm glad it paid off.To whom do you dedicate this win?A win is a win, which is about that particular moment. So, I have never really dedicated it to anyone formally. But yes, it's the support of my family, friends and support team, which has played a major role.Was your son Akhil with you in Russia?No, he's back home with his grandparents. In fact it's been weeks since I and my wife Aruna saw him. So, right now, the reigning thought in my mind is to go back home and celebrate life and my win with Akhil. Both of us are now impatient to get back to him and spend time with him. We never left him alone for so long!And what role has Aruna played in this win?She's been an inspiration for me. She manages my entire schedule and takes care of all the mundane and major problems, so that I can focus on my game. This was a tough tournament, but Aruna's serene presence had a calming influence, which helped a great deal.You have notched another amazing victory, but your Chennai Team lost the IPL. Any words of solace for skipper MS Dhoni?So what if Chennai lost! At least they reached the finals! I'm sure Dhoni will notch many more victories in the coming season.You had told us sometime back, that Madhuri Dixit Nene is your fave actress. Now that she's back in B'town, would you be game, if you are offered a film opposite her?(Grins) Of course, I will be game, but I will have to stay in India for that period. So, I really hope there are no tournaments around if such a project is ever finalised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13716392", "title": "Water shortage, lack of parking space ail paying guests", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With estate office's drive to check proper facilities at paying guest (PG) accommodations drying up, problems abound for hundreds of students living in different parts of the city. Water shortage and inadequate parking space has become a common grouse in most areas.This summer, those staying as PG are finding it difficult to get even their daily quota of drinking water although the daily supply of water has been increased by an hour. And this goes for posh sectors like 8, 9, 10, 11 or the known PG hubs like sectors 15, 22, 34 or 35.\"I shifted to Sector 11 thinking that there won't be any shortage of water in this area but I have realized that due to low water pressure, the regular supply comes either very early in the morning or late at night,\" said Shabnam Khatri, a student at Panjab University.Amandeep Singh, a PG in Sector 15, said, \"I have to park my car outside a park, which is quite far from my PG, as there is no space for parking outside the house.\" He added that there is always a chaos in his street due to unmanaged parking by the residents.A majority of these premises are not registered as PGs. Hence, the owners usually sign a rent deed with these students. In some rented accommodations in Sector 15, as many as 10 girls share one washroom, although only two girls are allowed in one room as per the guidelines issued by estate office. A student staying there rued, \"By the time my turn comes to use the washroom there is no water left for me and there are five more girls to go.\"Due to small size of houses, the landlords don't allow their PGs to park their cars inside the house and neigbours have problems if these are left outside.A UT official said the drive against unregistered PGs will soon be resumed. \"On receiving any complaints, the field staff keeps checking such premises to ensure that norms are not flouted,\" he said.PG accommodations are allowed only in those residential properties, which are sanctioned as per building bylaws and no unauthorized construction has taken place after the grant of completion certificate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13717846", "title": "Civic body barking up wrong tree?", "text": "MUMBAI: The pre-monsoon work may have been completed, but private housing societies have been a major worry for the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC). Since trees in private housing complexes do not fall within its jurisdiction, the civic body has left them out of the pre-monsoon work. But it has started sending notices to housing societies in each ward, warning them about dangerous trees on their premises.Civic officials claim that housing societies have not been cooperating. \"We cannot do anything as parks inside housing societies do not come under our jurisdiction. All we can do is send them notices. Generally, civic officials are not taken seriously by housing societies. They should follow guidelines to prevent mishaps,\" said a senior gardens department official.The civic body maintains that provisions have been made in each ward to respond to complaints of housing societies . \"In case residents feel a tree in their society has dangerously inclined, they can report it to the junior tree officer in their ward. The officer will survey the tree and make suggestions. The tree authority will then decide if it has to be cut.\"Some housing societies TOI spoke to blame the civic body's lackadaisical attitude for the logjam. Clarence Gomes, president, Bandra Residents' Action Group, said, \"BMC has got its facts wrong. It's absolutely the opposite in Bandra, where there are many dangerous trees that may cause problems during the monsoon. We have approached the BMC to get them cut, but it takes them three to four months to respond. We are ready to cut the trees ourselves, but the BMC has to give us permission.\"Ashok Pandit, chairperson, Gulmohar Area Societies Welfare Group, said, \"We have only asked the tree authority to inform us if they are trimming or cutting down any tree in the area as many have been hacked to benefit builders . In the past, the tree authority has given permission to cut down healthy trees that are in no way a danger to anyone. This is the only reason we keep a watch on them.\"Times ViewSquabbling over jurisdiction issues in a matter of life and death is just not on. The BMC cannot wash its hands of the problem just because a potentially dangerous tree happens to be inside the compound of a private housing society. The BMC and individual housing societies should come together in every neighbourhood to draw up a list of trees that can prove dangerous during rains and complete trimming work before monsoon hits Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13711403", "title": "Anti-Corruption Bureau focus on liquor hits probe in other cases", "text": "HYDERABAD: Thanks to the Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB)'s liquor mafia probe, corrupt government officers in all other departments are having a gala time. As ACB has dedicated its entire staff to the investigation into liquor mafia, the agency's performance in regular work has hit an all-time low and in the first five months ACB sleuths have managed to register only two disproportionate assets cases.Traditionally, under the Prevention of Corruption Act, the main areas that ACB deals with are trap and DA cases and several high profile cases which brought the agency under media limelight like those of former OSD Sarveshwar Reddy and former executive engineer of fisheries department Elugubanti Suryanarayana.However, since ACB began probing into irregularities related to liquor syndicate, there has been sudden decline in registration of similar cases.ACB started probing into liquor syndicate after nabbing excise officials who were in possession of Rs 3.62 lakh bribe amount at Karimnagar town on December 13, 2011. After conducting searches at 300 liquor shops and several syndicate offices across the state, ACB booked first case in relation to liquor syndicates on January 25, 2012. Since then, ACB has booked more cases, arrested excise, police, revenue department personnel and syndicate leaders.Subsequently, a Special Investigation Team (SIT) was formed to probe into the scam and at this point, majority of the bureau's staff has been roped into the probe. As of now, out of the five joint directors working with the agency, four are spending their energy on the liquor probe and the staff in all the districts is completely focusing on the investigation as ACB has to submit a probe status report to the high court on June 11.The negative side of this 'special focus' is that probe into other areas is badly affected. Till the end of May 2012, ACB managed to book only 30 trap cases and just 2 DA cases at a monthly average of 6 trap and 0.4 DA cases. The figures are way below the last three years average for the same categories, which are 17 trap cases and 6 DA cases per month.Admitting that there is a steep decline in trap and DA cases, ACB DG B Prasada Rao said that the agency will pay special attention to these issues once they submit the liquor syndicate probe report to the high court on June 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "13719640", "title": "United Naga Council, Zeliangrong bodies call for peace", "text": "IMPHAL: Taking note of the gunfight between NSCN(IM) and the Zeliangrong United Front (ZUF) rebels in Tamenglong, the United Naga Council (UNC) has stated that such incidents have become a hurdle in the ongoing Naga reconciliation process.In a statement, the UNC said the incident that took place at Ejeirong on Wednesday came as a rude shock in the face of the reconciliation movement among the Naga political groups initiated by the Forum for Naga Reconciliation (FNR).Pointing out that the incident has caused widespread insecurity and panic among the civil populace of the area, the statement appealed to both parties to exercise utmost restraint and make use of space for dialogue and communication to ensure non-recurrence of such incidents in the future.The statement expressed gratitude to churches and Zeliangrong civil bodies for their intervention in normalizing the situation and retrieving the bodies of the two deceased ZUF cadres from the spot. It prayed that the Christian spirit of love and forgiveness, peace and goodwill prevail among the Naga brethren.Hordes of Zeliangrong bodies including the Zeliangrong Union (ZU) of Assam , Manipur and Nagaland (AMN) and the Rongmei Naga Council, Manipur (RNCM) and Rongmei Lu Phuam (AMN) categorically expressed shock and deep regret over the Tamenglong gunfight.In a joint statement Thuankubui Pamei and Panti Gonmei, presidents of RNCM and RLP (AMN) appealed to all groups operating in Zeihlat region to shun violence, hatred and enmity and to refrain from genocide and factional fight. The bodies also urged them to maintain peace, cordiality and mutual respect for each other in the interest of the public.Zeliangrong Union (AMN), in a separate statement, too appealed to the armed cadres to give up violence and instead maintain peace in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "13713897", "title": "Rahul Gandhi doesn't have calibre to run govt: Subramaniam Swamy", "text": "YAVATMAL: Despite his passive and spineless role, UPA doesn't have any alternative to Manmohan Singh as prime minister. \"If Singh is forced to step down, there is every possibility for Rahul Gandhi to become his successor. But Rahul doesn't have the intellectual calibre to run a government,\" said national president of Janata Party Dr Subramaniam Swamy .He was addressing a public gathering at Dr CD Datey Memorial lecture series at Abhayankar Girls School on Thursday evening.Swamy has tried to expose the hidden agenda of UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi and accused her of pulling the string from behind the curtain and her involvement in all the corruptions that have been exposed in the recent past. She has one lakh 76 thousand crore amount in her bank accounts, he said and wanted to know where from she got this much huge amount.India has signed a contract to buy planes from France even though there is no country to buy it. The main reason is that wife of the former president of France and Sonia hail from Itally and the deal is for reaching undue advantage to the French Company, he said.Explaining his stand on 2G scam and the case pending before the court, Swamy said that he sought permission from the Prime Minister to sue his cabinet ministers A Raja and P Chidambaram. \"But even after writing five letters, the PM did not pay any attention to it and he ignored my request at the behest of Sonia Gandhi. I then approached the Supreme Court for a direction which forced PM to grant me the permission. Ironically, the government-controlled CBI sheltered Chidambaram. But very soon, the court will direct the CBI to make Chidambaram as the co-accused in the 2G case,\" he said, adding, \"Even the PM would be brought to the witness box as a key witness in the case. By December 2012, Chidambaram would also be sent behind the bars.\"While touching the anti-corruption movement of Anna Hazare and his team, Swamy said, 'I differ with Anna Hazare in one issue - he believes that corruption can be curbed only if there is a Jan Lokpal which is not correct. The law of the land is fully capable of curbing the corruption through the intervention of the judiciary process and even a lay man can seek justice from the court of law and get the guilty punished through the court.\"\"Sonia Gandhi might have become the prime minister if Dr APJ Abdul Kalam was not in the august office of the President of India,\" he said and pleaded for the renomination of Kalam as the President.Sonia is the most corrupt person in the country and she has covert connection with CIA, ISI and LTTE , Swamy alleged and cast aspersion over her role in Rajiv Gandhi assassination case. He also posed a question if an Indian widow would send her daughter to the assassins of her deceased husband. (Sonia sent Priyanka to the convicted assassins of Rajiv Gandhi and pardoned them)The so-called economic reforms made by the UPA Government have eroded our long cherished moral values and the chase for physical development would destabilize the country, he said and added that the corruption and hoarding of black money are the outcome of this make belief economic reforms.\"The westerners are promoting Sanskrit and Yoga to attain development and mental peace. But we Indians turn a blind eye to it. A dynamic India is possible only if we go for the ideology of a strong Hindutva commitment,\" he said.He did not spare the MNS chief Raj Thakeray and said that the DNA of Raj and a taxi man from UP or Bihar is the same as the fake label of 'Ariyan' or 'Dravidian' is nothing but foolishness and hypocrisy.The sitting MP Bhavana Gawali, sitting MLA Sanjay Rathod, Shankarlal Kothari, officials of the library and urban bank were prominently present on the dais.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13719962", "title": "Tarun Gogoi in Bangalore to select site for Assam Bhawan", "text": "GUWAHATI: Spurred by the state's stable financial condition and anticipation of higher plan assistance from the Centre this time, chief minister Tarun Gogoi has embarked on a mission to look for land in Bangalore to build an Assam Bhawan there.The chief minister's office said Gogoi left for Bangalore from New Delhi on Friday and he will be visiting some locations in the southern city to select a site for the proposed Assam Bhawan. On Saturday, Gogoi will be meeting the Planning Commission to finalise the state's annual plan for the year 2012-13.The state government has taken on the ambitious plan of building Assam Bhawans in Chennai, Vellore and Shillong as well and the process has been initiated. Construction of Assam Bhawans at Gurgaon in Haryana and at Salt Lake in Kolkata is also under consideration of the government and all these proposals have been incorporated in the budget for the current fiscal.At present, the state has Assam Houses and Assam Bhawans in Kolkata, Mumbai and New Delhi.In March this year, Gogoi had presented the general budget in the house with an anticipated central plan assistance. The government is expecting a central plan allocation of at least Rs 14,000 crore against the last plan size of Rs 9,000 crore.The state's tax growth rate has been showing encouraging growth and registered a growth rate of 33% in 2011-12 over the previous financial year. The sound financial position of the state has helped it get through the last fiscal without having to do any market borrowings. The state's per capita debt is about Rs 8,000 against the national per capita debt of about Rs 12,000 while the state's borrowings till date stand at about Rs 23,000 crore.Bangalore is one of the most popular destinations for people of the state, mostly students and professionals, to settle down in after New Delhi. The Assam Bhawan in Mumbai is rendering valuable service to people from the state going to Mumbai for treatments at various hospitals, mostly for cancer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "13716389", "title": "Kin send papers to get Kirpal Singh released from Pak jail", "text": "AMRITSAR: Finally, Kirpal Singh's relatives have sent a special power of attorney to Pakistan's prominent rights activist Awais Sheikh, authorizing him to take all possible legal actions, including meeting Kirpal Singh, filing mercy petition, etc., for his release from gallows. Sheikh is also counsel of another Indian on death row in Pakistan, Sarabjit Singh.Ashwani Kumar, nephew of Kirpal Singh, told TOI on Friday that on the directions of Sheikh, he had sent a special power of attorney to him. \"I am hopeful that Sheikh will now take up the case of Kirpal Singh, along with that of Sarabjit Singh , at every level,\" he said.Kirpal Singh had crossed over to Pakistan on February 29, 1992 and was arrested on charges of carrying out a bomb explosion and spying. He was sentenced to death. Later Pakistan's high court had acquitted him of bomb blast charges but didn't rescind his death sentence in spying case.Kumar said that in a recent letter, Kirpal Singh had mentioned that he was still being subjected to inhuman treatment and humiliation, just because he belongs to an \"enemy\" country. In his letter, Kirpal had stated that jail authorities often strip Indian prisoners.\"The jail staff openly say that they will torture us since we are from an enemy country,\" wrote Kirpal in his letter. He has urged his relatives to take up his case at the highest level to generate pressure on Pakistan government for his early release.Pleading innocence, Kirpal in his letter wrote that he didn't know Urdu, but was forced to sign statements which he never understood. \"They pulled up my nails, gave me electric shocks and even served cow meat,\" wrote he.Jagir Kaur, sister of Kirpal Singh, said she was hopeful that Sheikh would give equal treatment to his brother as that of Sarabjit Singh. \"I wish both of them are released together from the jail,\" said she.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13713408", "title": "Tribunal to enforce education act", "text": "KOLKATA: The state government has decided to set up a Right to Education Protection Authority (REPA) to enforce Section 31 of Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education Act, 2009 (RTE). West Bengal will be the fourth state to set up such a tribunal.\"Government and government-aided schools apart, private schools will also fall under the purview of the RTE Act and be bound by its provisions,\" said education minister Bratya Basu. \"The aggrieved can lodge a complaint on the school education department website in order to maintain anonymity. All complaints will be referred to the tribunal that will start an inquiry and take necessary measures. If private schools hold admission tests for admitting children or taking donations in lieu of seats, the tribunal will probe it,\" added Basu.REPA will be headed by a seven-member committee and chaired by former Justice Sadhan Gupta. Suhas Chattopadhyay will be its registrar. Once the state commission for child protection is set up, REPA will be dismantled.The state government has also fixed June 30 as the deadline for private primary schools to apply for recognition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13712433", "title": "Bandh gives Mumbaikars four-day weekend break", "text": "MUMBAI: Ganesh Puro, who runs a bed and breakfast facility in Alibaug was ecstatic with what unravelled this week. End of May is when the flow of tourists peters out, but for this weekend, he has 40 bookings and is having to decline the rest.Thursday morning, the day of the Bharat bandh, several Mumbaikars headed out to hill and beach resorts across Maharashtra, to enjoy an extended four-day weekend.Vrushali Deo and her husband used the occasion to have some fun on the last of their weekend outings this summer. \"At a time when the children's summer vacations are drawing to an end, the bandh gave us added mileage for more fun. We were able to prolong our holiday at our favourite destination,\" said Deo, who is holidaying at a Vengurla beach resort.\"Our earlier booking was from Friday. However, we anticipated there would be no work owing to the bandh. Even if there was, we could work while being away from office. So, we managed to advance our booking. We left on Wednesday evening itself, instead of Thursday evening,\" said Deo, who works with a private firm in Andheri.For government employee Abhinay Saxena, a half-holiday on bandh day helped him reach Mahabaleshwar a day before. \"Our resort helped us extend the bookings by a day,\" he said.According to Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC) joint MD Dilip Shinde, destinations like Tarkarli, Vengurla, Ganpatipule and Mahabaleshwar witnessed over 90% bookings Thursday onwards.\"People did not forego the chance to add a day to their earlier plan. We tried to facilitate rooms for tourists for Thursday,\" said Shinde.\"Matheran, Karla-Lonavala, Tadoba and Malshej Ghat too saw impressive bookings from Thursday,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13711628", "title": "BCCI eyeing big money from IPL title rights", "text": "NEW DELHI: Buoyed by the success of Indian Premier League's Season 5, the Indian cricket board (BCCI) is hoping to more than double its revenue from the title sponsorship of the T20 bonanza.BCCI made Rs 200 crore in the first five years (Rs 40 crore per year) from the title sponsorship which will be up for grabs soon. The board is now looking to make at least Rs 100 crore per season which will come to a whopping Rs 500 cr between 2013 and 2017.Sources in the BCCI told TOI that some companies have shown interest in buying the title sponsorship with a telecom company offering Rs 80 cr per year.According to the sources, BCCI will soon float a tender for the title rights, with the base price expected to be close to Rs 75 cr a season. After the bids, DLF, title sponsor for the last five years, will get the first right of refusal. If the real estate giant decides not to continue with the sponsorship, the highest bidder will get the right.Besides title sponsorship, BCCI is also expecting to make more money by selling slots for the associate partner, pouring partner, umpires partner, hotel and airline partners. Five years ago, IPL had signed a deal worth Rs 90 cr with Hero Honda as associate partner, with Pepsico for Rs 50 cr as official pouring partner and with Kingfisher for Rs 106 crore as umpires partner. ITC was the hotel partner and Kingfisher the airline partner.Since all the sponsorship and partnerships come to end after this year's IPL, the board is going to float fresh tenders for all IPL rights. All put together, BCCI is hoping to make between Rs 1,000 to Rs 1,500 crore by selling these rights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13714288", "title": "Forced to stop drive due to protests: Nashik Municipal Corporation", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) is planning to introduce water audit to tackle leakages and thefts in various parts of the city as the civic body estimates that around 25% of water is being pilfered off by people.The civic body had in fact started a campaign to halt water pilferage. But the Nashik Municipal Corporation's campaign against water leakages and water thefts came to a halt with the residents of several areas protesting against the move by the department. \"We had to call it off because of protests and accusations against our staff by the women in the areas,\" NMC superintendent engineer R K Pawar said.There have been issues and the municipal corporation was unable to carry out the drive against water thefts and leakages as well because the residents would not allow the officers and the employees to enter the houses to inspect the water connections. \"The women of some areas threatened to file cases of molestation against the officials after which the drive has been stopped. We have sought the help of police for the drive and are waiting for their response,\" Pawar said.The residents of Torna Nagar and other areas protested against water supply department when they had gone for inspection in the area. Surprisingly, none of the corporators came forth to defend the water supply officials' move of trying to prevent water leakages. An official said that the action was carried out only for four days in which 20 motors were confiscated and Rs 3,500 recovered from the residents as penalty for either pumping in the water supply through pipelines or even having illegal connections.However, when asked about the leakages at pumping stations and at the valves, the officer said that it was because of wear and tear from operations. When pointed out that a valve near water cess collection centre at Ambad water tank was leaking for seven months and the case of other areas was no different, the officer said that the regular maintenance was being done and leakages would be plugged soon.When asked if the employees of the NMC would be charged for the loss of water, as the common man was to be charged for Rs 100, the official declined to comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13713656", "title": "CBI will give clean chit to PM: Team Anna", "text": "NEW DELHI: Team Anna and Baba Ramdev orchestrated a joint attack on Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Friday challenging him to submit to an independent probe in the coal block allocation scam.While activist Anna Hazare expressed lack of confidence in the PM, his colleagues dismissed the CBI probe recently ordered by the CVC on the coal block allocation as a \"sham\". Baba Ramdev too chose to question the PM saying that personal integrity was not enough and if the government was not corrupt it should bring the Lokpal Bill.Hazare, who a couple of days ago described the PM as an honest man, told reporters in Ratnagiri that he \"did not have faith\" in him and demanded an independent probe into coal block allocations made by him as minister in charge of coal. \"I had a strong belief in Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, but now I do not have faith in him,\" Hazare said.He was joined by Baba Ramdev, who alleged that if the government was not corrupt why they were dragging their feet in bringing black money back in the country. Ramdev, who is planning to sit on a token one-day fast on Sunday, asked, \"Everyone believes in the personal integrity of the PM but he is not holding a personal office but a constitutional one. He must be constitutionally and politically honest as well.\"Team Anna member Arvind Kejriwal described CBI as a \"complete puppet\" in the hands of the government. Dismissing the CBI probe as a \"sham\" Kejriwal said, \"The CBI is under the government. Here the Prime Minister is accused. How will the CBI investigate the Prime Minister? It is laughable, it is pretence. We know the outcome of this probe. It will say that the Prime Minister has not done anything wrong. It will give clean chit to Singh.\"Responding to PMO statement that government had decided to introduce competitive bidding in 2005 but the decision was delayed as it took time to develop consensus, Team Anna alleged that the PMO overruled coal secretary and delayed the decision to issue an ordinance.The PMO in its statement has said that coal blocks were not looked at as a source of revenue. But, Team Anna argued that this was a \"specious\" argument. \"Who took this decision to forgo this revenue? Coal secretary kept opposing allocation of coal blocks through screening committee that was rejected by the PMO,\" Team Anna said also adding that the same argument was used by former telecom minister A Raja regarding 2G spectrum.The activists also charged the PMO for its statement that said that demand for coal was increasing substantially and legislative changes would have taken a long time and so the screening committee was used to clear decisions. \"While up to 2005, a total of 75 coal blocks were allocated, this number went up to 145 from 2006 to 2009. Surprisingly, only one coal block has been allocated. Is the PMO saying the demand for coal was limited before 2005 and it increased suddenly between 2006 and 2010 and again came down to negligible after that. What are the factors that can explain such a trend in the economy?\" the statement asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13715437", "title": "Woman dies after her sari catches fire", "text": "CHENNAI: A 40-year-old woman, G Usha, died of burn injuries after her sari caught fire at Ayanavaram on Thursday. Her daughter and granddaughter were injured when they attempted to rescue her .Usha was cooking in the kitchen when her sari caught fire. Upon hearing her cries, her 20-year-old daughter, K Padmapriya, rushed to her mother's side.Her seven-month-old daughter Janani was on her shoulder when Padmapriya tried to douse the fire. Padmapriya and Janani too suffered burn injuries. Finally, the neighbours rescued the three.They were sent to Kilpauk Medical College Hospital (KMCH) for treatment. Usha's daughter and granddaughter are undergoing treatment at the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13719382", "title": "Devi Ahilya Vishwa Vidyalaya students afraid of losing placement opportunities", "text": "INDORE: Around 3,500 MBA students of Devi Ahilya Vishwa Vidyalaya (DAVV) are scared to lose their chances of getting placed, all thanks to the delay in the conduct of examination by the university. The examination of MBA III semester of DAVV has been delayed by two months and examination schedule is yet to be declared.In this connection, students met the vice-chancellor and other senior varsity officials on Friday.MBA student Prafull Shrivastav said that they fear to lose against the students of other university on placement because of the inactiveness of DAVV.\"Delay in III semester exam will also delay the final semester examination which should have been ideally finished by September, the time when placement season starts. Now our MBA course is likely to get over by December and we may miss out the chances of campus placement,\" he added.Pallavi Joshi, student of MBA III semester said that companies will not wait for the DAVV to complete its semester. With so many colleges around, companies will definitely skip our university during placement. It will seriously affect our prospect of getting jobs.Another MBA student Santosh Shukla said that even after their protest and meeting with the senior officials of DAVV, the university has not yet come up with the time table for examination. The university is playing with the future of the students, he alleged.When contacted, Prajul Khare, assistant registrar of DAVV told TOI that the examination of MBA III semester has been delayed because of the delay in declaration of evaluation result of MBA II second semester. As long as the result of II semester is not declared, examination for III semester can not be conducted. Though the varsity will soon declare the pending result and announce the examination time-table, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "things sure seem to get exciting in kairee", "code": "13735695", "title": "Ambi comes face to face with Mala in Kairee!", "text": "Things sure seem to get exciting in Kairee: Rishta Khatta Meetha on Colors TV. In the upcoming episodes, Ambi aka Preeti Chaudhary unknowingly helps her husband's ex lover.When Ambi and Jay ( Jay Bhanushali) visit the temple, Ambi comes across a helpless girl lying in one corner of the temple. A concerned Ambi decides to help her, not knowing that she is her husband's ex girlfriend Mala ( Leena Jumani). As a conversation ensues between the two, Mala will spill the beans and will confess her love story to Ambi.But luckily for Ambi, Mala does not reveal Raj's name at any point of time in the conversation. Ambi even goes a step further to help Mala by admitting her to the hospital when the latter faints!But what will happen once Mala finds out Ambi's true identity? Will their friendship survive?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "13713673", "title": "Project to save catchment areas of Meenachil soon", "text": "KOTTAYAM: A novel project to protect the catchment areas of the Meenachil and Manimala rivers is in the offing.The soil conservation department has started the survey and the preliminary report will be submitted to the government on June 20.\"The project, a part of the Kuttanad package, also covers Muvattupuzha, Achenkovil and Pampa rivers,\" says Premkumar P N, soil conservation officer who is heading the survey team.\"The main objective is to prevent soil erosion from catchment areas and to control sedimentation in Vembanad lake,\" he says.Under this project the banks of these rivers will also be protected using engineering as well as agrostological methods. Plants like vettiver (ramacham) and bamboo will be planted to prevent soil erosion.The project mainly aims at arresting erosion of soil. \"Check dams, contour bunds and other water harvesting structures will be constructed to prevent surface run-off,\" said Premkumar.He added that such actions would help in the free flow of water.\"This will in turn help in the cultivation of agricultural products and to minimize the scarcity of drinking water,\" he said.The team also visited Erumely where they examined the possibilities of preserving Erumely canal.Various possibilities like deepening the canal, constructing side walls and planting medicinal plants on the banks were also discussed.\"Protecting the catchment area of Meenachil river is crucial for people in Kottayam district as it is the only source of drinking water for over 10 lakh people in 42 panchayats and the municipalities of Kottayam and Pala. According to water authority department officials, people draw 55 million litres of water a day from the river for drinking purpose. By 2045, the requirement will rise to 280 million litres a day. So it's high time a well planned project was implemented,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "13728840", "title": "Admissions begin at MSU\u2019s Department of Psychology", "text": "VADODARA: M S University's Department of Psychology has started the admission process for the 2012-2013 batch of three post graduate diplomas from Friday. The department was waiting for the results of graduate courses to be declared before starting the admission process. The admissions have started for the post graduate diploma in human resources development, the post graduate diploma in clinical community psychology and the post-graduate diploma in clinical and applied hypnosis.Head and director of the Department of Psychology at the university's Faculty of Education and Psychology professor Urmi Biswas informed TOI that the department has started issuing application forms from Friday noon.\"Application forms for these post graduate diplomas of the current academic year will be available till June 25 between 12 noon to 2 pm from the psychology department office,\" she said.The eligibility for the post graduate diploma in human resource development and the post graduate diploma in clinical and community psychology is any graduate from any discipline from a recognized university.The eligibility for the post graduate diploma in clinical and applied hypnosis is masters of arts with psychology as major subject, bachelor of medicine and bachelor of surgery, bachelor of dental studies and bachelor of physiotherapy. \"The last date for submission of forms in June 25,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "13717583", "title": "Nagaland government issues order to stop 'illegal tax' collection", "text": "DIMAPUR: The Nagaland government on Friday said no organizations or any private parties will be allowed to collect any form of 'illegal taxes' on the highways and market places.The government said that despite various orders issued in the past, the practice continues unabated, especially in Dimapur. State chief secretary Lalthara, in an order issued on Thursday said unauthorized collection of money by various organizations and NGOs, registered or otherwise, is causing immense inconvenience to the public by way of increased prices.The chief secretary added that many associations are operating from kiosks near the highways and forcing commercial vehicles to pay them by way of membership or subscription or tax. The order said no organization will now be allowed to operate from offices or kiosks near the highways.Lalthara warned that any person, organization or NGO found collecting money illegally will be prosecuted under section 88 and 384 of the IPC.\"Any person or organizations aggrieved by the order shall make a request for exemption from the purview of this order in writing to the chief secretary with necessary documentary evidence in support of the grounds on which the exemption is sought,\" the order said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13714361", "title": "Mumbai leg hike to be steeper", "text": "NASHIK: The National Highway Authority of India's proposal to hike the toll rates by Rs 10-20 from July 1 is going to pinch people travelling to Mumbai harder.The rates on Mumbai leg are likely to see a steep hike especially after the addition of the four lanes on Road Over Bridge (ROB) at two places in Thane district, that were started by November 2011-end.\"The total length of the project (on Wadpe-Gonde stretch constructed by Gammon India) is around 94 km down from 99.50 km of which some lanes (the ROB section) were not functioning till November 2011 and hence, they were not included in the toll. So, the current toll of Rs 80 for car has now been proposed for upward revision to Rs 85, the proposal of which has been sent to the planning commission for approval. Besides, new rates (applicable from July 1) are being worked out. So, one may see the rise of toll for cars from Rs 80 to Rs 90 or whatever is the actual,\" the project director, Ram Mishra, said.He said that the rates for light motor vehicles (LMV) have remained unchanged (as far as revision is concerned) at Rs 145 because of rounding-off to digit multiple of five.The annual hike in toll for Pimpalgaon-Dhule section (constructed by Soma-IRCON) has, however, been worked out and NHAI proposes to increase the toll for cars from present Rs 100 to Rs 110. The locals residing in 10 km radius of the toll plaza will have to pay Rs 25 instead of Rs 15, the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13712447", "title": "51 held for protesting outside Fort college", "text": "MUMBAI: Fifty-one members of the Prakash Ambedkar-led Bharipa Bahujan Mahasangh (BBM) were arrested by the Azad Maidan police on Friday for allegedly trying to barge into a college in south Mumbai over a governing body dispute and injuring eight policemen in the process.\"We have arrested 51 persons, including 15 women, who had tried to take the law into their hands,\" said deputy commissioner of police (zone 1) Cherring Dorze.According to the police, over 200 people gathered outside Siddharth college, run by the People's Education Society (PES), in Fort and tried to enter the PES office located in the college building.The prime property is caught in a bitter feud between two warring Dalit factions. The college was started by late Dr B R Ambedkar in 1945 to spread higher education among Dalits.The BBM has alleged that the society used to be run by Ambedkar's son till his death in 1977 and was subsequently taken over by individuals who have been running the college for personal gains. The BBM claims that one person from the Ambedkar family be a member of the society, a rule which is \"not being followed\". The BBM alleges that Prakash has the authority to become a member of the society and should be allowed to be part of the governing body.\"The present trustees had locked the college and their supporters prevented us from taking administrative charge of the institute,\" said Prakash, adding that the charities commissioner had upheld his claim as the PES's new chief trustee after a protracted legal battle. The present board of trustees owe allegiance to the Ramdas Athavle faction of the Republican Party of India, it is said.The RPI(Athavle) and Prakash Ambedkar's BRP don't see eye to eye on key socio-political issues, especially after the RPI sealed a poll pact with the Shiv Sena-BJP combine in Maharashtra before the BMC elections early this year. Other Dalit factions too are said to be upset with the RPI(Athavle group) for joining hands with Hindutva forces.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "13712379", "title": "Rash riding tourists meet with accident", "text": "Calangute: A tourist driving a non-geared bike in a rash and negligent manner crashed into another person riding a geared bike near Falcon Resorts, Naikawaddo, Calangute on Friday. The motorcycle was badly damaged, though the rider did not suffer any injuries.The tourist and pillion rider sustained minor injuries but one of them escaped from the scene after being taken to the Candolim public health centre. Since the geared bike rider was a Goan, locals gathered to beat the tourists, but former Calangute sarpanch Joseph Sequeira, who was passing by, intervened and prevented the situation from escalating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13713435", "title": "Bahrain-Dhaka passenger lands at Mangalore airport", "text": "MANGALORE: Boarding a wrong bus or train may not be uncommon, but an aircraft? A Bahrain passenger bound for Dhaka to attend his child's funeral last week landed at the Bajpe airport, near Mangalore.Mohammed Alam Mamtazuddin, who was supposed to board a Gulf Air flight to Dhaka, landed at Bajpe airport at 6.30pm on May 25 by an Air India Express (AIE) flight. Immigration officials, who were informed of this lapse, deported him by the next AIE flight to Dubai.An officer in charge of the immigration was shocked by this incident. \"We have deported or detained people on the basis of fake passports and invalid visas. But this is the first time I've come across such a case. How can there be a failure at multiple levels?\" he wondered.\"In case he was an Indian, based on the validity of documents, we would have deported or detained him. In case of foreigners, we only deport unless there is a notice against that person,\" said the official.The Indian Airlines management here is perplexed about the incident.\"How can such multiple-level checking failures occur? The first mistake occurred during check-in when the passenger was issued a Bahrain-Mangalore boarding card. But what was the passenger doing? We understand that the passenger was not in a proper state of mind after his child's death. But how can one miss the announcements? Moreover, the passenger spoke good Hindi. At some point, he should have realized that he had boarded the wrong flight, at least by looking at the interiors of the aircraft,\" the AI official said.The airhostess, he said, could not be blamed because the passenger had a Bahrain-Mangalore boarding card. It is not known who realized the lapse, but it was brought to the notice of the Mumbai AI office by the flight commander half an hour before the flight was to land at Bajpe.The AI official said the AIE bore full expenses for the passenger's travel from Mangalore to Dubai and Dhaka. \"We will be taking up the issue with the ground handling agent,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13712512", "title": "Traffic curbs in Andheri, Santa Cruz", "text": "MUMBAI: The traffic police have announced road restrictions in Andheri for Metro work and in Santa Cruz for skywalk construction.\"S V Road in Andheri will be closed for all vehicles from Rajiv Gandhi junction to Amboli junction on the north-bound stretch, and from the Andheri (W) subway to Rajiv Gandhi junction on the south-bound stretch,\" an official said. \"This is to facilitate work on the Metro project. It will remain in effect till June 21.\"In Santa Cruz (E), there will be a no-entry for all vehicles on the north-bound stretch from Hans Bugra junction to Vakola junction. Traffic moving in both directions will use the south-bound stretch of Hans Bugra junction to Vakola junction. This will remain in effect from 11pm on June 2 till midnight on June 3 for the construction of a skywalk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13712562", "title": "No prosecution sanction given to probe corrupt officials: Anti corruption bureau", "text": "JAIPUR: The head of department of the urban housing and development (UDH) and the department of local bodies (DLB) seem to be in no mood to sanction prosecution against corrupt officials as sought by the anti corruption bureau (ACB).According to the documents available with TOI, the ACB has registered cases since 2003 against 31 officials allegedly involved in corruption and misusing power. The cases have been registered across the state officials working at municipal corporations and municipal councils. However, with permission still awaited from the department head of UDH, the ACB is unable to initiate an inquiry.According to senior officials at ACB, despite several reminders, prosecution sanction was not given and the agency is helpless to take any initiative further. The ACB officials also said the agency has sent a proposal to the state government seeking an amendment to the rules and appoint a competent authority who can sanction prosecution against the corrupt official as the existing system is faulty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13726841", "title": "Chennai student wins first place at international engineering fair", "text": "NEW DELHI: Raghavendra Ramachanderan from Chennai bagged the Grand Award for Chemistry for his project on 'Visible Light Deoxygenation' at the Intel International Science and Engineering Fair. He also won the Glenn T Seaborg Nobel Trip Prize which includes a trip to the Nobel ceremony in Sweden .This year, more than 1,500 young scientists were selected to compete in the fair. They were selected from 446 affiliate fairs in approximately 70 countries, regions and territories. In addition to the winners mentioned above, more than 400 finalists received awards and prizes for their groundbreaking work. Awards included 17 \"Best of\" category winners who each received a $5,000 prize. The Intel Foundation also awarded a $1,000 grant to each winner's school and to the affiliated fair they represent.Some of the other places to were filled by students from India, including Saral and Nishi Paliwal from New Delhi who won the third place in Grand Award in Microbiology, Onkar Singh Gujaral from Kolkata who won the fourth place in Grand Award in Computer Science, Sindura Saraswathi from Puttur who won the second award sponsored by Ashtavadhani Vidwan Ambati Subbaraya Chetty Foundation for Environmental Sciences and Gargi Pare from Ujjain who won second award from the LANXESS Corporation in chemistry.\"We congratulate Raghavendra Ramachanderan and all the students from India on their success at the fair,\" said Ashutosh Chadha, director, corporate affairs group, Intel South Asia. \"Raghavendra and all the other finalists further demonstrate how background of STEM (science, engineering, technology, and math) education creates the breeding ground for creativity and ingenuity that will help solve the pressing issues of the future.\"Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13711307", "title": "Wildlife board nod must for projects near sanctuaries", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The state forest and environment department, in a notification issued on Thursday, has reiterated that it is mandatory for all projects in the 10-km area of wildlife sanctuaries to obtain clearance from the National Board of Wildlife (NBW).It stated that for projects which require environment clearance and the state government is yet to declare the area as eco-sensitive zone, a nod from the NBW is must.Earlier, in the area where the proposal for eco-sensitive zone was pending with the state government or the Union ministry of environment and forests, the projects coming up in the area were not required to obtain a clearance from the NBW.Now, the mandatory requirement will have its effect not only on Nalsarovar and Gir forest areas, but also on other sanctuaries across the state. These are the sanctuaries where eco-sensitive zones are yet to be fixed by the state government.The notification says that no project can come up in the area of 10 km of the sanctuary without a clearance of the national board even if the proposal for eco-sensitive zone (ESZ) is yet to be cleared.The Supreme Court had directed state governments to identify suitable sites and declare them as ESZ which will protect important migratory corridors for wildlife. The ESZ would help maintain the water table in the area and protect the environment.Officials said that without the clearance from the national board and later the state board of wildlife, no project in such areas can start any activity. While sending the proposal for clearance, the applicant will have to mention the impact of the project on the environment and will also be required to mention the type of machinery and material to be used.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13714382", "title": "Naxals gear up to take on the Indian Army", "text": "NAGPUR: On June 5 next week, the red rebels are slated to take an oath to fight the formidable Indian Army as they mark commencement of their seventh 'Jan Pituri saptah' in their strongholds. The Naxals have appealed to their ranks to observe June 5 to 12 as a week of armed revolution in the entire 'Dandakaranya' that straddles across the states of Maharashtra, Chhattisgarh, Odisha and Andhra Pradesh.On June 12, the rebels have called for a bandh against the deployment of army in the south Bastar region in Chhattisgarh where a training centre is slated to come up. Essential services have been kept out of the ambit of bandh. Maharashtra's Gondia and Gadchiroli districts, already reeling under Naxal killings and kidnappings, are expected to be hit by further violence as rebels set their agenda for the weeklong protest.The Naxals' south regional committee of Dandakaranya region and their allies have in a press release cited the instances in history when the people resisted the state armed forces. The rebels recalled the history of armed struggle for separate Telangana between 1946 and 1951 along with Birbhum's peasant uprising in Naxalbari and the ongoing fights of separatist outfits in the north-east and Kashmir valley.They launched a vitriolic attack on government's policy to deploy army and establish a training centre at Narayanpur close to their fortress Abhujamarh. The Naxals claimed that the army would target the tribal population in the remote places in the name of crushing the rebel movement. The rebels stated that the politicians running the government were conspiring to expel the tribals from their lands and hand over the land and its resources to capitalists.Between June 6 and 8, the Naxals are slated to take up campaigns to popularize their concept of 'jan pituri'. They have earmarked June 9 and 10 to canvas support for campaign to send the army back. The Naxals have dedicated June 11 for their colleagues held in various prisons of the country.Superintendent of police, Gadchiroli, S Vireesh Prabhu said that the arrangements have been made for resisting the Naxals' ploy to make their protest week a success along with the bandh. \"We are increasing the vigilance and stepping up our domination exercises,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13732048", "title": "Kaifi Azmi\u2019s 10th death anniversary", "text": "A recently held mushaira organized in the remembrance Kaifi Azmi's 10th death anniversary, saw prominent faces from the city turning up to be a part of this event.Ever the dutiful daughter, Shabana Azmi along with Javed Akhtar was in attendance. Governer BL Joshi made a short appearance. It was a pleasant surprise for everyone when the governor too read a few shayaris.The mushaira drew some renowned poets like Waseem Bareilvi, Naseem Nikhat and Manzar Bhopali, who highlighted social issues through their funny and sometimes, hard hitting kalaams. Waseem Bareilvi set the mood for the night with his creation, on a special request from Governer BL Joshi, saying, \"Main bolta gaya woh sunte gaye, aise bhi meri haar hui hai kabhi kabhi.\" Waseem also targeted the increasing westernisation of the youth in his couplet: \" Bebaak ankhon me talluk ruk nahi paate, mohabbat vali ankhon me sharam hona zaruri hai.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13716118", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation rules to streamline recruitment process", "text": "PUNE: The general body of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) on Friday approved recruitment rules, which is expected to help streamline the recruitment process in the civic body. The rules are also expected to help reduce backdoor entries as well as corruption in recruitment.This is the first time in the history of the civic body that such a rulebook has been compiled.\"It's an achievement, as there were no specific guidelines to carry out recruitment in the PMC, and recruitments were conducted haphazardly,\" said Subhash Jagtap, leader of house in the PMC, during the general body meeting.Jagtap said recruitment of around 4,200 people, including 400 engineers, are on hold for the last four years. Now, recruitment processes for these candidates can begin. He said, with these approved rules, the civic body will be able to fix criteria for educational qualification, experience and age of candidates for various posts.While corporators demanded a discussion on the set of rules, nearly 27 supplementaries were given to make changes in the rule book.\"The proposal will be sent to the state government, who will finalise it, following which recruitment will take place as per the new rulebook,\" said municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak.Pathak said a couple of supplimentaries given by the corporators were contradictory. The party leaders will hold discussions on these contradictions and then they will send it to the state government.The PMC started preparing the recruitment guidelines in 2008. It had sought suggestion and objections on it from the public. Over 300 suggestions had been submitted, out of which 140 were accepted while preparing the rulebook.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13712321", "title": "'Check over-exploitation of ground water before situation becomes more grimmer'", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The report of Ministry of Water Resources revealing that 76 out of 820 development blocks of the state have been placed under 'over-exploited' category has left the officials of ground water department puzzled.In fact, March 2009 report claimed apart from 76 over-exploited category blocks, the ministry of water resources has also placed 32 blocks in critical, 107 in semi-critical and rest 605 blocks under normal category as far as status of ground water level is concerned.The Ground Water Analysis Committee-1997 (GEC-97) being constituted by the Ministry of Ground Water Board, carries out annual analysis of ground water resources in every four years based on methodology.In year 2004 survey report pointed out that there were only 37 over-exploited , 13 critical, 88 semi-critical and 682 normal category blocks in the state as placed by the Ground water Analysis committee .Executive Engineer, Ground Water department, HB Samvedi told TOI \"the report has made it clear that more and more population are relying on ground water resources and its over-exploitation has affected the level of ground water drastically. There has been a significant increase in the number of over-exploited category blocks in the state.He further maintained that there were only 37 development blocks placed under over-exploited category by the Ground water Analysis committee in year 2004 but in 2008-09 report claimed that the number of over-exploited blocks have increased upto 76 in the state.\"If we failed to check the over-exploitation of ground water, the situation will be more grim\" said Samvedi adding \"soaring temperatures, exploding population and the ever expanding city limits are prime factors that have been taking a toll on the ground water levels in the state as a result, there has been sharp decline in the level of ground water across the state in past few years,\" he added.Today, around 35-45 % of the population of the state especially in the newly added areas, depend solely on ground water. As far as Allahabad is concerned, the ground water demand stands at 548 MLD, the supply is 480 MLD giving tough time to concerned authorities to fulfill the demand.Ironically, a total of 108 development blocks across the state are facing acute water crisis and if no water management measures are initiated, more developments blocks would be put under the over-exploited and critical categories. Samvedi claimed that recharge pits, recharge trench, recharge well, dry wells and ponds to collect rainy water are only the solution to deal the crisis otherwise situation may become difficult in coming days.The ground water board ministry is now putting more focus on water conservation, claiming that its individual's accountability to restore the water resources and stress is also being made to spread awareness in the same regard.Officials of the ground water department are of the view that people have been appealed to install rainwater harvesting system as it's a competent tool to restore the ground water level.However, a section of the experts feel that there should be compulsory rainwater harvesting law. They claim that several lakhs liters of water can be restored, if the rain water harvesting system is introduced at government buildings like AG Office, Police headquarter, District Collectorate campus, Allahabad University, Colleges and schools of the city and other government buildings.Experts feel that there have to be multiple strategies. While, water conservation should be must, water needs to be diverted from non-potable users like big industries to residences and for domestic purposes. Users also need to bring down water consumption. Almost 80% of the water flows down the drains.If the used water can be reused for various purposes like agriculture, city parks, construction of building purpose and fire stations/hydrants, then need of water could be easily checked suggested experts adding that proper plantation drive should be carried out.Apart from plugging loss of water, there is an urgent need to use recycled water. Recycled water should be supplied to those who are using more than 50,000 litres of water per day, to new areas and industries,\" opined officials of ground water department. They added that rainwater harvesting structures should be installed at every crossroad and roadside drains should be present to rejuvenate ground water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13714620", "title": "Water audit on cards to tackle thefts, leaks", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) is planning to introduce water audit to tackle leakages and thefts in various parts of the city, as senior officials estimate the leak to be around 25%.\"Roughly it is estimated between 20 and 25% but exact figure will only be available after water audit, which is on the cards,\" NMC superintendent engineer R K Pawar said.\"The NMC had started a drive to plug leakages but that has been unsuccessful because of the opposition from people. However, on a larger scale, we are trying to assess the leakages in the water supply pipeline. As of now there is 40% of water which is unmetered and that includes water supplied to NMC establishments and water leakages as well,\" Pawar said.Since water audit is a gargantuan task, a special mechanism would be required to assess water loss. The administration is therefore, contemplating to take the help of a consultant to do help them in conducting the audit.\"We are discussing it with NMC commissioner and soon we will have a proposal that will be tabled in the general body meeting. Only after we get the approval, we will appoint a consultant for doing the job in a stipulated period,\" Pawar said, adding the whole task is expected to complete in six months.Meanwhile, the NMC's campaign against water leakages and water thefts came to a halt with the residents of several areas protesting against the move by the department. \"We had to call it off because of protests and accusations against our staff by the women in the areas,\" Pawar said.There have been issues and the corporation was unable to carry out the drive against water thefts and leakages as well because the residents would not allow the officers and the employees to enter the houses to inspect the water connections. \"The women of some areas threatened to file cases of molestation against the officials after which the drive has been stopped. We have sought the help of police for the drive and are waiting for their response,\" Pawar said.The residents of Torna Nagar and other areas protested against water supply department when they had gone for inspection in the area. Surprisingly, none of the corporators came forth to defend the water supply officials' move of trying to prevent water leakages. An official said that the action was carried out only for four days in which 20 motors were confiscated and Rs 3,500 recovered from the residents as penalty for either pumping in the water supply through pipelines or even having illegal connections.However, when asked about the leakages at pumping stations and at the valves, the officer said that it was because of wear and tear from operations. When pointed out that a valve near water cess collection centre at Ambad water tank was leaking for seven months and the case of other areas was no different, the officer said that the regular maintenance was being done and leakages would be plugged soon.When asked if the employees of the NMC would be charged for the loss of water, as the common man was to be charged for Rs 100, the official declined to comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13716434", "title": "Dirty pipes to blame for water woes", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With an annual financial budget of around Rs 800 crores with Chandigarh municipal corporation, the public health wing of engineering department is allocated over Rs 100 core to provide all primary facilities, including proper availability of potable water and improved sewerage system, among others. But the problem of non availability of potable water remains a serious issue and has gone from bad to worse.In recently conducted surprise checking by water supply committee of the civic body to ascertain the reason of poor water supply in the different residential areas, it has come to light that infrequent cleaning of water pipelines is one of the most crucial reason for the problem.During the checking in sectors 35, 38, 44, 21, 33, it was found that the water pipelines were not clean and once these pipes were cleaned the supply immediately improved.Amarjeet Singh, a resident of Sector 35, said, \"The problem of non availability of water has gone from bad to worse day by day. Authorities need to fix the problems as soon as possible as we have already reached peak summer.\"Former mayor and member of water supply committee Subash Chawla said, \"The present scenario of water woes clearly show that no pre-preparation was done to provide respite to the residents as far as water supply in concerned, which includes cleaning of the water pipelines and making alternative arrangements, among others.\"Mukesh Bassi, chairman of water supply committee, said, \"We started surprise checking with the intention to ascertain the root cause of the problem in respective areas. During the process, we discovered that pipes were not cleaned in many areas. If these were regularly cleaned then the problem would not have been this serious.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13716667", "title": "Union coal minister denies charges of scam in coal block allocation", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Union coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal on Friday denied any corruption in allocation of coal blocks, but said whether the allocated companies misused the coal can only be ascertained after an inquiry.\"Successive governments pursued a policy of allocating coal blocks to private companies to make power available to the common man at an affordable price as Coal India alone can't meet the growing demand. Such allocations were made after the companies entered into power purchase agreement with the government,\" the minister told media persons here. \"There was no scam in allocating the coal blocks,\" he added.Comparing the coal block allotment for producing electricity with sharing free water for generating hydropower, Jaiswal said when water charges are not levied on hydropower plants why should be charges levied on coal for thermal plants.He said eight blocks were allotted during 1993 and 1999 while 32 blocks were allocated during the NDA regime between 1999 to 2004 and 153 were given during UPA I. Power purchase agreements were made in 100 per cent cases, he said.Team Anna had attacked Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , citing portions of a draft CAG report that coal blocks allocated when the coal ministry was with the PM had resulted in loss of an estimated Rs 1.8 lakh crores.Declining to comment on allegations made by \"individuals or some political parties\", the Union minister said media reports making similar allegations were published around eight months ago and again recently. However, the government has not got any CAG report. \"If and when CAG gives such a report, the government will examine it,\" he said.On states' demand for higher coal royalty, the minister said the current level and system of royalty was justified, which increases with the rise in coal price.Jaiswal said the UPA-led Union government was seriously considering environmental issues in exploiting coal.Amid allegations that Coal India subsidiary Mahanadi Coalfields Limited (MCL) in Odisha had done excess mining during a particular period, the minister said MCL had not violated any law.The minister, who toured MCL Coalfields, said various workers' issues such as ensuring minimum wages for both regular and contractual workers were discussed.Jaiswal visited the Talcher Coalfield, one of the four richest coalfields in the country, which accounts for more than 60 per cent coal production of MCL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "13714538", "title": "Suresh Lonkar to be NCP's new district president", "text": "YAVATMAL: Director of Yavatmal District Central Co-Operative Bank (YDCCB) and senior leader Suresh Lonkar has been designated as the new district president of Nationalist Congress Party (NCP). His name will soon be declared by the state president Madhukarrao Pichad.Recently, the representatives of taluka and district units of the NCP have been summoned to the office of the sitting MLC Sandeep Bajoria and in the meeting names of nine probable candidates for the district unit president were suggested. Barring one, the election officer and party observer Ramesh Bang has recommended eight candidates. The prominent candidates were Suresh Lonkar, former zilla parishad president Prafulla Mankar, Asant Ghuikhedkar, city unit chief Nana Gadbaile, MLC Sandeep Bajoria, his brother Sumit Bajoria and the YDCCB vice-president Babasaheb Gade Patil.The list was sent to the party state unit and later presented before deputy chief minister Ajit Dada Pawar. Prafulla Mankar and Vasant Ghuikhedkar are the known proteges of late Uttamrao Patil. Since both of them started lobbying separately for the post, their claim has become weak. Besides, the YDCCB president Manish Patil who is the son of Patil found that it was futile to have a consensus between Mankar and Ghuikhedkar, he too extended his support to Lonkar. Ajit Pawar, while finalizing the name, considered the seniority of all the candidates and Suresh Lonkar, being the senior most, has finally been tipped for the district unit president.Suresh Lonkar has quit Congress and joined the NCP along with the ex MP Patil and was keeping a low profile to avoid any controversy which he suffered while in Congress. Lonkar was the vice president of the YDCCB on a number of previous occasions and also was a member of the Yavatmal zilla parishad for a long period. He contested the Lok Sabha election as an independent candidate against Congress nominee Patil and his victory was almost certain. But due to financial crunch, Lonkar lost to Patil by a meagre margin.Thereafter, he was instrumental in ensuring the victory of the social justice minister Shivajirao Moghe from Kelapur and Arni assembly segments. But in the recent past, the Lonkar-Moghe tie up snapped due to unnecessary interference of Moghe's PA. Lonkar finally quit Congress and joined NCP.He is set to fill the vacancy of the outgoing president Pravin Deshmukh who assumed the office of the zilla parishad president recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "13711321", "title": "Now, major reshuffle of babus in Greater Noida", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Noida to face a major administrative shuffle. In a sudden move, IAS and PCS officials of the Greater Noida Industrial Development Authority were assigned new postings on Thursday.Even after two and a half months into office, the Samajwadi Party government continues to shuffle senior administrative officials in the state. With the re-jigging of the bureaucrats, Greater Noida currently is short of two deputy CEOs and an additional CEO. The spate of transfers also hit several general manager level officials in the Authority whose departments have been rearranged as per orders from the government.Additional CEO, Harsh Tankha has now been transferred to Meerut as additional commissioner, while Akhilesh Singh, deputy CEO, now has the charge of special secretary, entertainment tax department. Another deputy CEO, RK Singh, who was also holding the additional charge of the deputy CEO of Yamuna Expressway Industrial Development Authority, has been transferred to Lucknow to look after the Uttar Pradesh AIDS Control wing. Additional DM (Land), Harnam Singh, is now additional commissioner of Barielly and the administrative officer, Shailendar Kumar has the charge of deputy DM of Shahjahanpur.At the general manager level, four officials have been attached with the Greater Noida ACEO and the DCEO, respectively. These officials have been asked to give up charge of their respective departments until further notice from the CEO. These departments include property, projects, planning and finance.Meanwhile, in Noida too, a new chief project engineer, Rajeev Yadav has taken charge from AK Goel who was temporarily overlooking the department. Even as the Noida Authority CEO, Sanjiv Saran has attached four senior project engineers with his office, as per sources, several more heads at the GM level are set to roll.Though every new regime invites an administrative reshuffle, the constant transferring of officers is not going down well with the citizens of Noida and Greater Noida who are at their wits end in dealing with the repercussions of the continuous musical chairs being played out in district Gautam Budh Nagar since the last several months. The residents allege that these transfers have an adverse affect not only on policy-making and its implementation but also the day-to-day functioning of the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13732736", "title": "Commonwealth Games a nightmare: Quraishi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Terming the 2010 Commonwealth Games a \"nightmare\", Chief Election Commissioner S Y Quraishi on Saturday said the event is being remembered more for its controversies, which denied the nation the pride it got from the performance of its athletes.\"What a nightmare it was, something we should have been proud of, that pride was denied to the nation... Unfortunately we did not get any time to bask in the glory of its success. Few days after the games, raids and inquiries were ordered,\" he said after releasing a book on preparation for the mega event.Authored by former Deputy Director General of Organising Committee (OC) H P Singh Rishi, \"Sports Scare - The Ghost that Haunted CWG Delhi\" narrates his 15-month stint with the organisation.Applauding the performance of Indian athletes who won 101 medals in various sporting events, he said, \"Fortunately our sportspersons brought the glory. The bitterness was, I would not say was entirely erased from our memory, but it was compensated by the excellent performance by sportsmen.\"Quraishi was the secretary in the Union sports ministry for a brief period during 2005-06.\"I was the sports secretary in 2005-06, fortunately for few months only, the organisers would come and tell me how it is going to be a profitable venture. I had told them if it is a profitable venture why are you breaking your heads with bureaucrats and why don't you go to a bank,\" he said.Over delay in completion of various CWG projects, he said, \"The alarm bells were already ringing, proposals were signed in 2003 and even in 2006 the things were very very slow.\"Quraishi also expressed his doubt over involvement of people with vested interested who knowingly delayed the projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13713493", "title": "Go digital or watch your TV sets go blank", "text": "KOLKATA: With digitization of cable television becoming mandatory in the four metro cities of the country, nearly 30 lakh television sets across the city are going to turn blank on July 1, said cable operators as well as direct-to-home (DTH) players.Around 30 lakh television sets across the city are going to turn blank from July 1 when digitization of cable television is becoming mandatory in the four metro cities of the country, said cable operators as well as direct-to-home (DTH) players.Though the awareness level among city dwellers has risen considerably, but the number of conversions to the digital format is far less than the number of queries that are pouring into these offices. Most people have adopted the wait-and-watch policy in the hope that the July 1 deadline will be postponed further by the government.the extent of conversion to the digital format is not matching the number of queries pouring in these offices. Everybody has adopted the path of wait and watch as many are hoping this July 1 deadline will be pushed further by the government.The switchover from analog to digital transmission will have to be completed in Kolkata, Delhi, Mumbai and Chennai, by June 30, 2012 if the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) sticks to the Ordinance amending the Cable Television Networks (Regulation) Act, 1995. From the next day, only digital transmission will be beamed to cities.Swapan Chowdhury of Cable Operators' Federation of India said the government has directed broadcasters to disconnect transmission to all multi-service operators (MSO) which have not converted to the digital format. He was speaking at a seminar organized by the Bengal National Chamber of Commerce and Industry.Anupam Paul, head, West Bengal and Orissa of Airtel DTH, anxiously said that though queries are pouring in for digital connections, those are not getting converted into business.After the advertisement started hitting television, people are becoming more conscious but they are still expecting that July deadline to be pushed further, KK Binani, secretary, Cable TV Equipment Traders' &amp; Manufacturers' Association, said.\"We think people will react once TV sets turn black. Momentum will pick up later. There may be some last-minute hitches,\" he said.There are around 10,000 cable operators in the city and 15 MSOs in West Bengal. The set-top boxes that are becoming mandatory will cost around Rs 1,000.\"People are not booking set-top boxes yet. It will become difficult for us to supply set top boxes at the twelfth hour as we do not know how many we will require,\" added Chowdhury.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13718980", "title": "Naugaon hottest at 47.8 degrees C", "text": "BHOPAL: Naugaon in Chhatarpur district continues to be the hottest place in Madhya Pradesh as it recorded at 47.8 degrees on Friday, the maximum temperature of the season in state so far. Similarly, Khajuraho sizzled at 47.4 degrees C. In the northern MP, Gwalior recorded a maximum temperature of 46 degrees.The officials of the Meteorological Department, Bhopal circle ruled out any respite for at least two more days and said similar hot conditions would continue in Madhya Pradesh.The maximum and minimum among Bhopal, Indore and Jabalpur ranged between 45.2 and 25.4 degrees C.Bhopal recorded a maximum temperature of 42.5 (+3) degrees C against a minimum of 30.6 (+4) degrees. Indore recorded a maximum temperature of 39.6 (+2) C and a minimum at 25.4 (00) degrees C. Jabalpur recorded a maximum temperature of 45.2 (+5) C and minimum of 31.7 (+5) degrees C.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13715265", "title": "Banks told to install note sorting machines", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has directed nationalised and cooperative banks in the state to install note sorting machines for detection of counterfeit currency notes and preventing their re-issue.\"RBI had given direction to this effect in 2009. But many banks are yet to implement it. We have stressed on it again and banks have been told to install the note sorting machines at the earliest,\" Alpana, head of communications, RBI, told reporters on Friday. A note sorting machine identifies the notes that are suspected to be fake. She, however, did not state if any deadline has been fixed for the installation of machines.Counterfeit currency poses a major challenge to the RBI. In 2009, the number of fake pieces were 4,01,476 as compared to 4,35,607 pieces in 2010, an increase of 34,131 fake pieces. The circulation of fake currency has increased in Uttar Pradesh. RBI statistics show that in 2011-2012, out of 60 crore pieces, seven fake pieces were each in Rs 10 and 20 notes, 798 pieces in Rs 50 notes, 1656 pieces in Rs 100 notes where as 451 pieces were in Rs 500 note and 92 pieces in Rs 1000 notes.In another public interest initiative, the RBI has come up with a procedure to help businessmen who need 'change' for their financial transactions. \"The association head is required to inform RBI about the amount of change needed and after receiving the money he distributes it to the retailers,\" added Alpana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "13719790", "title": "Miscreants damage tea gardens in Sivasagar", "text": "JORHAT: Unidentified miscreants from Nagaland damaged a vast section of tea garden land under the Nazira sub-division in Sivasagar district along the Assam-Nagaland border early on Friday. They also asked Assamese small tea cultivators to immediately vacate land along the border areas and threatened them with dire consequences.\"A group of miscreants from Nagaland, equipped with arms, damaged more than 100 bighas of tea garden last night. They also warned us about not obeying their order of vacating land,\" said a tea cultivator of Geleki area, adding, \"the Nagas in their night-long destruction cut down tea saplings of more than 30 cultivators causing a huge loss to owners.\"An official of the Nazira sub-division said, \"We have got information about the activities of Nagas along the border areas and have decided to hold talks with the administration in Nagaland.\"The All Assam Small Tea Growers' Association has expressed serious concern at the frequent attacks of Nagas on Assamese tea cultivators along the border.The association general secretary, Karuna Mahanta, said, \"Despite repeated requests to the government to take steps to check such attacks, the administration has not woken up to the menace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13735961", "title": "PM voices concern over growing intolerance", "text": "KOLKATA: Expressing concern over growing intolerance among people of dissent, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh today favoured a rational discourse because narrow mindedness might affect creative instincts.The Prime Minister noted that people are losing the ability to engage in rational discourse where different points of views are expressed.\"Public debate was often hostage to sensationalism. I sometimes fear that a growing culture of narrow mindedness may affect the creative, innovative and imaginative instincts of the country's youth,\" he said.\"I have been observing a growing intolerance among our people of dissent and opinions that contradict the prevailing orthodoxy. We seem to be losing the ability to engage in a rational discourse where different points of views are expressed,\" Singh noted.He said Indian civilisation has a rich tradition of preserving social harmony and promoting conciliation by accommodating different view points, identities and cultural differences.\"We should strengthen these impulses through the propagation of a scientific temper and an enlightened understanding of the meaning of freedom of expression,\" Singh said.Speaking at the inception ceremony as a general president of the Indian Science Congress Association (ISCA) on the occasion of its centenary, he said the theme for Congress in the city next year would be 'Science for Shaping Future of India'.\"It is a theme that might have resonated just as well a 100 years ago when the association came into being,\" Singh said.\"I would signal the full support and commitment of the government to Indian science as it passed through a critical decade of innovation,\" he said at the function held at the Calcutta University.\"Our problems are overwhelming and need scientific solutions,\" he said.\"We have to use our abundant intellectual resources to find new pathways of development that use our scarce natural resources judiciously.\"The prime minister said, \"We did not use science and technology in our development processes as much as we should have. We did not build local capacities that could meaningfully address problems of development in a decentralised manner using this knowledge.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13719703", "title": "Efforts to conserve turtles in temple ponds", "text": "GUWAHATI: Wildlife conservationists and temple authorities across the state have joined hands to save endangered species of turtles as their population is fast dwindling in the northeast. Even as the population of turtles is declining, some temples in the state house some of the rare endangered species of these reptiles in their ponds.Turtle Survival Alliance (TSA), Aaranyak and temple authorities have decided to work jointly for conservation of turtles in temple ponds through scientific intervention and capacity building of temple members, TSA and Aaranyak.\"Temple ponds are the genetic pools for many of the rare and endangered turtle species, which are no longer found in the wild. We are working for the long-term conservation of turtles in temple ponds to save their genetic resources,\" Aaranyak head of herpetology division, Abhijit Das said.There are about eight old temples, including Kamakhya and Haigrib Madhab at Hajo area in Kamrup district that houses different species of turtles. TSA director Shailendra Singh said turtle conservation in temples will be carried out with the cooperation of temple authorities through a five-year project.The conservationists and temple authorities held discussions on how to proceed with turtle conservation in temple ponds here on Friday. Conservationists have also listed 10 species of turtles for conservation during the brainstorming session.\"We will take inputs from temple authorities on what kind of intervention can be made so that turtles in the temple ponds are scientifically conserved,\" Singh added. Temple authorities have welcomed the move saying that scientific conservation would help in long-term survival of the species, which are so far being protected out of religious belief.\"We welcome the scientific interventions for the conservation of turtles in our ponds. We were conserving the turtles out of religious belief. We had no idea that the temple ponds have some of the rarest and threatened species of turtles. There is a need to conserve these species using scientific methods,\" said Monoranjan Baishya, a representative of the Haigrib Madhab Temple Management Committee.Out of the 29 species of freshwater turtles in India, 21 species are found in the northeast alone. About 72 per cent of turtle species in the region are under the threatened category of the International Union for Conservation of Nature.According to Das, lack of information and studies on turtles have hampered proper conservation efforts of the reptiles in the northeast. \"Even today, we have less than five per cent biological information on different turtle species found in the northeast,\" added Das.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13718193", "title": "It\u2019s party time as UK readies to celebrate queen\u2019s 60-year reign", "text": "LONDON: After a spell of exceptionally warm weather, Britain is bracing for showers and an extended Diamond Jubilee weekend to be celebrated by millions with holidays and events to mark Queen Elizabeth's 60 year reign. Diamond Jubilee celebrations are billed as one of the two major events to showcase the best of Britain, the other being the Olympics.With most offices closed during the extended weekend from June 2 to 5, many plan to use the period to holiday amidst hopes that Britain's famously fickle weather will give way to the warmth and sunshine evident during the last week.On Saturday, the Queen will attend the Epsom Derby, while on Sunday, people across Britain neighbours will celebrate the jubilee by taking part in the fourth annual Big Lunch.On Monday, a concert has been organized at the Buckingham Palace by the BBC, featuring some of the biggest names in music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13718559", "title": "Milky Way on collision course", "text": "LONDON: The Milky Way is set to collide with its neighbouring Andromeda galaxy, resulting in a major cosmic event that could catapult stars, including the Sun, into different regions, Nasa scientists have predicted. But, there is no need to panic, as the head-on collision is expected to happen after four billion years, astronomers at the Space Telescope Science Institute said on Friday.Although Earth and its solar system won't be destroyed, it will be pushed away from the galactic core more than it is now, the scientists said. But, it is likely that the cosmic event will throw away the Sun to another area of the galaxy and stars will be tossed into different orbits, they added.\"After nearly a century of speculation, we at last have a clear picture of how events will unfold over the coming billions of years,\" Sangmo Tony Sohn of the institute in Baltimore, US, said. After the Andromeda galaxy finally strikes the Milky Way, it will be another two billion years before the two totally come together and form a single elliptical galaxy, Sohn said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13712143", "title": "Mahakumbh to benefit power consumers", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The massive preparations of power department for the forthcoming Mahakumbh would indirectly benefit the urban consumers of the Sangam city in the light of the fact that all works undertaken during the period would drastically improve the power supply of the city, said managing director, Purvanchal Vidyut Vitran Nigam Limited (PUVVNL) A P Mishra while speaking to newspersons during his visit to the city here on Friday.Stating that both the state and Central government has allocated a sum of Rs104 crore and Rs 93 crore for temporary and permanent work for Mahakumbh, Mishra said that areas like Govindpur, Yamuna Bank Road, Buxi Bund and adjoining areas would no longer face the brunt of overloading and other problems. This is because the capacity of existing sub-stations at these places would be enhanced to 33x11 MVA.Besides, 50 new sub-stations of 400 KVA and 250 KVA would be set up in the city which would distribute the load of city consumers and Kumbh Mela users.Stressing on maintaining strict quality control norms, Mishra said that henceforth all new transformers purchased by the department would have to conform to specifications of 3 star ratings.30 trolley transformer would be purchased for Mahakumbh which would be later on used by sub stations in different parts of the city.When his attention was drawn towards the problems faced by consumers in Khusro Bagh sub division owing to faulty laying of cables, the MD asked the executive engineer, Kalyani Devi division to take necessary steps and submit a report within a week.Issuing strict warning to sub divisional officers(SDO) and junior engineers of different division to shun lethargy and laid back attitude he said that if either of the officers is found ignoring the complaints of consumers he would face suspension.Meanwhile, Irked over the unscheduled power cuts during day and nights, the members of Public Ekta Manch, up on Friday staged a demonstration at power house, Kamla Nehru road demanding power department higher ups to check unscheduled power cuts.The members also handed over a four-point charter to the executive engineer demanding to stop frequent power cuts in city areas. State president, Public Ekta Manch, Vijay Gupta said: \"frequent and unscheduled power cuts has not only been affecting trade in markets but people of the city especially women and children were harassed a lot.\"He added due to frequent and unscheduled power cuts, people have fallen ill and there has been water scarcity in many city localities.Residents of Beli road, Rajapur, Shruti Vihar Apartment and adjoining areas have too demanded to check unscheduled power roistering.The officials, however, assured that they have been making efforts that there should not be unscheduled power cuts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13711850", "title": "Government getting ready to give Vanpic the axe", "text": "HYDERABAD: After Brahmani Steels, it is the Vadarevu and Nizampatnam Port and Industrial Corridor (Vanpic) project's turn to face the guillotine. Having decided to cancel the project on various grounds like irregularities in its conception as well as for it being a non-starter, the state government is now awaiting a nod from the legal department to execute its decision.Spread over Prakasam and Guntur districts, Vanpic was to develop a world-class port-based integrated industrial cluster comprising a shipyard, airport, energy park and an industrial corridor. The principal promoters of the project are Ras-al-Khaimah, Matrix Enports and the Andhra Pradesh government.Of these, Nimmagadda Prasad of Matrix Enports and former minister Mopidevi Venkataramana are already in jail with rural development minister D Manikya Varaprasad demanding scrapping of the project in order that land may be restored to the farmers from whom it was acquired. A decision is expected after the June 12 byelections. In fact, Congress has made the assurance to scrap the project its poll promise in Ongole.On Friday, the minister wrote a letter to chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy urging him to cancel the four GOs (MS 30, 31, 1110, 1115) issued over 2008 and 2009.These are among the 26 GOs that are under scrutiny by Supreme Court.The minister alleged that the Vanpic victims were forced to alienate their lands under threat, coercion, duress and undue influence. \"Most of them did not receive full compensation but only 50% to 80% of the agreed amount,\" he said, adding that crores of rupees was pocketed by local politicians who acted as brokers for land acquisition.The minister also stated that many of the landowners belonged to the SC and BC communities and that an extent of about 7,500 acres allotted to Vanpic was assigned land which is inalienable under the law. Since the CBI investigation points towards a criminal angle in the selection of promoters, the minister urged the chief minister to cancel the project and restore the land to the farmers who basically belong to the weaker sections.He requested the chief minister to issue a GO immediately restoring the rights of farmers on the lands which were alienated to Vanpic. Speaking to TOI on Friday, Manikya Varaprasad said that about 8,000 victim families of Vanpic come within the two mandals of Ongole constituency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13730407", "title": "Leonardo DiCaprio almost cast in `Baywatch`", "text": "DiCaprio was almost cast in 'Baywatch' but the show star and producer David Hasselhoff thinks it was better for his career not to have landed a part in the series.The 'Departed' star was in line to play the role of Hobie, son of Hasselhoff's central character Mitch Buchannon, in the hugely popular 90s Californian lifeguard series.\"Yeah, it was true! You know what, it was the best thing to happen to Leonardo DiCaprio ,\" Contactmusic quoted Hasselhoff as saying.\"I saw Leonardo and I said, 'You know what, that was the best thing that ever happened to you!'\"You would have never gotten 'Titanic' and have been this big star ,\" he said.Joking about the actor who got the part, he added: \"You'd be like Jeremy Jackson and David Hasselhoff, looking for work.' Ha!\"Although Hasselhoff joked, DiCaprio is now one of the most recognisable film stars in the world, while Jackson has dealt with drug problems, which he had partly attributed to the show - at one time the most widely watched TV programme on the planet - and has appeared in 'Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew' in 2011.Hasselhoff has continued to have a successful career as a TV personality and reality TV judge on 'America's Got Talent' and 'Britain's Got Talent'. Other stars to go on to successful careers after appearing in 'Baywatch' include Carmen Electra and Pamela Anderson .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13714168", "title": "High court sets aside KR Puram MLA's election", "text": "BANGALORE: The high court on Friday set aside the May 2008 assembly election of NS Nandish Reddy, BJP MLA representing Krishnarajapuram constituency in the city, on the ground of \"improper rejection\" of nomination papers filed by independent candidate Kavitha Mahesh.Allowing an election petition filed by Kavitha, an advocate, Justice D V Shylendra Kumar directed the court registrar general to file a criminal complaint under section 193 of the IPC before a competent court for the prosecution of returning officer (RO) M Ashoka, for giving a false statement under oath before the court.The judge noted that CCTV footage shows the petitioner was present in the hall before the deadline for filing of nomination papers, and observed that the RO's statements during the recording of evidence by court were \"inconsistent\" with regard to the time and manner of the process of receiving nomination papers.The judge said that improper rejection of nomination papers is itself a ground under the Representation of People's Act 1951 for setting aside an election, irrespective of the fact that it could have materially affected the chances of the elected candidate or not.He also wondered how the MLA, who is said to have filed his nomination at 11.30am on April 23, 2008, could remain in the RO's office from 1pm to 4pm, as per the evidence given by Nandish Reddy himself. In his statement, Reddy claimed he did not see the petitioner when he was present in the office on the day, between 1pm and 4pm.\"Returning officers have to play a positive role during elections. In case of candidates proposed by political parties, the party would take care of them with regard to filing of nominations. As regards independent candidates, ROs should not discourage, browbeat or act in a partisan manner,\" the judge observed.Politicians, producers to be finedA division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen on Friday asked BBMP to take action and impose a fine against film producers and politicians who deface the city's walls with posters and flex boards. \"I was going to the airport recently, what a mess it was. I saw posters disfiguring the walls. Isn't there a fine? Those film posters were obviously stuck at the behest of producers and actors. You have to take action against those responsible,\" he observed, while hearing a PIL filed by city advocate B S Gnanaprakash.The bench then adjourned the case to June 29 for further hearing.The petitioner has claimed that throughout Bangalore, cutouts, banners, posters and flex are being displayed without permission from the BBMP. The petitioner claims it is done in contravention of Section 3 of The Karnataka Open Places (Prevention of Disfigurement) Act, 1981, and sought direction to remove all such banners and posters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13712479", "title": "Delhi Metro Rail Corporation to install rainwater harvesting structures", "text": "JAIPUR: In bid to decrease its carbon footprint and to conserve groundwater in the city, the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) plans to have a rainwater harvesting system on the 9.8-km route (Mansarovar to Chandpole) using a special technique.According to DMRC officials, a unique concept will be used to replenish the groundwater table in areas on the metro route. DMRC spokesman Anil Singhal said, \"Each pillar has inbuilt downpipes to collect the rainwater from the viaduct and into the underground tanks on the median.\"The officials claimed that the Jaipur metro project will provide an area of one lakh square meters of recharge collection which is huge in itself. \"The average pattern of rainfall is 32 mm per hour in the city. Recharging ground water in such a huge area will be a great benefit,\" an official said.The corporation will be constructing the underground water tank after every 60m for better recharge of groundwater. \"After every 60 meters, a recharge tank will be constructed. The water collected will then percolate down to the subsoil through numerous layers of sand, gravel and boulders,\" the official said.In Jaipur, recharge for groundwater is limited because of decreasing permeable soil surface resulting from construction of roads and buildings. Due to poor recharge and heavy extraction of groundwater, the water table has gone down. We hope that initiatives like this will help in some small way,\" the DMRC official said.The DMRC will also recycle water which is supposed to be wasted in maintenance work of coaches at the Mansarovar depot. A waste water treatment plant, having dimensions of 12mx6m has been proposed at the depot to treat oil and acids used in maintenance of the coaches.Also, the DMRC will introduce water savvy mechanism to reduce consumption of groundwater in the city. In this project, 30 workers, which is an estimated manpower at each station, will have to use recycled water for their daily need. Around 45 litres per day water supply is required at each station. Thus, 30 workers need around 1100 litres per day of which 7,500 litre waste water will be generated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13720251", "title": "Hubli decked up to welcome Rahul Gandhi", "text": "HUBLI: City roads are decorated with buntings and banners to welcome AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi who will arrive here on Saturday to take part at the national executive meeting of the Youth Congress and Yuva Sangarsha Samavesha.Special arrangements have been made including a huge air conditioned stage at the Nehru ground.Security has been beefed up in the city. Hubli-Dharwad commissioner of police K Ramchandra Rao told TOI that two DCP's, seven DSP's, 25 inspectors, 35 sub-inspectors, 100 ASI's, 1,000 head constables along with the 10 KSRP platoons and 10 CR platoons have been deployed. In all there will be around 1,500 police officials manning the event. Around 52 CCTV cameras have been installed at various places of the city.In Davanagere tomorrowIn order to strengthen the Congress party and motivate congress workers, KPCC has organized a mega event in Davanagere on Sunday. KPCC treasurer and Davanagere South MLA Shamanur Shivashankarappa and his son former minister S S Mallikarjun have ensured arrangements at the Bapuji MBA college grounds where the event will be held. KPCC chairman G Paremeshwar, AICC general secretary Oscar Fernandes and other senior Congress leaders including H K Anjaneya visited the venue and supervised the arrangements for AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi's visit. Rahul will also inaugurate the newly built district Congress office at Sri Nijalingappa Layout.Programme at ShimogaRahul Gandhi will unveil a novel public support scheme designed by the members of youth Congress of Shimoga. The scheme involves reaching out to the interior areas of the taluk to help people avail benefits of government schemes. A Maruthi van equipped with a computer, a printer, a photocopy machine along with Internet facilities will travel through the interior areas including slums and villages. Volunteers from youth Congress will help people apply for different schemes along with documents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13714325", "title": "Skeleton mystery solved: Man killed colleague and fled", "text": "BANGALORE: He killed his colleague and then slept with the body for the night, only to escape to his hometown in Chhattisgarh by the early morning train from Yeshwanthpur. But the law caught up with him and he was booked for murder.On May 10, the skeletal remains of a man were discovered in a house owned by Muthamma in Sonnappanahalli near Chikkajala, off BIA Road. She had rented it out to three men who worked in a cement mixing factory nearby. The discovery shocked the people of the area, and police were stumped. They knew it belonged to one of the three men, and went about tracking them.As investigations progressed, police zeroed in on the trio residing in the house. They suspected the body was that of Premchand Singh, 23, from Sonabhadra district of Uttar Pradesh . \"The skeletal remains were nearly five months old, as per forensic experts. We set out to find the other two who were staying with him, and zeroed in on Rajkumar alias Chotu, 21, of Balarampur district in Chhattisgarh, a supervisor at the same factory,\" DCP (Northeast) told TOI.We found there was an ongoing dispute between Rajkumar and Singh, who was working as a pump operator in the factory. \"Rajkumar, who was entrusted with disbursing salaries, often denied Singh his rightful amount. Once, an angry Singh had broken Rajkumar's mobile. Rajkumar had been pestering Singh to replace the mobile, but he refused,\" the officer said.On December 27 last year, Rajkumar and Singh had a couple of drinks and were sleeping in the house, when Rajkumar took a stone boulder and crushed Singh's head. The boulder was found inside the house. He slept in the house till daybreak, then sneaked out and caught a train from Yeshwanthpur,\" the DCP said.He said it took some time for police to find the occupants of the house and they had to screen another colleague staying with the accused and deceased. Rajkumar was remanded to judicial custody, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13731645", "title": "DC comics to relaunch Green Lantern as gay superhero", "text": "The original Green Lantern, who has been one of the major characters in DC Comics for the past 70 years, will be revealed as a gay man in the upcoming issue of 'Earth 2'.Alan Scott, formerly a married father of two who first appeared in 1940, tips readers off to his sexuality early on in the comic when he gives his boyfriend a welcome home kiss.\"He's very much the character he was. He's still the pinnacle of bravery and idealism. He's also gay,\" the New York Post quoted 'Earth 2' writer James Robinson as saying.The Emerald Guardian's sexuality was rebooted along with the rest of his fictional universe as part of DC's \"New 52\" initiative aimed at rejuvenating their characters.Robinson said he decided to make the change because making the character young again meant erasing Scott's gay superhero son out of existence.\"The only downside of his being young was we lose his son, Obsidian, who's gay. So I thought, 'Why not make Alan Scott gay?'\"That was the seed that started it,\" Robinson said.He ran his idea by the bosses at DC, \"who signed off on it without hesitation.\"Robinson, a British writer who lives in San Francisco with his wife, is no stranger to gay characters - he wrote DC's \"Starman\" comic in the 1990s, a groundbreaking title that starred a homosexual superhero. He said the only agenda he's pushing is reality.\"It's a realistic depiction of society,\" he said. \"You have to move with the times.\"He said he did hope the character - who's the most powerful member of DC's superteam, the Justice Society - would be an inspiration.\"He's a type-A personality who doesn't hide in the shadows.\"I hope he's a positive figure. If there's some kind of kid out there who's reading the comic and who's worried about the person he is, maybe it will give him a positive sense of who he is. Or maybe a different kid will read it and decide I don't need to bully some kind of kid in school,\" Robinson said.While a gay wedding in Archie Comics earlier this year and impending same-sex nuptials in a Marvel X-Men comic have recieved a small amount of backlash from angry parents, Robinson said he's not worried about that because \"that kind of negativity is stupid and outmoded.\"\"We should be preaching love and tolerance,\" he said.The character is different than the more modern Green Lantern, ladies' man Hal Jordan , who stars in his own comics and is a member of an extraterrestrial police force called the Green Lantern Corps. Jordan's also part of DC's Justice League with Wonder Woman, Batman, Superman, the Flash and Aquaman.In the current \"New 52\" continuity, the Alan Scott Green Lantern and the Justice Society operate in a different universe than the Justice League.Robinson said in the \"Earth 2\" universe, Scott is the sole Green Lantern, and \"the strongest, most important super-powered character\" in the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13713766", "title": "Electronic engineer is a mastermind in job fraud", "text": "NAGPUR: Hudkeshwar police has launched a manhunt for a 21-year-old trickster, a qualified electronic engineer, who had a well-oiled network of fraud placement agency. Swapnil Sarkare, alias Amit, has been booked in a cheating case by the Hudkeshwar police after it came to fore that he has duped around two dozen job aspirants to the tune of Rs19.40 lakhs.Sarkare, earlier employed with a handsome salary, wanted fast money which prompted him to switch to swindling. Promising jobs in government and public sector, Sarkare tricked unemployed youths. After receiving amounts as process fees, Sarkare had also furnished bogus appointment letters from different government agencies to the vulnerable job seekers.Kishore Gorle along with his two brothers too had approached Sarkare who had opened an office at Nandanvan. Sarkare lured them with a false promise of jobs as ticket checkers in the railways. The Gorle brothers learnt to have made certain payments too as per Sarkare's demand. Though the Gorles had been frequenting Sarkare's office for the last one year, there was no jobs for them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13727353", "title": "Independent MLA shot at in Delhi, in critical condition", "text": "NEW DELHI: Independent MLA Bharat Singh was shot at this morning in Delhi by unknown attackers with police suspecting it to be a case of personal rivalry.A passerby Dharampal was also injured in the incident which took place near the MLA's office in Najafgarh's Sarangpur village at around 8:30 AM, a senior police official said.According to TV reports, Singh is in a critical condition.According to the official, four to five people came and opened fire at Singh, the 35-year-old MLA from Najafgarh, who suffered a bullet injury. Dharampal, a villager who was passing through the area also, was caught in the firing and got injured.Both were rushed to the hospital and are undergoing treatment.\"We are investigating the matter. No arrests have been made,\" the official said.Singh is the brother of MCD councillor Krishan Pahalwan against whom there are several criminal cases, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "13716679", "title": "Prosecution witnesses petitions in Virbhadra CD case dismissed", "text": "SHIMLA: The Himachal Pradesh high court Thursday dismissed two petitions filed by main prosecution witnesses -- Dr Kapil Mohan, managing director Mohan Mekin, and Prem Chand Jain -- in a corruption case involving former chief minister Virbhadra Singh.The two had approached the court alleging that their statements recorded under Section 161 of CrPC in the CD case registered against Virbhadra Singh were false and forged. The duo had urged the court to order an inquiry by a senior judicial authority.The division bench, comprising Chief Justice Kurian Joseph and Justice Dharm Chand Chaudhary, noted that in accordance with criminal procedure code, the petitioners needed to approach the investigating officer to allow them for recording their statement under Section 164 of CrPC or the trial court would consider all the issues at an appropriate stage.The court recorded that in case further investigation was required, the investigating officer can take appropriate steps in accordance with law.In their petitions, Mohan and Jain had alleged that their statement was never recorded by any investigating officer and that they only came to know about it through newspapers. They had also pleaded that their alleged statements were defamatory and that they had no remedy but to approach high court for deletion of their name from the list of witnesses as they cannot approach the magistrate for recording of statements under section 164 CrPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13716852", "title": "Bus brake fails, 24 hurt", "text": "LUDHIANA: A bus taking pilgrims from Vaishno Devi to Badrinath-Kedarnath toppled near Khanna on Friday morning due to malfunctional brakes. As many as 24 passengers were injured and admitted to a private hospital in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13731105", "title": "Two stories in one movie", "text": "Director Prem Modi's 'Arjun' combines two of Samaresh Mazumdar's riveting novels; the onus to solve the mystery is on crowd artiste Om Director Prem Modi's film, Arjun , is based on two riveting novels - Khunkharapi and Kalimpong e Sitahoron - from the Arjun series by Samaresh Mazumdar. In the film, the two stories have been combined into one. While Om plays the lead, Surojit of Bhoomi has scored for the flick.In the first novel, mentor Amol Shome takes Arjun on a trip to Kalimpong. There they meet Amol's old friend, Bistubabu. During their sightseeing trips, Arjun notices some suspicious activity by a Bhutanese youth. In the end, it is revealed that the youth is a member of a gang that's trying to steal valuables from Kalimpong's monastery. In the second novel, Mr Roy, an NRI, comes to stay in Kalimpong. While his agenda is to rehabilitate his drug addict daughter, Sita, soon her friend, Peter, arrives in the hill town. Roy fears that Peter might elope with Sita. The mystery begins to unfold once Arjun camps at Roy's house.\"Arjun comes to Roy's house to keep an eye on Sita but later discovers that Sita's nurse, Neelam, has yet another side to her. Two murders occur at the residence. Can Arjun solve the riddle is what the film is all about. I must admit that Om (Arjun) is doing a marvellous job and I'm sure that the audience will be able to connect with this young detective,\" says the director. Om, a crowd artiste, still can't believe that he is playing the film's lead. \"I started my career as a crowd artiste in serials and films. Just to try my luck, I went for the auditions of \"Arjun\" and got selected. Things changed overnight,\" says Om. Ask him about his fave detective and Om says, \"Feluda is my all-time favourite. Soumitra Chatterjee as Feluda is unparalleled.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13712609", "title": "Snatchers attack 3 in south Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three people-two women and a retired colonel-were looted by men on vehicles in two separate cases at south Delhi's Sarojini Nagar area on Thursday evening. The looted goods are yet to be recovered in both cases, police said.In the first case, one Kalyani Sinha was returning from the Sarojini Nagar market in a three-wheeler along with her sister-in-law, Sandhya Sinha. \"When both women reached the Vijay Raje Scindia Marg in the TSR, two bikers came from behind and snatched bags containing valuables from Sandhya. Kalyani caught hold of the pillion rider's hand and tried to stop him. The accused tried to dragg Kalyani out of the moving auto and in this scuffle Kalyani fell down injuring her hand and feet. She was later admitted at AIIMS while the accused managed to get away,\" the FIR states. Both the victims are residing at the Jawaharlal Nehru University campus.Police, however, deny the dragging incident. \"Kalyani was admitted to AIIMS as she is hyper-sensitive,'' said a Sarojini Nagar officer.In the other incident, a 62-year-old retired colonel with the Indian Army was looted of cash while he was repairing his car on his way home. \"Colonel Amit Kumar Seth was returning home in his Honda City car when it developed a hitch. He was mending the car when some accused came in an i-10 and snatched his briefcase containing cash and valuables worth over Rs 60,000. The accused even tried to hand over the bag to a biker from the same gang.Amit tried to catch them but the accused tried to knock him down. Amit called the PCR and the accused biker, Prakash, was held. The other accused managed to escape.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "shimoga", "code": "13719811", "title": "Shimoga tops among graduate voters", "text": "SHIMOGA: Graduate voters of Shimoga district will play a prominent role in deciding the winner of the South-West graduate legislative council seat with the election due on June 10. The constituency spread over in six districts of southern part of the state includes Shimoga, Davanagere (two taluks), Chikmaglaur, Coorg, Udupi and South Canara.Out of the total 57,237 voters, 21,699 voters are eligible to vote from Shimoga district.Similarly, the South Teachers' constituencies, for which the election will be held on the same day with same areas, consist of 15,888 teachers as eligible voters.South Canara district has the highest number of voters in the constituency.All the three major political parties have fielded their candidates for both areas.The sitting member and chairman of the council, D H Shankara Murthy, is trying his luck to get elected from the graduate constituency for the fourth time in a row. But, surprisingly he is facing a stiff challenge for the first time from a young Congress candidate.SP Dinesh is an advocate and belongs to the majority Lingayat community. There are five other independents in the fray.Hectic electioneering is in progress in all taluks. During the last election, the percentage of votes polled failed to touch 50% . A candidate needs to get 51% preferential first votes to get elected in the elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13716802", "title": "Hoardings hinder firefighting", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The haphazard hoardings and billboards put up by traders in various markets of the city, besides becoming an eyesore also play a major hindrance in firefighting operations in case of emergency.In a fire mishap on Wednesday, large hoardings installed at the site in the commercial complex in Sector 34 hindered the operations of firemen, as they failed to target water cannons towards the affected area. Besides this, many other commercial complexes of the city and markets have been constantly violating the norms, but the authorities have turned a blind eye towards them.On Wednesday, fire broke out in a wooden ceiling of Sector 34 based computer storage shop and firemen had a tough time dousing the flame due to installation of illegal hoardings or billboards on the way. Finally, they had to break the hoardings to control the fire, which resulted in loss of precious time. \"Thankfully, there were no people inside the premises otherwise we would have not been able to rescue them in time, due to illegal hoardings installed in the way,\" said a firemen, who was engaged in the operation.Station fire officer Sham Singh, under whose leadership the entire operation was conducted, said, \"It was very difficult for us to control the fire as illegal hoardings were installed in haphazard manner. Finally, our firemen had to break these hoardings to douse the flames. I am going to send a detailed report in this regard to senior officers.\"Not only in Sector 34, the violators are breaching the norms across the city including in the commercial areas and markets of sectors 35, 17, 20, 21 22, 9, 8, 26, 15, 11, 45, 44, 43, 45 and Manimajra.Municipal commissioner Vivek Partap Singh said, \"This is a very serious matter. We will soon compile the details of all violators and penalize them. Though, in the past also we ran a campaign against such violators, but we would have to continue running these and take strict action.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "13712038", "title": "Dudhwa has lost 7 tigers in 5 years", "text": "BAHRAICH: Once limited to illegal cutting of hundreds of valuable trees, the forest mafia has now set its eyes on the tiger, the national animal. And, the biggest sufferer seems to be Dudhwa national park, as despite getting special attention by the chief minister Akhilesh Yadav , the reserved forest area is still facing the menace of illegal poaching of tigers. Though the death of the tigers is still under investigation, there is a big question on the security of the tigers in the Dudhwa national park. The circumstances under which the tiger carcasses were found drop enough hints that poaching cannot be ruled out.Seven tigers so far have met unnatural death in the last five years at Dudhwa tiger reserved area. The first incident of tiger death occurred about four and half years ago at Khutar Road where the carcass of a male tiger was found. In 2009 the carcass of a tiger was found at Bankey Ganj canal. In 2010 the carcass of another tiger was found near Paraspur check post, the tiger was electrocuted to death. In the same year the carcass of another tiger was also found in Sutiya Nala at Paraspur area, some parts and nails of the tiger were missing. Later the carcass of one more tiger was found entangled in the bushes near Santgarh farm at Kishanpur range. Few days later the carcass of another tiger was also found here who was electrocuted to death. In 2011, a female tiger was hit by a DCM and died on Mailani Road and on Sunday after the carcass of a tiger was found at Kishanpur sanctuary, this is the seventh case of tiger death in the last five years.It may be noted that the carcass of a tiger was found on the forest route of Kataiyya village to Kishanpur of Kishanpur sanctuary under Dudhwa national park. The injury marks were found on the body of the tiger and the carcass was badly stinking. It is being ascertained that the death of the tiger occurred three days ago. The forest department is waiting for the post-mortem report to know the cause of the death. The carcass of the tiger was handed over to the warden of Mailani area Mohd Ahmad of Indian Veterinary Research Institute, Bareilly. The negligence of the forest department has also come to light after the carcass of the tiger was found. Two days before this incident, carcass of the two tigers were also found at Haripur range of Pilibhit one after the other, they also died under mysterious circumstances and Dudhwa park was put on high alert following the incident but here a tiger was also found dead. The injury marks on the body clearly indicated that the tiger was subjected to poaching. The forest officials reached the spot and said that the tiger died due to infighting, but it cannot be accepted because there are no marks of jaws and claws of the other tiger found on his body. On the contrary the marks found on the tiger's body indicate that he was subjected to poaching. Wildlife expert KK Mishra says that the death of the tigers at Dudhwa is not the result of infighting because there was no external injury on the body. \"The tiger died of electrocution,\" Mishra said.How old the carcass of the tiger found at Kishanpur sanctuary was is also a big question. The villagers in the neighbourhood said that the carcass was badly stinking and the body was completely decomposed. The deputy director of Dudhwa Ganesh Bhatt said that a veterinary doctor was called after the carcass was found who examined the carcass and said that the tiger died 12 to 14 hours ago. The dog squad of the Sashastra Seema Bal proved to be of little help, as it inspected a radius of 100 metres, but found no substantial clues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13712531", "title": "Now, women cops to handle rape cases", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rape cases will now be investigated with greater sensitivity as only women officers will be allowed to interact with victims. In a written order, special commissioner (law and order) Dharmendra Kumar has directed all district DCPs to ensure that only women sub-inspectors and inspectors are assigned rape cases. Recently, 11 women officers from the special branch and security units were transferred to police stations for this purpose.\"We have drawn up a list of 33 women officers - three from each district - to investigate such cases for the time being,'' said Kumar. Sources added that the order also lays down that these officers \"should not be overburdened with other cases\" until the rape cases under them are disposed of in court.DCPs and ACPs have been instructed to arrange special training for these investigators, especially with the CBI, so that blood, semen and DNA samples of the accused are collected and preserved properly. \"In view of the observations made by the court that the FSL results were sometimes inconclusive because the samples are putrefied, the senior officers will arrange special short courses to emphasize the urgent need to deposit these exhibits at the earliest with FSL, Rohini,'' the order stated.The DCPs will have to submit a written report every time there is a delay. Police have also written to the Delhi principal secretary (home) requesting that the Rohini forensic lab be directed to submit its reports within 10 days of submission of samples.After an internal police report found that none of the city police stations had a refrigerator to stock forensic evidence, it has now been proposed under the modernization scheme to allow them to buy these. \"Even murder evidence is lost due to non-availability of basic equipment like refrigerators,'' a source said.Among other recommendations, the commissioner has asked for all chargesheets to be submitted in 45-60 days and the home ministry's help has been sought to make forensic labs complete their reports at the earliest. While a rape victim is at the police station, the SHO's room will be vacated and its toilet made available for her use. Not only victims but also the counselors will be provided vehicles round the clock, the order states. \"Whenever a bail matter is listed for a rape accused, the lawyer of the Delhi Commission for Women should be immediately informed at the Rape Crisis Cell,'' the order states.Delhi Police had started its transformation into a gender sensitive force with women-friendly police stations in North Campus and South Campus and women personnel on motorcycle patrol around educational institutions and girls' hostels. Surprise checks on buses and women-focused policing will also be on the police agenda this year which has already seen a number of sensational crimes committed against woman, including the abduction and gangrape of young women in Dhaula Kuan and Mongolpuri. The city has witnessed a sharp increase in rape and molestation cases last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "ara (bhojpur district)", "code": "13716423", "title": "Ranvir Sena founder shot", "text": "Ara (Bhojpur district): About half-a-dozen unidentified gunmen on Friday shot dead the founder of banned Ranvir Sena, the dreaded private militia of landowning people, Brahmeshwar Singh alias Mukhiyaji, near his Katira locality residence under the Nawada police station area here at around 4.30am.According to an eyewitness account, armed miscreants carrying sophisticated weapons pumped several bullets into him when he was on his morning stroll near his residence. Mukhiyaji, a resident of Khopira village in Sandesh block in the district, shot to infamy in 1994 when he launched Ranvir Sena, which was involved in several massacres in various parts of the state till his arrest in Patna in August 2002. He was released from jail in April last year.It is apprehended that his murder may lead to a fresh violence, specially in nine districts - Gaya, Aurangabad, Jehanabad, Arwal, Bhojpur, Buxar, Rohtas, Kaimur and Patna - which formed the core zone of Ranvir Sena's underground activities.The news of his sensational killing spread like a wildfire in the district and neighbouring areas. Mukhiyaji's supporters went berserk, burning some government offices and buildings, damaging police and government vehicles and dozens of private motorcycles. They set ablaze hostel for the SC &amp; ST, Circuit House, office of the block development officer, the Bihar Education Project office and the district agriculture office.The entire town wore a deserted look as if an undeclared curfew was imposed though the district administration clamped Section 144 and the town was converted into a police camp.The irate supporters of Mukhiyaji didn't spare even the SP and DGP. They first pushed and shoved Bhojpur SP M R Nayak in the morning, and later, one of them even gave a hard push to state DGP Abhayanand when he went to meet the dependents of Singh at his house. Of course, the surprised DGP regained his poise and cool the very next moment and moved on,Talking to reporters at the local Sadar hospital, the DGP said that an FIR has been lodged against unidentified people. The forensic experts have taken samples for further investigation. He assured the agitating crowd that the culprit would be arrested soon.Chief minister Nitish Kumar , who has been camping at Bhagalpur since Wednesday evening as part of his pre-announced Sewa Yatra, said that social harmony should be maintained at any cost. He assured that stern action would be taken against the culprits.When the BJP MLA from Sandesh assembly constituency of Bhojpur district, Sanjay Tiger, went to the spot, the angry mob beat him up, forcing him to flee.Agitating people blocked the entry points to the district. Some young supporters blocked the main Patna-Ara road near Bihta itself in protest. If the local residents are to be believed, more than 5,000-strong mob ruled the streets of the town, indulging in acts of vandalism. All the six AC rooms and the meeting and dining halls of the recently-renovated circuit house were completely burned. Another new circuit house building in the same complex was also not spared. Protesters also set ablaze all the four AC rooms and convention hall of the new circuit house building. Sunil Kumar, caretaker of the circuit house, Sunil Kumar had to flee when the agitators entered the circuit house premises. \"I saved my life by jumping the boundary wall of the circuit house,\" he told TOI.The BDO office's was also set afire. All the six government vehicles parked on the BDO office premises were also burned. The protesters also set ablaze two milk tankers of the Ara Dairy. Protesters also damaged railway offices at the Ara railway station and paralysed the movement of several trains passing through the town on the main Howrah-Delhi route.The situation in the town came under control only after the arrival of DGP Abhayanand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13713014", "title": "Sebi DGM, middleman in CBI net on bribery charges", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has arrested a deputy general manager (DGM) of Securities and Exchange Bureau of India (Sebi) and a middleman on bribery charges. Sebi had barred an Ahmedabad-based share trading company from trading last September for alleged market manipulation using Global Depository Receipts (GDR) issues and initiated an enquiry against the firm.\"The DGM, Avarjeet Singh of Sebi, who was conducting investigation had issued show cause notice to the firm of the complainant. The complainant came in contact with the Mumbai-based middleman Ashok Mehta, who assured to get the work done in favour of the complainant, claiming close contact with the Sebi official,\" CBI said in a statement. It said Mehta had allegedly demanded Rs 25 lakh from the complainant on behalf of the Sebi official.\"The complainant also met the Sebi official who asked him to give the bribe amount to the middleman. The accused asked for Rs 10 lakh as the first installment of bribe. As the complainant did not want to pay the bribe, he lodged complaint with CBI,\" the statement added. The agency laid a trap and the middleman who came to Ahmedabad for taking delivery of the bribe was caught while accepting illegal gratification of Rs 10 lakh on behalf of Singh.The Sebi official was also arrested. Searches were conducted at the premises of the middleman and the SEBI official in both Mumbai and New Delhi. The accused were produced in court, the CBI said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "sagar island (south 24-parganas)", "code": "13714589", "title": "Mamata Banerjee balances religious act with Sagar visit", "text": "SAGAR ISLAND (SOUTH 24-PARGANAS): If her talking to imams and visits to mazars has been frowned upon in certain quarters, Mamata Banerjee on Friday balanced her stance by paying a visit to the Kapil Muni temple in the Sagar island. She also spent quite some time with temple mahanta Gyan Das.Flanked by her relatives, who went with her on the holy trip, the CM announced grand plans for the temple and to promote religious tourism in the area. She spiced it up with the promise of setting up a university and medical college in the district, and revamping the economy with the much talked about deep sea port at Sagar, a plan that didn't see the light of the day during the Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee government.The Kapil Muni temple, some 140km from Kolkata, is one of the most popular pilgrim spots in the country. The Gangasagar Mela here draws lakhs of devotees every year. The Sagar Island is quite huge - some 300sqkm across - and has 43 villages with a population of over 160,000.Mamata, whose government brought electricity to the island, said, \"When I came to this place the last time there was no electricity. It makes me happy that things have changed. Who or what stopped them (the Left Front) from developing this as a pilgrim centre of international standards?\" Mamata said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13715778", "title": "Property tax back in Haryana", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Haryana government on Friday brought back the unpopular property tax - set to draw ire of people living in township cities like Gurgaon, Faridabad, Panchkula, Sonipat and Panipat - barely two years after it exempted tax on residential and commercial properties in the state.According to the new plan, a token amount of Re 1 per square yard will be levied on the residential properties up to 250 square yards. For flats spread on more than 500 square feet of land and houses more than 250 square yards, the house tax will be calculated with the collector rate multiplied by 0.00075 per square yard/feet. Those living in rented accommodation are likely to be worst hit.Dubbing the new tax as a measure to rationalize property exemptions in the state, Haryana government, strongly defended its move. \"There are 16 lakh assesses of property tax across the state. Around 13 lakh fall in the category of Re 1 per square feet,\" said financial commissioner and principal secretary (FCPS), Ram Niwas.The property tax on self-occupied institutional and industrial properties would be calculated with collector rate multiplied by 0.001. For commercial properties, the tax will be collector rate multiplied by 0.001875. Even the government buildings come under the ambit of the property tax added with fire tax.Except for freedom fighters, ward widows and ex-servicemen who are occupying their houses, the government has withdrawn all existing exemptions.As far as the arrears are concerned, people have an option of paying arrears on the basis of the old system as well as the new system of assessments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13714686", "title": "Two women corporators likely to be disqualified", "text": "NAGPUR: For the first time in the history of Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC), two women corporators are facing the prospect of disqualification. Municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal has given approval to send the disqualification proposal of Congress/Lokmanch corporator Ifthikar Ashrafunisa to the state government and also issue disqualification notice to BJP corporator Swati Akhatkar.Sources told TOI, the decision was taken by Jaiswal at a meeting on Friday evening. \"Municipal secretary Harish Dube will send the disqualification proposal of Ashrafunisa to the government on Saturday. She will be disqualified and not remain corporator once the government gives its approval. Dube will also issue disqualification notice to Akhatkar on Saturday, directing her to file reply within 48 hours. Later, her disqualification proposal will be prepared and sent to the government,\" said sources.Ashrafunisa was elected from Hansapuri ward-29 in Satranjipura Zone, Central Nagpur. After her victory, a complaint was lodged with the NMC against her. The complainant alleged that Ashrafunisa had three children whereas she had mentioned just two children in the nomination papers.No person with more than two children is not allowed to contest elections. Therefore, Jaiswal had asked the collector and additional municipal commissioner Saurabh Rao to conduct hearing on the case of Ashrafunisa. After required process, Rao submitted the report to Jaiswal.The report mentions that Ashrafunisa failed to prove that she had two children. Therefore, Jaiswal has directed Dube to send the disqualification proposal to the government.Akhatkar was elected from Mhalgi Nagar ward-62 in Nehru Nagar Zone, South Nagpur. She was in the news over her husband's action on May 23. Her husband Chandrakant was reportedly caught red-handed selling potable water supplied by NMC outside the city limits.Chandrakant took a permission slip in his wife's name from NMC to take a 4,000 litres water tanker, ostensibly to supply water in her ward. But he was caught selling the water in Narsala gram panchayat area. When caught by NMC's junior engineer WD Firke, his aides slapped the officer. Chandrakant and two supporters were arrested the same day. Later, officials and staffers of NMC's water works department asked Jaiswal to take stringent action against Akhatkar. Accordingly, Jaiswal has directed issue of disqualification notice to Akhatkar.In the municipal election held in February, 74 women were elected as corporators from the 145 seats. If these two corporators are disqualified, NMC will have to go for bye-poll according to directives of the State Election Commission.No woman corporator has ever faced disqualification in NMC history. Besides, no corporator has lost membership following complaint of more children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13711497", "title": "Urdu Wikipedia to be up and running soon", "text": "NEW DELHI: Can Mirza Ghalib be made cool? It's a tough challenge but one that some Urdu scholars are willing to take up. Keen to make Urdu culture, poetry, language and traditions accessible to the young generation, especially the growing diaspora, India will soon boast of its first Urdu Wikipedia.The Urdu Wiki, its current tentative nomenclature, will work along the lines of Wikipedia allowing readers to edit and add comments. Mooted by the National Council for Promotion of Urdu Language (NCPUL), instituted by the human resource development ministry, the project is likely to be up and running in June.\"We want the young generation to be interested in Urdu literature and culture,'' Khwaja Mohammed Ekramuddin, NCPUL director, said.The council will initially upload nine volumes of the Urdu encyclopedia that covers subjects ranging from arts, science, politics and culture. It also plans to place a team of people to edit and update comments posted on the Urdu Wiki.There are plans to tie up with Kindle and upload 1,200 Urdu books that can be downloaded for free. The council has also begun work on Urdu digital dictionary and online Urdu classes.\"There are several people who are interested in the language. We would like to provide them with the access of online learning,'' Ekramuddin said. The online classes will be serviced through about 400 NCPUL centres across the country. The online course work, complete with animation, pronunciation classes and segments on alphabets, language and literature, will be ready by October. The council is also working on a video bank to supplement e-learning with visuals of customs, festivals and other events.Sources said this concerted effort was being made to reach out to the Indian diaspora across the world. India has been so far left behind by Pakistan and other countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "13714150", "title": "Pantry car staffer falls off train, dies", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: The Andhra Pradesh Express heading to Hyderabad was stranded for over three hours at Majri railway station after a pantry-car staffer met with a freak accident on the train on Friday afternoon. Employee Pankaj Singh (22) fell from the speeding train and his leg got stuck in the suspension spring near the wheel. Doctors amputated the legs of the seriously Singh on the spot to remove him from the spring, but he succumbed to injuries and blood loss.Sources said that Pankaj Singh was standing at the door of the pantry-car in AP Express as it passed by Majri railway station, where train had no stoppage. He fell from the door under the speeding train and one of his leg was immediately severed with the other leg was stuck in the springs. His fellow employees, who saw him falling from the door, immediately raised an alarm and pulled the emergency chain to stop the train. The incident took place at around 12pm.The train had crossed half the platform at Majri railway station before it came to a halt. The pantry employees immediately rushed down to look for Singh and found one of his legs severed, while the other was stuck in the suspension spring of the compartment next to the pantry car. As train was still at the station, other railway employees and GRP staffers too rushed to the scene, but they were helpless in rescuing Singh.\"He was struck in the spring in such a manner that it was impossible to remove him without amputating the leg stuck in the suspension spring. Singh was still conscious and talking to his fellow employees when railway station officers summoned an ambulance and doctors to the spot,\" an eye witness said.Sources said surgeons from Chandrapur and Bhadrawati were rushed to the spot to amputate Singh's leg. However, it took almost three hours for the surgeon to reach the spot. At around 3pm, a doctor from Bhadrawati amputated the leg and removed him from under the train.However, Singh did not survive long and succumbed to injuries before he could be taken to hospital for treatment. The train left the station after a delay of over three hours due to the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13712619", "title": "Is it right to disrupt normal life to protest hike in prices?", "text": "I believe that we need to protest peacefully and not by causing inconvenience to people and damaging public property. On the day of the bandh, thousands of people were inconvenienced as they missed their flights, trains and even their dates with exams, doctors etc. Hordes of tourists were left stranded, above all members of the working class were deprived of their wages for the day.Victor Fernandesfinancial consultant, SiolimIs it right for the government to destroy the common man's life with dodgy implementation of policies and corruption to concentrate wealth in a few hands and get away scot free? I am not a fan of violence but something has to be done to make our leaders understand their rubbish wont be tolerated.Rohit RebelloMarketing, VernaNo, it is not right. Only if people are supporting the protest then it is perfectly fine. Disrupting people's life and forcing them to take part in the protest is like violating their fundamental right to liberty. Besides, protests and bandhs badly affect the daily wage workers, are politically motivated and not beneficial to the people. Several other ways can be adopted to protest against price rise.Sneha SabnisStudent, SanquelimIts senseless to disrupt normal life in protest against any government move, including a hike in prices. There are other ways like holding demonstrations in certain areas to draw the attention of the government to grievances. Apart from severely inconveniencing people, such protests also affect the poorer sections of society very badly. Such disruptions can also endanger lives if the protests turn violent.Danuska Da Gamamedia professional, Saligao", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13731178", "title": "Hansika buys a swanky BMW car", "text": "Bubbly actress Hansika Motwani has gifted herself a navy blue swanky BMW series 5 sedan. The pretty actress has also got her lucky number 9 for her car and took her family for a ride in her brand new sedan. \"I took my mom and brother for the first drive in the night. Adding more happiness to it I got my lucky number 9 for the car and also got the same number for my new flat I bought recently,\" beams Hansika.Hansika expressed her happiness on Twitter. She wrote \"guess the news is out ,hmmm sweet , true that , beamer it is ! happy riding her .. its pretty smooth :) (sic). It's been a great year for the 20 year old actress as she has signed up for \"Settai\" with Arya, \"Singam 2\" with Surya, and \"Vettai Mannan\" with STR. Hansika will now share her happiness with her friends taking them on a drive this weekend, in Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "13717474", "title": "Birhors celebrate success of four students", "text": "BOKARO: The intermediate examination results announced by the Jharkhand Academic Council on Friday made the Birhor community rejoice as it is the first time that four youths from their primitive community has passed the Class XII exams.Santosh Birhor, Ganesh Birhor, Tobolal Birhor and Sawan Birhor were the successful candidates in the arts stream while one of their friends, Chandolal Birhor, failed. Clearing the Class XII is a matter of pride for these youths, especially for Sawan as he is the first and the only one from his community in Khakhanda village to pass the examination. The other three are also the first to qualify in Tulbul village.The Birhor community is on the verge of extinction and has the lowest literacy rate. The credit for their success should go to BSL, which adopted them in 2001. BSL took take care of their education, food and clothes. These four Birhors are among the 15 children whom the BSL adopted. BSL officials, with the help of district welfare officers, brought the boys from their villages. Of them, six children escaped and went back home while the others continued residing at the Training Hostel in Sector-III.All the four successful students are from the Higher Senior Secondary School (HSSS)-III/A. Bahadur Singh, the warden of the Birhor Hostel said he is very happy with their performance. Although they have got third division, the fact that they have laboured so hard is itself an achievement, he said. \"The four were very happy. They had gone to their villages. Santosh called me to say there is celebration at home. Sawan called in the evening to say his parents are very happy as they believe now he will get a job,\" said Singh.Among the four, Santosh scored the highest: 43.2 per cent. Ganesh with 37.6 per cent followed him, while Tobolal and Sawan obtained 35.6 per cent respectively. The chief of communication, BSL, Sanjay Tiwari, said they had groomed these children for the past several years and hoped they could now lead a better life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13712629", "title": "Cops identify crucial link in paper leaks", "text": "MUMBAI: The police have identified a person who is suspected to have played a crucial role in the recent leak of two Mumbai University engineering question papers, meant for exams scheduled on May 23 and 26.An officer said they were waiting for the ongoing examinations to get over before they started questioning the person. During interrogations, if the suspect spilled the beans on others, they would arrest them as well, the official added. The police said they had grilled around seven persons associated with the university before they identified the \"crucial link\". The suspect handled examination-related subjects in the university, said an officer.The university's board of examinations, which met on Friday, will take a call on re-exams only after its inquiry committee, the police and the cyber crime branch submit their reports on paper leak. \"This affects more than 15,000 students. A decision will be taken after all the reports are studied,\" said pro-VC Naresh Chandra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13716082", "title": "Ruckus in Rajdhani Exoress after AC failure", "text": "PATNA: Passengers travelling in 3AC bogie (B-4) of the New Delhi-Patna Rajdhani Express (12310) created ruckus after failure of the AC in the bogie on May 31 night at New Delhi station. They delayed departure of the train, demanding that the fault be repaired first.Irked at non-functioning of the AC in the bogie in such sultry weather condition, passengers insisted on the presence of senior railway officials at the station so that technical snags in the AC could be fixed. However, the train was allowed to leave New Delhi on assurances that the fault would be repaired at Aligarh station.According to railway sources, as the fault was not repaired at Aligarh, agitated passengers broke windowpanes of the AC bogie to allow fresh air. Railway electrical staff, who tried to repair the fault on the running train, were assaulted by a few passengers, sources said.According to divisional railway manager (DRM), Danapur, L M Jha, the entire Rajdhani Express rake was of Danapur division. It was maintained at Rajendra Nagar coaching complex, he said. The AC fault was repairable by the staff escorting the train from Patna. Unfortunately, they were not allowed by angry passengers to check the AC panel for repair, he added. In fact, they were roughed up by agitated passengers, the DRM said.Acting swiftly, railways attached an extra AC chair car coach to Rajdhani Express at Kanpur to enable passengers to travel comfortably from Kanpur to Patna. It is just a chance that the AC failed in the LHB coach, otherwise ACs in LHB coaches are foolproof, the DRM said.According to aggrieved passengers, railways should have checked the condition of AC bogies of a premier train like Rajdhani Express at New Delhi station itself before placement of the rake on platform. Furious passengers pulled alarm chain of the train several times between Aligarh and Kanpur. Other Rajdhani Express trains scheduled to run behind Patna Rajdhani Express were detained for about to two to three hours, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13720336", "title": "Rs 8,000 crore for Uttar Pradesh's power sector", "text": "LUCKNOW: An ailing power sector got a dose of more than Rs 8,000 crore in the state budget tabled by chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Friday. While less than half of this -- Rs 3429.48 crore -- will be spent on strengthening the distribution network and adding generation capacity, Rs 4040 crore will go as a grant to the UP Power Corporation Limited to bail it out from an ever mounting debt.Barely a day ago, the state government lambasted the previous Mayawati government for mounting dues to the tune of Rs 25,000 crore on UPPCL. Yadav said that the compensatory provision, which was 47% more than last year, has been made to ensure that the corporation provides power at concessional rates to the consumers.A major part of the state budgetary allocation has been made towards strengthening the distribution network and upgrading the existing power generation plants. The state government is of the view that though the previous regime proposed to set up power plants though the MoU route, they never came up in the absence of coal linkages. The Mayawati government had proposed to set up power plants through MoU route with a combined capacity of 15,000 Mw. The agreement period is set to expire by June 10 after which the MoU would stand nullified.Chief minister Akhileh Yadav said that they intend to strengthen the power plants like Rosa and Lanco power plants, which were proposed during the previous SP government. The two power plants have been facing coal crisis for sometime for one or the other reason. While Rosa faced the coal shortage, the Lanco was not having its coal handling plant in order. The grant could therefore go a long way in putting these two crucial power plants in a better state.The state government also made budgetary allocation of Rs 100 crore for the Rajiv Gandhi Rural Electrification Scheme.Likewise, the state government also proposed a sum of Rs 100 crore for solar power. According to experts, the cost of production in case of solar power is to the tune of Rs 13 crore per megawatt. Given this, the sanctioned amount would only suffice for less than 10 Mw.A budgetary provision of Rs 127.60 crore has also been proposed for lump sum payment of outstanding electricity bills of power looms weavers in a bid to provide relief to them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13711309", "title": "Mangar: Forest ministry had asked Haryana to stall plan", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after the Haryana government notified the Mangar Development Plan, the ministry of environment and forest (MoEF) had written to the state asking it to put the plan in abeyance. The letter dated May 18 says that the plan should be stalled till the state prepares the district forest map.The ministry wrote to the state after environment activist and treasurer of Mission Gurgaon Development, colonel (retd) Sarvadaman Oberoi shot a letter to the ministry seeking its intervention for the protection of deemed forests in the Aravalis, including Mangarbani sacred grove. The activist said in the letter that the state government has plans to use forest lands for non-forest activities, including a mega tourism complex.The MoEF has cited some important judgments of the Supreme Court - taken in 1996, 2004 and 2011 - in the letter. Quoting a December 1996 judgment, the letter says that the apex court has asked every state to constitute an expert committee to identify forest areas, irrespective of whether they were notified, recognized or classified under any law. States were told to identify areas which were earlier forests but now stand degraded or denuded. Governments also had to name areas covered by plantations belonging to both the government and private owners.In 2011, the apex court again asked states to prepare geo-referenced district forest maps with details of the location and boundary of each plot that may be defined as a forest. In September, the MoEF wrote to the chief secretaries and chief conservators of forests to draw and execute a time-bound plan for preparation of these maps. In its latest letter, the ministry has asked the Haryana government to expedite the preparation of such maps.\"Going by the 1996 SC judgment, the Mangarbani area with dense tree cover is nothing but forest. Locals have protected it for generations since they consider it a sacred spot. So, any move to divert a portion of that land for non-forest activity is a violation,\" said Tykee Malhotra, an environment activist who had first opoosed the Haryana government when it has planned a European Technology Park in Mangar.Government sources say if Haryana does not comply with the MoEF direction, the ministry can issue a show cause notice to the state. Moreover, it can raise the issue when Haryana approaches the Centre for getting approval for conducting non-forest activities on forest land. Haryana chief secretary P K Chaudhary was not available for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "13712304", "title": "4 smugglers escape, Behror police role under scanner", "text": "ALWAR: Four men who were arrested by Madhya Pradesh police for smuggling narcotics managed to escape allegedly from the custody of Alwar's Behror police on Friday. Police said some accomplices of the accused attacked the MP police team. Some members of the MP police team have accused Behror police of being hand-in-glove with the accused. They alleged that accomplices of the accused men's were informed about their arrest by the Behror police.According to a sub-inspector of MP police Pushpa Singh, they had arrested one Saleem for smuggling narcotics in MP. \"During interrogation, he revealed the names of some others involved in the smuggling racket. I and four other constables had brought Saleem to Behror to nab other accused,\" Singh said.She added that on identification by Saleem, his three friends - Omprakash, Pawan Agrawal and Sanjay Soni - were arrested on Friday. \"We handed them over to the Behror police for their arrest and registering a case against them in Behror immediately after the arrest on Friday,\" the officer said.She added that as soon as the MP police team was leaving, some men, apparently friends of the accused who were arrested, attacked them.\"On the pretext of saving us, the Behror policemen rushed to us giving the four men an opportunity to escape from the spot,\" Singh said.She alleged that the accomplices knowing about the arrest of the four men bring the role of Behror police under suspicion.Behror police said a search is on for the four men. \"If there had been any negligence on part of the policemen at Behror, action would be taken against them,\" a senior police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "pudukkottai", "code": "13719452", "title": "Police seize Rs 3 lakh in Pudukkottai", "text": "PUDUKKOTTAI: With the by-election to the Pudukkottai Assembly constituency round the corner, the police on Friday seized Rs 3 lakh during a vehicle check in Sivapuram in Pudukkotai.The police set up vehicle check posts at eight places in the constituency since the model code of conduct came into effect ahead of the by-poll. Besides that, the flying squads are also conducting surprise raids.On Friday morning, a flying squad comprising deputy tahsildars Tamilmani, Nagarajan and other officials intercepted a car in Sivapuram in Pudukkottai. They also seized Rs 3 lakh from the car. The investigation revealed R Kannan (41) from Ananthamangalam in Nagappattinam, a businessman, was returning home from Madurai by car, but could not produce documents for the money. So, the police confiscated the money and handed it over the returning officer S Muthumari after registering a case.The police said the number of unaccounted money cases touched 16 with the seizure of the Rs 3 lakh. They have so far seized Rs 61.34 lakh in vehicle checks.In addition to the existing rules for the by-election, district collector V Kalaiarasi on Friday said campaigning should not be conducted after 5 pm on June 10, 2012. Those who camped in the constituency for the election campaign should not stay after the stipulated time. If there is any violation, they will be liable for two years imprisonment or penalty. A candidate can seek permission for three vehicles on the day of the election, for his cadre, agent and himself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13716212", "title": "BSEB: Pay your powerbills online through 43 banks", "text": "PATNA: There is good news for the power consumers as Bihar State Electricity Board (BSEB) has provided them the facility of online payment of their bills through 43 nationalized banks from Friday.Earlier, the BSEB had started this online and debit card facility through Canara Bank and State Bank of India (SBI) only for its 32 lakh consumers.BSEB director (public relations) Hare Ram Pandey said the consumers would not have to pay any extra charge to avail this facility. A consumer would just have to get connected with the BSEB website - - and type his consumer number or consumer account number. Then the consumer would have to select his division and his electric bill would appear on the screen, Pandey said and added that the consumer would have to select the bank for payment and then he would get his receipt of payment online.Pandey said the facility would now enable consumers to make payments either from their houses or any other place round the clock. They would not have to wait in queue for hours for paying their electric bills. The BSEB would instantly get the cash.He said the BSEB has already started 4,942 centres through Vasudha to facilitate electric bill payments by the rural population. If they have any problem or complaint regarding online payment, they can SMS their complaints to 9835089443, Pandey said and added that if consumers have any problem regarding their electric bills or new connection and the local electric office was not solving their problems, they could lodge their complaint on telephone number 9430807821. These complaints would be reviewed by Vinayak Chandra Gupta, member, (finance and revenue), BSEB.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "13713657", "title": "Moratorium on loans to fishermen", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: The fisheries minister K Babu said the state government announced moratorium on repayment of loans taken by fishermen from various co-operatives and banks till March next year.The minister was speaking after inaugurating various welfare projects of Matsyafed in Alappuzha. \"The moratorium is applicable to all the banks in the state. Though some loan cases of fishermen are under the consideration of the Kerala State Fishermen Debt Relief Commission, the cooperative societies are trying to take action without considering the opinion of the commission. It is a wrong stand and I had held a meeting with the cooperation minister. He promised that the cooperative societies will not take any action in such cases,'' Babu said.The minister also said that dredging works will be started in seven fishing harbours in the state and procedures are on in this connection. Union minister of state for power K C Venugopal also spoke on the occasion. Matsyafed chairman V Dinakaran presided over the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "13715087", "title": "Gammon India labourers boycott work at Adani Thermal Plant", "text": "GONDIA: Around 8,000 workers of Gammon India Ltd, working at 36 sites in the periphery of Adani Thermal Plant (ADP) near Tiroda have boycotted work since Wednesday, protesting against non-payment of wages for last four monthsMost of the employees, working at various construction sites of ATP, belong to Uttar Pradesh, Bihar and Orissa. They have been complaining of non-payment of salary for three-four months as they were only being paid an advance of Rs 250 to 300 per week. Fifteen days ago a gate meeting of these employees was held in Prembandhan Hall in Tiroda where they decided to launch a united agitation.Welder Ramesh Bisen who was injured in the mishap in the factory on May 7 had openly alleged that the contractors who bring these labourers from others states deliberately hold back their payments to ensure that they don't leave the job.Speaking to TOI, vice-president (civil) OP Bharadwaj and DGM (HR) Sanjay Argade of ATP said that these are individual problems of respective companies. However the duo promised that complaints about non-payment of wages are being seriously considered and every person working in this project will get his full salary.All attempts to contact Gammon India authorities proved futile.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13715429", "title": "Mayor, hubby plan Gujarat trip to study Ahmedabad's Bus Rapid Transit System model", "text": "PUNE: The Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) was launched in the city six years ago. And, in this six years, numerous study tours have been conducted to Ahmedabad by political leaders and 'babus', the recent one being that by NCP MP Supriya Sule and the party's city unit president Vandana Chavan. Despite all this, Pune mayor Vaishali Bankar, her husband and former corporator Sunil Bankar, and other NCP leaders want to visit Ahmedabad to 'study' the Gujarat BRTS model again.\"We need to give a fresh look to the entire project. We will take along all the leaders who are willing to be part of the study tour,\" Vaishali told reporters on Thursday.When asked about the outcome of the earlier study tours, Vaishali said, \"That was earlier. Now, things are changing and we want to know how Ahmedabad has succeeded in implementing the project.\"\"The NCP has decided to restructure the entire project. The party has appointed me as a member of the transport committee of the party to study the BRTS project. We want to correct the past mistakes and bring in a new BRTS based on the Ahmedabad model,\" Sunil said.Sunil had earlier opposed the BRTS, saying that the system is of no use to the city. \"I had opposed it because it was not implemented properly. Now, we want to bring a change in the entire project,\" Sunil said.The proposed tour comes at a time when the civic administration is gearing up to extend the BRTS on 27 more roads. Civic activists have been opposing such tours, arguing that not a single corporator who has been part of such a tour has submitted a report on what he/she learnt during the visit. Besides, in April 2008, the Bombay high court had directed the civic body to formulate rules and regulations for study tours. But, no effort has been made on that front.\"Already there are dozens of reports on the BRTS. Not a single recommendation has been followed. This tour is nothing but a mockery of the people. Politicians should stop such ridiculous pranks and work honestly to implement the real BRTS,\" said activist Vivek Velankar of Sajag Nagrik Manch.The PMC is facing flak for not being able to complete the pilot project on the 16.5 km BRTS stretch from Katraj to Swargate and Swargate to Hadapsar. The project was inaugurated with much fanfare in December 2006. However, it is still incomplete. It lacks basic features such as continuous dedicated lanes, proper pedestrian facilities, off-board ticketing options, bus stations and frequency of buses. Now, with the construction work of a flyover on Satara Road, the pilot project has gone for a toss.\"The NCP should shoulder the expenses of the tour. The PMC should not spend any money for such funfair. On the one hand the civic body is facing a financial crisis, on the other funds are being allocated for junkets which are of no use to the city. People now know that corporators' study tours are nothing but a family trip,\" said Vijay Kumbhar of Surajya Sangharsh Samiti.The tour plan has confused the civic administration also. \"Last year, the PMC standing committee approved a proposal to implement the BRTS on 27 more roads at a cost of Rs 98 crore. Prominent among them are Tilak Road, Bajirao Road, Shivaji Road, FC Road and JM Road. The project report and the implementation plan are ready. We don't know what changes the ruling party wants to bring in,\" said a senior PMC official.Which model to follow?Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and the Congress party want to stick to the existing model of BRTS in Pune which was launched by the Congress in 2006. \"We need the BRTS project and we will bring some reforms in its existing form. This model of BRTS will work in Pune,\" Chavan said during an election campaign in February.NCP's Ajit Pawar, however, has different plans. \"Our city unit chief Vandana Chavan and MP Supriya Sule have visited Ahmedabad to study the BRTS model there. We need to reintroduce the BRTS in Pune on the basis of the Gujarat model. The NCP will implement this model in Pune,\" Pawar had said after releasing the party's manifesto in February.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "13712556", "title": "Beach, please: Sands clear as season ends", "text": "CALANGUTE: The tourism season for the 340-odd beach shacks came to an end on Thursday. All water sports operations, too, ceased on Thursday.Most beach shacks in the tourism belt of Calangute-Candolim were already dismantled, though a few were still operated in the Calangute-Baga area. A shack operator in Sauntavaddo-Calangute said he would start dismantling the shack during the night since the license expires at midnight. His father Lawrence Carrasco, who operates water sports rides in the same area told TOI that though Thursday was the last day he would be allowed to operate, as he was permitted by the captain of ports to operate for a few more days since the sea was not yet rough and it was still safe to take boats out into sea.But, sources in the captain of ports denied having given any such permission. In Candolim and other parts of the northern beach belt like Anjuna and Vagator, all the shacks have already been dismantled and all water sports operators have shut their operations. For residents of Sinquerim the erosion of the beach because of the River Princess was a great handicap. With the beach eroded, there were no shacks and fewer visitors and hence fewer takers for water sports.Until a few years ago, Moses Menezes of Sinquerim was the official water sports operator for the Taj hotels in Sinquerim-Aguada. However, after the erosion of the beach, the hotel terminated the contract because of safety factors since the rocks were exposed.With the change in government, water sports operators are also hoping that the 'Q' system is rigorously enforced in the coming season. Says Peter D'Souza, another waters sports operator, \"As per the license, we're supposed to have a 'Q' system. But even though every year we start with the 'Q' system, one or two operators will break the 'Q' system and then everything descends into chaos.\"Most of the shack operators being traditional fishermen, the off season is also fishing time for them. Apart from the beach shacks and water sports, many resorts will also shut down for the off season which began on June 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13712042", "title": "'State babus need shot in the arm'", "text": "MUMBAI: The state's new chief secretary, Jayant Kumar Banthia, said he wants to put an internal system of checks and balances for the bureaucracy, which is facing heat post-Adarsh.Banthia, who took charge on Friday, believes the mechanism will improve the morale of civil servants, in the wake of the multi-crore housing scam.\"Currently, there is a blur between irregularity and illegality with mala fide intention. We need to look into an allegation on a case-by-case basis and not view every bureaucratic decision with suspicion,\" said Banthia. Bureaucrats in the state secretariat have been drafting a strategy to boost morale of their colleagues. A former bureaucrat said Banthia's main challenge will be to shield bureaucrats from the negative sentiment surrounding decision-making. \"They must be made to believe that a decision taken fearlessly in the right spirit of the law will stand any trial,\" said a former civil servant. Among other things the new chief secretary, who was earlier holding charge as additional chief secretary (public health), wants to focus on improving the quality of life for Mumbaikars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13713094", "title": "No more digging, corporation tell contractors", "text": "COIMBATORE: To ensure that the city roads are not turning into slush pools during rains which is expected in early June,when the rains are expected to lash the city in the coming days the city corporation has decided to instruct the contractors who have taken up underground drainage works in its limits to stop digging fresh pits to lay the pipelines. City mayor SM Velusamy said the existing pits will be covered and the debris deposited along the roadside will be removed before fresh trenches are dug as part of the JNNURM project. They will also be told to complete interlinking of storm water drain channels on a priority basis in the city.\"It could be a major problem for the city residents during the rains and we want to ensure that the works are not being carried out haphazard manner. We have asked the concerned contractors to complete the ongoing projects at the earliest,\" said SM Velusamy, mayor, Coimbatore corporation.The issue was raised in the council meeting today by some councillors and the mayor responded by assuring that removal debris of the trenches dug for UGD and covering them properly will be ensured in the coming days. The councillors also alleged that the mud dug out for laying the pipelines were being carelessly dumped in the drain channels along the roads.\"The UGD laying work has been a major issue in my ward for almost a year now and nearby areas in Rathinapuri. Even after repeated instructions, the contractors and their employees are not bothered to do anything about proper disposal of dirt,\" said Meena Loganathan, councillor ward no 49., Coimbatore corporation.The city corporation has also decided to implement round the clock water supply to the recently added areas and a detailed project report has been prepared with an estimate of Rs 641 crores. Majority of the newly added areas are reeling under severe water crisis during the peak summer season but the corporation officials claimed that the supply has been streamlined and the frequency of supply has been increased.\"Regarding the drinking water from Siruvani, we are completely dependant on rainfall but we are now focussing on streamlining the water supply lines to ensure that public is no put to unnecessary inconvenience,\" Velusamy added.The corporation has also decided to construct four new urban health centres in the newly added areas in the meeting. These centres will be constructed at Sugunapuram East in Kuniamuthur, Mettur near Harijan colony in Kurichi, TVS Nagar Road near Kavundampalayam and at the corporation office complex in Vadavalli. The city corporation has also decided to introduce LED lights in all 100 wards of the corporation to ensure maximum energy conservation and minimise power expense. Presently the city corporation has 64,501 streetlights in its limits and the total annual cost is about Rs 5 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13727274", "title": "Dual value", "text": "KOLKATA: The GRE\u00ae programme at Educational Testing Service (ETS) delivers further good news to test takers. Effective July 1, 2012, the GRE revised General Test will now be conducted at the same global price for all test takers worldwide, regardless of their test centre.The latest administration fee for the revised General Test has been fixed at US$175 internationally. This new price serves as an advantage for all the test takers in India as the test fee decreases.For all the GRE test takers, there has never been a better time than now to give the revised General Test. The modified test is the only test that is universally accepted for admission to graduate and business schools, giving the examinees more opportunities at success.Featuring test taker compatibility pattern and with the new ScoreSelect SM option releasing in July, examinees can now advance towards their 'test day' with renewed confidence, knowing that they can now send those scores which reflect their best performances.To find out more about the current fees for the GRE revised General Test and related services, log on to http://www.ets.org/gre/revised_general/about/fees/Test takers can register now for the GRE revised General Test at http://www.ets.org/gre/revised_general/register/Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13713789", "title": "Basai plant to get power backup", "text": "GURGAON: HUDA has drawn up plans to bolster power backup at boosting stations and at the Basai water treatment plant.HUDA administrator Praveen Kumar said that the decision to install DG sets and additional transformers had been taken to ensure better water supply to the city. According to the plan, a DG set (500kV) will be installed at the Sector 16 station and an additional transformer will be used as stand-by for the pump set. \"The additional transformer and DG set will ensure that the pumping station functions to its optimum capacity irrespective of the power supply,\" said Kumar.The Sector 16 pumping station is crucial as it supplies water to a number of colonies in nearby sectors. The authority has also decided to install six clear water pumps at the Sector 51 boosting station. The project,which is worth Rs 6.50 crore, has been sent to the chief administrator for approval.At the Basai water treatment plant,which supplies water to the entire city, HUDA has decided to install an additional transformer. \"The new transformer will help in case there is a power cut,\" said another HUDA official.On revamping the existing water supply network HUDA has decided to spend Rs 6 crore for reworking the water pipe lines from Rajiv Chowk to the Sector 16 boosting station. \"The strategy is two-pronged: To revamp the existing water supply lines and to overhaul the existing water plant and boosting stations in the city,\" said Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13713380", "title": "Guar: Common man's food turns into green gold", "text": "NEW DELHI: It used to be a dry and arid land legume grown by poor farmers on marginal lands in Rajasthan, Haryana, Gujarat and Madhya Pradesh. Till a few years back, it sold for as low as Rs 1,000 a quintal. Eaten either at home by farmers (some may remember it as guar ki phalli) or sold off for export to be used as a binding and thickening agent in edible products like ice creams, it sells now for anything between Rs 10,000- Rs 30,000 a quintal. The reason: it has become an essential lubricant for the multibillion shale oil and gas drilling where its used for the 'fracking' process.The result is a frenzy that is connecting traders from Houston to Jodhpur and turning the obscure plant grown mostly on wastelands into a much sought after commodity. The rising prices and short supply is making farmers and business groups push for more acreage.India produces 80% of the global guar crop with Pakistan and the US following a distant second and third though all are trying to increase acreage of the bean. Because it is a rainfed crop with relatively little organized market, upscaling production has not been a smooth process.The demand for gum extracted from the guar seed or cluster bean as it is known in English has shot up so high on the commodities market that the regulator, Forward Markets Commission, has had to step in once to halt futures trade in illegal transactions. Nothing has stopped the bull run though.The boom, however, could be temporary as the shale oil and gas industry in the US, which is already worth $30 billion, is furiously looking for alternatives as prices of guar skyrocket. In the meanwhile, there is a gold rush to make the most of the demand. Industry insiders suggest that for every rupee a trader invests at the local level - say at centres like Jodhpur or better still in the villages where marginal farmers are growing it - he could earn more than Rs 100.There are established exporters who have been supplying guar for the food industry for years and then there are the guar cowboys running to the arid zone even in soaring temperatures to get a share of the pie.The controversial shale oil drilling in the US (the green brigade is set against it) is seen as the future of the fossil fuel driven world and the marginal small farmers in distant Jhunjhunu and Jodhpur in Rajasthan have become a part of that lucrative future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "13717564", "title": "Red leader held in Garhwa village", "text": "Garhwa: Garhwa police have arrested senior Maoist leader from Damaran village in Ranka of the district. Police have also recovered from his possession a service revolver of Ranka police station in-charge late Raj Balli Chaudhary, who was among 12 security personnel killed in a landmine blast triggered by the Maoist)on January 21, Garhwa SP Michael Raj S told media on Friday. The arrested Maoist leader was identified as Pradeep Yadav alias Kamlesh Yadav. Police have also recovered three cartridges and Maoists literature from him.SP Michael Raj S told media persons that Yadav during interrogation have confirmed the identity of two Maoists killed in an encounter with the police in the recent past in Chemo Sanya village. Senior red outfit leader Shekhar Ji was one of the two killed in the encounter, he added. Yadav said that he was also involved in the landmine blast in Salo forest.Meanwhile the SP told media persons that the arrested Maoist leader was also wanted in several naxalite-related incidents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13719761", "title": "Lighting up lives the green way", "text": "MANGALORE: In the past 26 years the Shri Kshethra Dharmasthala Rural Development Project (SKDRDP) has lit more than 11,000 homes using solar energy and power generated through micro hydel plants.Promoted by Dharmasthala Dharmadhikari D Veerendra Heggade, SKDRDP is the proud recipient of Ashden Award dubbed as Green Oscar for demonstrating how a microfinance organization can play a key role in meeting energy needs of the poor.Adjudged as the overall gold award winner by Ashden, SKDRDP received a cash award of \u00a340,000 for carrying forth its initiatives.Shantaram Pai, finance director, SKDRDP said, \"Our efforts have been recognized and we are very happy. This award will motivate us to go further.\"So far, SKDRDP has financed the installation of 10,000 biogas digesters of three cubic meter capacity, 7,000 four-light solar home lighting systems, 2,000 three-light and two-light solar home lighting systems each and 200 micro hydel plants.Manoj Menezes, agriculture director, SKDRDP said, \"The solar initiatives are spread across in DK, Udupi, Uttara Kannada, Shimoga and Chikmagalur. We have micro hydel projects in DK and Chikmagalur districts. The micro hydel units produce 0.3 kilo watt to 1.5 kw enough to light up homes and in some cases run refrigerators also.At present, SKDRDP is working with 13.13 lakh families through 1.18 lakh Self Help Groups .These members contribute loan margins, borrow money, share it among themselves and repay it in weekly intervals. The loans are given at 15% without any security upto Rs 50,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13731406", "title": "Home alone in Bangla?", "text": "Director Partha Sarathi Manna defends his film; says the feel is different Three burglars break into a house only to be outwitted by a kid. Does that ring a bell? Partha Sarathi Manna, whose Mishti Chheler Dushtu Buddhi is all set to roll from June 3, says there's no similarity between his film and the Hollywood classic, \"Home Alone\". \"Those who have managed to get a peek into the storyline of my film, might draw parallels with Home Alone . But the similarities end at that. While in the Hollywood film, the kid was mistakenly left behind, here he willingly stays back to look after his grandfather. The film also celebrates Bangaliana. No scene would be the same and the feel of this situational comedy too is different,\" says Partha Sarathi. While we leave it at that, a source close the unit reveals that somewhere in the film it would be shown that the kid has come across a DVD of the Hollywood venture. Meanwhile, the cast has been locked. Abhishek Chatterjee, Bhola Tamang and Prasun Gain will get under the skin of the three thieves and Ankit Seth would play the protagonist. Prasun, however, is happy the way the characters in the film have been etched out. \"This is my next big film after Khashi Katha that stars Naseeruddin Shah . Each role has a lot of meat in it. I play one of the thieves - Banka. The three miscreants have their own share of problems. While Banka needs to send money home and has to take care of his father, Puti dreams of marriage once big bucks come his way. Kalicharan, on the other hand, spends most part of his life in jail and gets tired of his tryst behind bars.\" About the film's similarities with Home Alone , he adds, \"This film has a fresh appeal.\" So be it!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "13717194", "title": "Here, Bidi weds Cancer", "text": "LOHARDAGA: Wedding invitation cards bring smiles on all faces. But this is one-of-its-kind that no tobacco addict would like to receive.The card embossed with gold and silver much like other normal wedding invitations is nothing but a shock that hurts a tobacco-lover.Take this. The marriage, the invitation card reads, is the celebration of the union between Bidi Kumari alias Cigarette Devi, the daughter of Tambaku Lal and Tiranga Devi, residents of 420, Yamlok House, Dukh Nagar, and Cancer Kumar alias Lailaaj, the son of Gutka Lal and Ganja Devi, residents of Yamlok Nagar.Thereafter follows a long list of relatives who wish you to be at the festivities and bless the couple. The bride's uncle and aunt are Ganja Singh and Afeem Devi, Hukkaram being the grandfather and Sharab Devi, the grandmother. The junior maternal uncles are Charas, Chuna and Zarda.In a macabre twist, the venue of the wedlock is the 'cemetery' of the district Parlok. As if that's not enough, there is childish request appended to the invite - Baby Supari lisping \"Hamali Bua ki Chhadi mein jalul anaji\". The invite is an initiative of the local chapter of the Gayatri Parivar, a socio-religious organization.Gayatri Parivar authorities here say they expect the card to produce results which the organization is fervently hoping for - a tobacco and alcohol-free Lohardaga. The one-of-its-kind marriage invite is the brainchild of the organizations Vishnu Deo Sahay. Ritesh Kumar, an active member of the Parivar, said he had been busy in the special drive against tobacco highlighting its bad effects and encouraging tobacco-addicts to give it up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13718575", "title": "Chartered accountant \u2018roughs up\u2019 SHO for getting wrongly parked car towed", "text": "A chartered accountant by profession, Om Uppal, allegedly thrashed the station house officer of the Sector-14 police station, Panchkula, ASI Ram Kishan and tore his uniform. The incident followed after Uppal's car was towed-away by police and brought to the police station in Sector 14. Uppal is a resident of Sector 12, Panchkula.The situation turned so ugly that detective staff and personnel of other police stations also reached the station. When SHO Virender intervened to control the situation, he too was thrashed. \"Uppal's car was towed from Sector 8 in Panchkula, for reportedly being parked in the no parking zone, and taken to the police station in Sector 14. When Uppal reached the station, he started arguing with Kishan, following which the scuffle started,\" said assistant commissioner of police Dheeraj Setia.According to the sources, another assistant commissioner of police (ACP) under training, Abhishek was also abused.\"We have registered a case against Uppal for misbehaving with the cops. A case under sections 323 (voluntarily causing hurt), 332 (voluntarily causing hurt to deter public servant from his duty), 353 (assault or criminal force to deter public servant from discharge of his duty) and 186 (obstructing public servant in discharge of public functions) has been registered at the police station in Sector 14, Panchkula,\" added Setia.However, the accused has also registered a cross complaint against the SHO. Uppal was not arrested till the filing of the report even though he was present in the police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13719926", "title": "College professor duped of Rs 38,000 at ATM counter", "text": "BHOPAL: A college professor was duped by two persons at an ATM counter opposite the Barkatuallah university premises here on Friday morning. The professor, Ramakant, was duped of Rs 38,000 by two car-borne youths.Police said Ramakant, a resident of Surendra Place visited the SBI ATM outside the complex to withdraw some money. As soon as he swiped his card and punched his password two accused who were present inside the ATM counter told him that the machine was not working.Believing them Ramakant moved to the next machine and completed his transaction by withdrawing Rs 2000. However, as soon as he moved out of the ATM he received an SMS on his mobile phone that a sum of Rs 38,000 has been debited from his account.Police said he rushed back to the ATM counter but by the time it was too late as the two persons in question managed to escape in a car.The Bagh Sawenia police have registered a case of theft in the incident against unidentified accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "13713711", "title": "Lottery agent killed as Motor Vehicles Department vehicle hits him", "text": "KOTTAYAM: A lottery agent was killed and a retired teacher was injured after being hit by a vehicle belonging to the Motor Vehicles Department in Kothanelloor, Kaduthuruthy on Friday.The driver and the motor vehicles inspector left the jeep at the accident site and escaped as the locals turned violent. However, the driver was later arrested .In the accident which happened around 10am, Lakshmanan, 46, of Mukalel house in Kothanelloor was hit by the jeep. The lottery agent was standing near a cycle when the jeep hit and dragged him to a distance.Jos Abraham, 70, Panayapparambil house in Kothanelloor, fractured both his hands and was admitted in a private hospital in Thellakam near Kottayam.The mishap occurred when the jeep lost control and entered the footpath. Following the accident traffic was blocked for an hour as the locals found alcohol bottles inside the vehicle.However, police denied this allegation. Locals also deflated the tyres of the vehicle. The vehicle which belongs to Motor Vehicles Department, Kottayam was returning to Kottayam after picking a motor vehicles inspector from Tripunithura RTO office, police said.Meanwhile, police arrested Aji Joseph, 41, driver of the vehicle. He was charged under Section 304 A IPC for causing death by negligence. He is a driver of Kottayam RTO office. Police said the driver was not found having consumed alcohol in the medical test.The vehicle was coming at an uncontrolled speed from a distance and the pedestrians ran away from being hit. Joseph had come there to buy fish. The woman who was selling fish had a miraculous escape as she was pulled away by a pedestrian.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13713496", "title": "LPG prices drop but will auto fares dip?", "text": "KOLKATA: Commuters are set for a breather with a rollback of auto fare hike on the cards, following a dip in the auto LPG prices. The price of auto LPG was recently slashed to Rs 46.73 per litre from Rs 53.06.Moreover, the passengers in the rural belts can soon travel by autos, with the government planning to give nod to the proposal of auto services in rural Bengal.It may be noted that the auto operators had gone for a citywide agitation in April after the auto LPG price shot up to Rs 53.06 on April 1. The auto drivers had staged road blockades in different parts of the city disrupting traffic.Trinamool MLA Paresh Pal had even allegedly slapped an autodriver, who was initially reluctant to withdraw a blockade. Auto drivers were prompt enough to pass on the burden to the commuters by hiking the fares in many routes by a rupee or more. With the price being lowered by the oil companies, the operators are now planning to cut the fares.Earlier in April, many auto drivers had started displaying the increased fare rate in the autos and said they were forced to hike the fare. A transport official said that the state government would soon look in to the issue. Transport minister Madan Mitra, who is trying to enforce discipline among the auto drivers, said that he would be holding a meeting on auto fare restructuring soon. Earlier, the minister had said that the state would decide the auto fare and had set up a committee. The panel is expected to submit its report next week.Mitra is not in favour of allowing the auto-unions to finalize the fare, as was the case during the Left Front regime. According to him, the fare structure should be rational and it should be displayed at the bus stops and auto stands and a copy should be there inside the autos, so that the passengers can pay the right fare. \"There are often complaints that the auto drivers are charging extra and this is rampant at night,\" Mitra said.Tushar Kanti Sen, president, West Bengal Petroleum Dealers Association, said: \"The price of LPG has come down, so the fare should also be reduced for public interest. When the price of crude oil comes down, petrol price also takes a dip.\" Moreover, LPG meant for domestic use is being used by some auto operators and this is creating a problem for the domestic LPG users. We have written to the government to take steps against auto drivers using domestic LPG.\"On extending auto network to suburbs and districts, an official said: \"The move is being planned so that the passengers can travel in comfort. At present, Trekkers and van rickshaws are the main modes of transportation in rural areas. Now, the state is planning to give permit to autos for the rural belts as well. But those should be run on LPG. This will also generate revenues for the government.\"The state panel, which will meet next week, will finalize the use of advertisements in the autos. It will also be charting out new routes for autos as the bus routes are now crowded with autos. Moreover, the autos will get access to ply to the suburbs from the city's fringe areas, thus auto operators can have a higher profit. However, while deciding the new fare structure the views of the auto operators would also be considered, so that they also have a profit margin. \"But the main aim will be to give relief to the passengers and for that the fare structure is going to be revised,\" Mitra said.The auto passengers can expect a roll back soon in most routes as price of the LPG for autos have come down to Rs 46.73 per litre from Rs 53.06 a litre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13716896", "title": "Slight relief from heat wave in 24 hrs", "text": "LUDHIANA: If weather men are to be believed, the city would witness a nominal fall in temperature by one or two degrees in the next 24 to 48 hours, giving the residents some respite from the scorching heat.But, hot winds continued to lash residents on Friday, making it tough for them to venture outdoors. Director of Chandigarh meteorology department Surinder Pal said the next 24 to 48 hours may witness dust storms that will bring the temperature down by a degree or two in Ludhiana. Though there has been a slight increase in relative humidity, the chances of rainfall are less, he added.Amit Sood, a businessman from Civil Lines, said the last three days have been unbearable. ''I have been staying away from direct sunlight as there are chances of sun stroke. I spend most of my time in front of AC and have been consuming ample liquids,\" he added.A student from Model Town Jaineet also rued about the heat wave. ''I haven't stepped outside for some days as hot wind has made life miserable. I will pray for an early monsoon as it would give us some respite from the heat,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13712117", "title": "Demonstration against unscheduled power cuts", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Irked over the unscheduled power cuts during day and nights, the members of Public Ekta Manch, up on Friday staged a demonstration at power house, Kamla Nehru road demanding power department higher ups to check unscheduled power cuts.The members also handed over a four-point charter to the executive engineer demanding to stop frequent power cuts in city areas. State president, Public Ekta Manch, Vijay Gupta said: \"frequent and unscheduled power cuts has not only been affecting trade in markets but people of the city especially women and children were harassed a lot.\"He added due to frequent and unscheduled power cuts, people have fallen ill and there has been water scarcity in many city localities.Residents of Beli road, Rajapur, Shruti Vihar Apartment and adjoining areas have too demanded to check unscheduled power roistering. The officials, however, assured that they have been making efforts that there should not be unscheduled power cuts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13712586", "title": "Slight dip in mercury but no respite from heat", "text": "JAIPUR: The city witnessed no respite from the blistering heat on Friday even after the mercury took a slight dip to 43.5 degrees Celsius after reaching a high of 45.2 degrees a day earlier.The Met department predicts that in the coming days, the temperature is expected to cross the 45-degree mark again. The weatherman also said the sky is likely to remain clear on Saturday with a maximum temperature of 43 degrees Celsius.Even at 43.5 degrees Celsius, the city experience intense heat. People were seen drinking juices and lots of water at public places including at railway station, bus stand and tourist spots. Also, most people coming out covered their faces and head with cloths to protect themselves from the sunrays.For Churu residents, life has become miserable due to the intense heat wave. The district remained the hottest in the state with a temperature of 48.7 degrees Celsius on Friday.The Met department said the heat wave conditions would continue during the next 36 hours with a dry weather in the state.Apart from Churu, Dholpur also recorded temperature above 47 degrees Celsius. Dholpur recorded 47.3 degrees, while Sriganganagar recorded 46.6 degrees and Bikaner 44.5 degrees Celsius. In other parts of the state, the temperature has taken a slight dip. Jodhpur recorded 41.3 degrees, Chittorgarh 41.5 degrees, Ajmer 41.9 degrees, Dabok 40.1 degrees, Barmer 40.3 degrees, and Jaisalmer recorded 41.3 degrees Celsius.Doctors advised people not to go out on empty stomach and suggested that taking a lot of juice and water would help them in protecting from heat exhaustion and heat strokes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13713087", "title": "Maoists may join South Asian rebel forum", "text": "KOLKATA: The arrest of three Manipur-based Peoples Liberation Army (PLA) leaders and their Maoist counterpart Indranil alias Ajay Chanda from Kolkata has brought to light the transit office the rebels had set up in Kolkata to smuggle arms from Myanmar.Indian intelligence agencies believe that the Maoists had also sent their mid-level military commanders for advanced training to Myanmar. Moreover, Maoist cadres are likely to take part in a coordination meeting of all south Asian insurgents in Myanmar, a few months later, to form a strategic united front.Since 2006, Maoists have been in touch with the PLA and are working together since 2008 and maintaining a joint transit office in Kolkata for arms deals, fund transfer and meetings. PLA even trained the Maoists in Saranda in 2010 and have been supplying arms, ammunition and communication gadgets from south east Asian markets. A portion of the consignment was intercepted by Kolkata Police in 2010 during the arrest of Maoist state secretary Kanchan and three others. Even after that, the network continued to work as an independent unit under direct supervision of Maoist central committee. Indranil Chanda alias Jhulan was one of the key members of the liaison unit, entrusted to maintain links with PLA operatives and other northeast outfits like UNLF, Ulfa and Naga insurgents.The Maoist-PLA office in Kolkata came to light early this year following the arrest of PLA's Dhiren Singh from a rented house at Jadavpur. National Investigation Agency (NIA) sources said Dhiren's name cropped up with the arrest of Manipur outfit's external affairs chief Wangba, who was rounded up in Delhi in September 2011.The central agency has already submitted chargesheet against Wangba, Dhiren and Arnold alias Becon, the PLA trainer who went to Saranda to train Maoists. After Dhiren's arrest, Arnold moved to Siliguri and started working in a call centre, but failed to evade police. However, the liaison office came to the fore only after the arrest of Indranil, who has also been tagged in the same case by NIA and was produced before Guwahati court.Their interrogation revealed that both the rebel parties are maintaining more such liaison modules in Kolkata and outskirts. Following the interrogation,NIA officers believe that nearly two dozen important Maoist military commanders have been sent to PLA custody for advanced training in Myanmar which is now safe following the agreement between Naga insurgents and Myanmar government. Most of the northeast rebels have camps in the Sagaing division of Myanmar where Naga population is majority. In April this year, Myanmar government has signed a ceasefire with Naga insurgent outfit NSCN (K) which is also active in India. The same group provides shelter to all other NE insurgents including ULFA in Myanmar and the ceasefire would shield them from Myanmar army. Taking advantage of the agreement, all NE rebel outfits are more actively arranging training camps in Myanmar, where Maoists are supposed to be trained.A PLA source said despite setback in Delhi and Kolkata, they will continue to cooperate with the Maoists. Sources said Maoist are ready to spend Rs 200 crore for arms and training and the amount is very lucrative for any NE outfit. They also hinted that a few months later, all major NE outfits and the Maoists will join a meeting in Myanmar. And the CPI (Maoist) is likely to become a member of a strategic united front comprising major outfits in south Asia. Decoding a telephone call made from Myanmar to China, security agencies believe that members of Chinese intelligence agencies may participate in the meeting in guise of the representatives from Wa State Army - the largest illegal arms manufacturer in Myanmar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13718115", "title": "Dispute brews over bill for 123 damaged buses", "text": "MUMBAI: While BEST officials are in the process of petitioning the collector and civic chief to claim compensation for damages caused to buses on Thursday, the BJP leader in the BEST committee said the amount should be claimed from the insurance company.A BJP-led Bharat Bandh on Thursday, called to protest the Rs 7.50 hike in the price of petrol , saw 123 buses damaged in stone-pelting . The BEST is still to arrive at the final tally of losses suffered by the transport body. Sources pegged the losses to be over Rs 5 lakh.\"Why should the compensation bills be sent to the BJP or even Shiv Sena ? This is not required,\" said BEST committee member Dilip Patel. TOI had reported on Friday that members of the BEST committee , which is controlled by the BMC's ruling Sena-BJP combine , may have to send the compensation bills to their own bosses.\"Our buses are insured and the right approach would be to claim insurance for the damages incurred,\" said Patel. \"I understand that the damaged buses will need repairs and will have to stay off the roads for a few days. In that case, there will be 100 less buses on the road. But as far as compensation is concerned, the administration can claim insurance ,\" he stated.A Congress member on the committee, Ravi Raja, has demanded that the compensation be recovered from political parties behind Thursday's bandh. \"Whosoever is responsible for the damage done to our red buses should pay from his or her pocket,\" he said.Senior BEST officials con demned the damage to public property. \"It is irresponsible and uncalled for. These buses run on public money. The protesters should be fined for the damage,\" said an official. An other senior official said, \"We are still ascertaining the actual losses and the final report will be ready by the weekend We will forward this report to the collector and municipal commissioner, who in turn will help us recover the losses from the parties concerned.\"When asked whether the BEST can claim insurance, the official replied with an em phatic \"no\" . \"We repair these buses in our workshops. In case of vandalism and bandhs it is appropriate to recover losses from those who have caused the damage,\" he said.The damage assessment report will be put before the BEST committee. Committee chairperson Ashok Patil, who is from the Sena, said, \"Let the report come. We'll then see how to recover losses.\"Raja said, \"It is to be seen whether Sena-BJP members agree on the parties footing the bill. On the one hand, you talk about saving people's money by protesting against the fuel price hike. On the other hand you damage public property.\"BEST driver heldDindoshi police have arrested a BEST bus driver for vandalism during Thursday's Bharat Bandh. The incident took place on Film City Road. \"Rajesh Bharti pelted stones at two other buses and asked their drivers why they were working during a bandh,\" a police official said. The damages come up to Rs 1,100, officials said.Hit shop was shutThe Cafe Coffee Day outlet at Parel, which was attacked by miscreants during Thursday's Bharat Bandh, was actually shut for business. \"Modern retail outlets with glass facades are vulnerable. We were closed for business, but because there were no shutters to roll down it appeared as if we were open,\" said a staffer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "kollam", "code": "13719116", "title": "Garbage trouble seeps into temples in Kollam district", "text": "KOLLAM: After human beings, it is the turn of gods to suffer the ill-effects of the garbage treatment plant at Kureepuzha. The wells in three temples, Vattamanacavu Durga temple,Thevarkavu Maha Vishnu temple and Karineezuthcavu Devi temple, have been tainted with leachate from the waste treatment plant at Kureepuzha.The devotees are now shying away from cleansing themselves with holy water from the temples. They are of the opinion that the water has lost its purity for it is drawn from contaminated wells. Due to the terrible stench, the temple authorities have even revised the schedule of rituals. The priests have cut down the duration of each puja because of the sickening smell. The burning of incense and camphor are not enough to fight the stink from the treatment plant.All three temples are located close to the garbage treatment plant, while one of them - Vattamanacavu Durga temple - shares a compound wall with the plant. The garbage issue has affected the flow of devotees to the temple and the authorities feel a sharp dip in the revenue. According to Ravikumar, secretary, temple advisory committee, Vattamanacavu Temple, the situation has badly affected the functioning of the temple. \"We had forwarded a complaint regarding this to the devaswom commissioner and corporation in the recent past. The commissioner gave a directive to the corporation to take steps to rectify the problem but to no avail,\" he said.Kollam mayor Prassanna Earnest said, \"They are not cooperating with us to plaster the compound walls of the garbage plant from preventing seepage from entering the temple premises. We could do something only if the people allow us to act,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13712970", "title": "Paper setters' nexus behind varsity leaks?", "text": "MUMBAI: There's a dark secret behind the University of Mumbai's spate of paper leaks this summer. Of the 750-odd question papers that must be set for lakhs of engineering students, the university manages to get just about 3-5% of the question papers drawn up in triplicate.The university's protocol of asking three examiners to individually set a paper serves more than one purpose: it gives it three options, but more importantly it injects a natural check which ensures that no one-not even the paper setter-knows which questions the students would finally be tested on.There's one hitch though. Most often than not, there aren't three question papers in the bank. Insiders say there is a tacit understanding among paper setters to just set one question paper; two paper setters never submit the manuscripts of the question paper that they are supposed to frame. \"In return for this favour, the faculty member who has set the paper trades the questions with the other two,\" said a source in the university.This throws the natural system of checks-and-balances out of the window. Worse, at least all the three examiners now know which paper is going to be handed over to the students.\"It has been very difficult to break this unholy nexus of paper setters. It gets worse as we do not have many senior teachers in the system who can be assigned the task of setting papers,\" said former pro-vice chancellor A D Sawant. When he was heading the university in the last part of the past decade, he recalled, \"Of the 750 question papers for engineering students, we had three sets of papers for 27 subjects only.\"Mumbai University, in the thick of paper leaks, is trying to plug this loophole and is currently scampering around to get the appointed paper setters to submit the question paper manuscripts, said sources. \"As the university is now sending more than one question paper to exam centres, it is asking the other examiners who originally haven't submitted their manuscripts to do so. In fact many new faculty members have been roped in to set additional question papers, especially for the first year engineering exams,\" said a source in the university.Few know that question papers till the 1930s bore the names of the paper setter. Students would walk out of the exam hall in awe of the fact that they had answered a paper that was set by, say R G Bhandarkar (social reformer and former university VC). The practice was done away with after students started flocking to some paper setters' tutorials. \"But most teachers enjoyed high credibility then,\" said historian Aroon Tikekar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13732333", "title": "I like how Irfan's charted his career: Tena Desae", "text": "Fresh from the success of her debut international film, John Madden's The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel, Tena Desae is in no mood to choose films in a hurry. \"Neither am I in a dilemma as to whether I should do Bollywood or foreign films,\" says Tena adding, \"I was always clear about one thing - I always wanted to be an actress. Similarly, I am very clear about the fact that I want to work in films that tell good stories - the language doesn't really bother me. In fact, I love learning different languages and find it very interesting. So, just because this English film has worked for me, it doesn't mean I will do only such films. I am willing to do Tamil, Telugu, Spanish, Chinese...just any film that has a great story to tell.\"Giving an example of how she would like to chart her career after this successful film, Tena says, \"I really like how Irfan's charted his career. He does all kinds of films - and he gets every good international projects as well. I don't think he stopped working in one industry to get work in the other. He just chooses his films well and that's really impressed me.\" And who is the international actor she likes? She says, \"It has to be Johnny Depp . He just chooses the most amazing roles and often uses his creativity to give that character meat. It's just so creative what he does.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "13717089", "title": "GRP yet to arrest trader's killers", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The Government Railway Police (GRP) is yet to get hold of the unidentified killers who shot dead a Chhattisgarh-based trader on the Gomoh-Chakradharpur passenger train near Nimdih railway station.The 40-year-old lac trader Ramavtar Agarwal, resident of Jahangir district in Chhattisgarh, was attacked by the criminals when he was returning from Balrampur in West Bengal after attending a business work.The incident occurred between Biramdih and Nimdih railway stations around 9.30pm on Tuesday. Subsequent to the incident, the train was stopped for over two hours at Chandil railway station, a few kilometers from the site, to detach the ill-fated coach from the train.The rail traffic on the Tatanagar-Chandil route was affected for over two hours while the passengers on board the Chakradharpur bound train had a tough time spending hours at the remote station.\"We are clueless about the criminals and also about the motive behind the murder. We hope the GRP will conduct a thorough probe into the matter and ensure justice to us,\" said victim's brother in-law Subash Kumar Gupta, who rushed to the Chandil GRP station from Raipur on Wednesday to receive Agarwal's body.Suspecting the incident to be the work of some burglars, a member of the Agarwal family said over phone from Jahangir that the victim was carrying huge amount of money with him and that the criminals probably shot him dead for the cash.The GRP has, however, denied receiving any information and maintained that a thorough probe into the matter is underway. \"We haven't made any breakthrough so far but probe on all angles are on,\" said GRP superintendent Ajay Linda.A delegation of the Jamshedpur Chamber of Commerce and Industry on Wednesday met Linda and sought adequate security for the train passengers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13717849", "title": "Trunk call: Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation not yet trim and proper", "text": "Tree-trimming has been a major challenge for the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) the last few monsoons and it has received a lot of flak for two years over deaths and injuries due to tree collapses. The gardens department on Friday claimed that the two pre-monsoon works--trimming and removing encircled paver blocks around trunks--have been completed and emergency gangs have been set up to act in case of an emergency in all wards.But experts say that to prevent loss of life during the monsoon, the civic body should keep a close check on identified dangerous trees and start a second survey during the monsoon.The civic body claims to have trimmed and balanced 340 dead and dangerous trees, which were identified earlier last month. Gardens departments in each ward were told to check the condition of trees within the civic body's jurisdiction. Along with this, the civic body removed paver blocks around 500 trees in the city. Following an incident last year, the civic body started removing concrete structures around trunks of trees. Concrete structures like paver blocks would prevent the expansion of roots, weakening the tree in the long run. \"We have completed pre-monsoon work. But if residents feel pruning of trees needs to be done, they can get in touch with the tree officer in their ward,\" said a senior gardens department official.The BMC has received 1,049 complaints against falling trees since 2008, yet each year the figure rises, along with the list of casualties . Experts suggest that such incidents can be avoided if the civic body takes up a sustained scientific study. \"We cannot say that preparations are complete. A second survey during the monsoon should be taken up by the civic body. It will certainly help keep a tab on dead and dangerous trees. Accidents can be prevented if the survey is done as it will let the civic body know about the health of trees,\" said Avinash Kubal, deputy director , Maharashtra Nature Park.Some have suggested that trimming and balancing the 340 trees is not enough. \"The junior tree officer or horticulture assistant should conduct a slide test of trees during the monsoon. The lab test should be done to keep a check on the health of trees. It should be continued once the tree census begins,\" said former tree authority member Niranjan Shetty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13717970", "title": "Young survivors help cancer patients", "text": "Rajesh Savla was 14 when his parents noticed a lump in his neck. Doctors at the Tata Memorial Hospital, Parel, diagnosed it as a symptom of Hodgkin's lymphoma and put the Jogeshwari boy on a year-long treatment. Now, 16 years later, Savla still comes to the hospital every week, but not as a patient.He drops in every Tuesday to counsel parents of children newly diagnosed with cancer. Savla and 24 other survivors are part of a unique support group called Ugam (to rise). \"I am lucky that I got married, and have a child and my own animal ambulance service,\" said Savla, now 30. \"But many cancer survivors don't find it easy to get back to society.\"Ugam, for the last three years, has been trying to act as a bridge. Childhood cancers are not common, with India reporting 38-124 cases per million children every year. Better, childhood cancers are highly curable, with certain forms such as retinoblastoma (cancer of the retina) recording fiveyear survival in over 95% cases.\"At Tata Memorial Hospital, we have managed to develop protocols that ensure effective treatment for paediatric cancer patients,\" said Dr Purna Kurkure, who set up After Completion of Therapy (ACT) in 1991. If a patient is clear of cancer for two years, he/she attends ACT clinics for follow-up visits. \"Over the years, we realized there are some social and emotional issues that remain a hurdle for cancer survivors ,\" Dr Kurkure said. So, at the instance of a 15-year-old patient, she set up Ugam.At the ACT clinic every Tuesday, Ugam members actively counsel and help others . Priti Dhad is one such patient-turned-volunteer . \"I have an artificial eye; I lost my left eye to retinoblastoma 11 years ago. As I grew up, I b e c a m e d e p re s s e d a n d turned into a recluse,\" she said. That is when Savla and others counselled her, coaxing her to take up a course in social work. Today, she is an active member of Ugam.There have been happier outcomes as well: sometime ago, two Pune-based Ugam members married each other.On Sunday, Paediatric Cancer Survivors' Day, the group is putting up a cultural show for cancer patients. While actor Arjun Kapoor will visit Tata Memorial, singer Shaan will sing the Ugam anthem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "13716602", "title": "HC overturns Jaiprakash Associates Ltd's claim to transportation tax exemption", "text": "SHIMLA: The Himachal Pradesh high court on Thursday overturned the claim of Jaiprakash Associates Ltd (JAL), fined Rs 100 crore for violating environment laws in setting up a cement plant, to transportation tax exemption from the unit to outside the state, thereby depriving the company of a tax relief of about Rs 50 crores.Allowing the state government's appeal, spearheaded by the excise and taxation department, a division bench headed by Chief Justice Kurian Joseph and Justice Dharam Singh Chaudhary set aside an earlier judgment of a single judge by the same court, ruling, \"It is a compensatory tax in the shape of a fee.\"Earlier, the judges drew a distinction between tax and compensatory tax by holding the position that tax is for revenue whereas compensatory was only the reimbursement or recompense to the service provider in the shape of fee for a particular service.The bench ruled that \"liability is on the person in charge of the vehicle carrying the goods or the person in charge of the goods at the time of transport. There is no provision under the taxing Act for exemption. Therefore, the reliance placed on Rule 19 of the Incentive Rules for exemption for 10 years, even assuming it is available, is of no avail\".The case before the court's consideration was whether the industrial unit engaged in manufacture of clinker and cement was entitled to benefit of exemption from payment of tax under HP Taxation (on Certain Goods Carried by Road) Act 1999.Earlier, the single judge of the court by inferring Rule 19 of Rules Regarding Grants of incentives, concession &amp; facilities to industrial units in HP, 2004, had ruled that \"mode of collection cannot determine the nature of tax and liability\". The judge had observed, \"For all intents and purposes, the liability to pay tax is of petitioner (JAL), who is owner/incharge of the goods.\"Overturning the earlier order, the double bench observed that the tax is not on goods manufactured but a compensatory tax on goods transported by roads and concurred with the state's contention that the liability to pay tax on the carriage of good is only on the person in charge of the vehicle in which the goods are carried. The judges concluded that JAL was not entitled for exemption for 10 years from payment of compensatory tax for carriage of clinker/cement from one place to another by using roads in Himachal Pradesh.Excise and taxation commissioner Jagdish Sharma said that since the cement plant commenced production the overall tax liability that was contested was of about Rs 60 crore, which included about Rs 10 crores as interest amount.Separately, JAL on Friday placed a review petition before the division bench, contenting the Rs 100 crore costs imposed on it on May 5, 2012, for violations in setting up the cement plant was \"too harsh, punitive and unbearable and it shall amount to virtually closing down of the industry, which is already suffering from recession\". The petition declares that that the company did not install any plant or machinery in the partially constructed civil structure built by it to house the captive thermal plant.The court adjourned the hearing to June 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13730914", "title": "January Jones failed at pole dancing", "text": "January Jones has revealed that she almost gave up acting after a terrible pole dancing audition for 'Coyote Ugly'.The 'Mad Men' star admitted that she felt humiliated pretending to \"perform\" for producer Jerry Bruckheimer and left the embarrassing meeting with a plan to never audition again.\"It was my second audition I think ever and I had done the reading for the acting part and then Jerry Bruckheimer wanted me to come in and dance... They said, 'You're gonna dance to Prince's Kiss... You're gonna pole dance but there is no pole',\" the Daily Express quoted the actress as telling the Hollywood Reporter.\"I kind of pretended there was a pole... and I just turned beet red. It was awful and he said something like, 'Honey, you did a great reading, but you've got no rhythm.'\"I called my agent and said I don't wanna do this anymore. This sucks,\" she said.Jones has crossed paths with movie mogul Bruckheimer since the audition encounter, but she insists he has no memory of the pole dance.\"He has no recollection of it,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13711329", "title": "Drug firm told to fall in line or face closure", "text": "HYDERABAD: City-based bulk drug and drug intermediates manufacturer S V's Remedies Ltd could well be heading for closure. The company's sole manufacturing unit at Gundlamachanoor in Medak district, which was found blatantly violating environmental norms late last year, is currently operating on a temporary licence from the Andhra Pradesh Pollution Control Board (APPCB). This licence, PCB sources say, can be revoked any time if the unit fails to mend its ways.The APPCB had conducted an inspection in October 2011 and found that the pharma company was not just manufacturing a range of products without its clearance but also emitting large quantities of toxic effluents both into the environment and nearby storm water drain. The unit was even caught storing chemicals and solvents in open spaces as against under sheds. According to environmentalists, improper storage of chemicals accelerates health hazards among workers at the unit and also those living in the surrounding areas. Interestingly, SV's Remedies boasts of an ISO certification (9001:2008) and high-profile clientele, including the likes of Cipla, Dr Reddy's, Hetero, Sun Pharmaceuticals and Matrix Laboratories Ltd, among others.The list of prohibited products includes Lan Nitro (730 kg), 2-Nitro-5-Chloro Acetanilide (roughly 8,000 kg), 5-Carboxy Phalide (700 kg) and Mandelic Acid (439 kg). \"These drug intermediates, though hugely in demand in the market, are highly polluting. Any unit manufacturing them should have a proper pollution treatment plant on its premises to ensure that the effluents are treated before being discharged,\" said a senior official of a pharma company from the city explaining why most drug intermediate makers produce these products 'unofficially'. \"This helps them evade the high cost of setting up treatment plants,\" he added. The total quantity of such drug intermediates produced by the unit in Medak was close to 1.3 tones per month (TPM).Another violation that surfaced during the inspection was the over-production of permissible drugs. While, as per the PCB rulebook, the unit can manufacture only four tones of Omeprazole every month, it was found producing close to 6.87 TPM on an average. Worse, it even discontinued the production of products like Rabiprazole and Pentaprazole, the PCB checks revealed. These products are, however, found listed prominently on the pharma company's website.\"These violations have become common in the pharmaceutical sector now. Most drug makers are seen manufacturing products as per the market demand, irrespective of whether they have permission from the PCB or not,\" said a PCB official on conditions of anonymity. He even alleged the involvement of PCB officials and said these units are usually given a clean chit after a temporary closure.Not surprising then that the SV's Remedies unit too, after being closed in November last year, was allowed to resume operations in January. D Narender, environmental engineer with the PCB said, \"We did find violations. But after an inspection earlier this year, we found that the company was complying with the norms. Its temporary revocation is, therefore, likely to get extended now.\" Company representatives, who refused to divulge details or the contact numbers of the firm's top management, denied all closure reports and said that the unit was functioning as per prescribed norms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "13712274", "title": "Pakistani rangers nab Indian intruder, mum on his whereabouts", "text": "JAISALMER: Pakistani rangers have caught the person who had trespassed into their country but are neither handing him over to BSF nor giving any details about him.According to sources, a labourer, Prasanjeet Singh Sarkar, resident of Navada (west Bengal), working at a construction site near the international border adjoining Ganganagar, on Monday, had crossed over to Pakistan by jumping over the fencing from BSF border check post 7H.BSF has written a strict protest note to Pak rangers demanding the return of the man, but to no avail.The border force in this regard, had a flag meeting with Pak rangers and requested them to handover the person. Sources said 3-4 such meetings have taken place over the issue. In these meetings, BSF has been told that the person has been caught, but no information is being given on his whereabouts.Sources said if Pakistani rangers do not hand over the person in the next 3-4 days, then this issue will be raised at a high-level bilateral meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13720658", "title": "Devotees take holy dip on \u2018Nirjala Ekadashi\u2019", "text": "KANPUR: Hundreds of devotees took a dip in holy into the Ganga on the occasion of 'Nirjala Ekadashi' on Friday. People also distributed water, cold drinks, sweets and fruits to the poor.This year, 'Nirjala Ekadashi' remained a two-day affair.According to mythology, 'Nirjala Ekadashi' is the most important ekadashi out of the 24 ekadashis falling in a year. Nirjala means without water. During Nirjala Ekadashi, fast is observed without water and food. \"Nirjala Ekadashi fast is the toughest due to strict rules. Devotees abstain from food and water while observing the fast,\" said Ganga Devi, a senior citizen.Talking about the importance of the day, an astrologer said that the biggest benefit of this 'ekadashi' is that fasting on Nirjala Ekadashi brings benefits of all the 24 ekadashis.A large number of devotees, including women and children took a holy dip on the auspicious occasion. Prominent ghats like Sarsaiyya, Massaccre and Dordhi Ghat witnessed a large number of devotees, who offered donations.Special prayers were performed at various Vishnu temples on the day. It is considered that donating and distributing things on this day brings happiness to the families. Donating water is considered most auspicious.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "13716921", "title": "Brahmeshwar's killing: Magadh police put on high alert", "text": "GAYA: Amidst apprehensions of revival of turf war between the ultra left and Ranvir Sena in their old war zone comprising a good part of Magadh division, particularly Arwal and Jehanabad districts and the Tekari subdivision in Gaya district, the Magadh police has been put on high alert.According to officiating Range DIG Ajitabh Kumar, he has personally spoken to all the SPs of the Magadh Range directing them to maintain strict vigil and take adequate precautionary measures to ensure that the 'old wounds' were not revived. Though Brahmeshwar Singh, founder of Ranvir Sena, the private army that gave the Naxals in Magadh division a run for its money hailed from Bhojpur, Ranvir Sena carried out most of its major operations including the Laxmanpur Bathe, the mother of all massacres (Arwal district) and Mianpur (Aurangabad), the last of the series of carnages in Magadh division. Laxmanpur Bathe and Mianpur remain the important landmarks in the blood-tainted history of the region, though for different reasons. In terms of number of casualties, Laxmanpur Bathe remains the deadliest of the series of two digit killings in the Magadh division and adjoining areas of Patna division. Mianpur massacre in the Ranvir Sena's account book remains extremely important for Naxal watchers, as it was in Mianpur that the CPI (Maoist) renunciation of mass killing as an instrument of class war was put to test. The Maoists, it may be recalled, renounced mass killings after the Senari massacre in which 35 male adults belonging to a particular land-owning caste were butchered at Senari village of Arwal district. Ranvir Sena avenged Senari on June 16, 2000, but having renounced mass killings, the Maoists did not hit back thereby giving credence to their resolve to avoid mindless killing.The acquittal of all the 33 alleged Ranvir Sena activists who faced trial for killing 12 persons belonging to the underprivileged sections in Khagaribigha village due to lack of enough evidence has definitely caused anger in the section that has been at loggerheads with Ranvir Sena. The acquittals, according to general perception, were on account of a somewhat indifferent prosecuting machinery. Bihar CM Nitish Kumar , too, was reportedly unhappy with the prosecution machinery and as such, he directed the officials to challenge the acquittals in the Patna High Court. What worries field officials is that with the Sena patriarch no more there to lead from the front, extremist groups may try to regain at least some of their lost ground which may not augur well for peace in the region. True, Maoists have given up massacres. But they have not altogether given up violence and selective killings which was very much there on the Maoist agenda. And then only the Maoists have not been at loggerheads with the Ranvir Sena. Sena has been in a serious fight with CPI(ML), too, and unlike the Maoists, the CPI(ML) has neither undergone a change of heart nor a change of strategy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13736878", "title": "NRHM scam: CBI raids former minister's residences, FIR against 80 CMOs", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Saturday conducted raids in three places in Uttar Pradesh (UP) in connection with the multi-crore NRHM scam.The raids were conducted at the residential premises of Anant Mishra, minister in previous Mayawati government, in Lucknow and Kanpur. During the eight-hour search operation, the CBI, sources said, found several documents which would be helpful in investigation and can be used as evidence. Mishra was earlier questioned several times by the CBI. Sources in CBI did not deny possibility of his arrest soon.The action came after CBI filed an FIR in a fresh case against Mishra, former minister Babu Singh Kushwaha, former principal secretary health and NRHM mission director Pradeep Shukla. and 80 chief medical officers (CMOs) posted in different parts of the state during Mayawati's rule.The FIR is on appointments of these CMOs, who CBI claims executed the scam planned by the big fish in the government. Sources in the CBI said the appointments were made in total disregard of the rules. Sources in CBI claimed that the appointment was done by Kushwaha and Shukla. CBI sources said that NRHM funds were siphoned off through CMOs who were the executing authority at the grassroot level. The union health minister has even objected to violation of rules in appointments of CMOs but Mayawati government overlooked it.The health and family welfare department was with former chief minister Mayawati till June 2009 when it was bifurcated into two separate departments with Anant Mishra incharge of health and Babu Singh Kushwaha of family welfare. Till then, the CMO in a district used to handle both the health and family welfare department. However, post bifurcation, a separate post of CMO family welfare was created. The major anomalies in NRHM took place between 2009-11.The scam was unearthed after murder of two CMOs, family welfare, Lucknow, one after another in a gap of six months. The murders have been linked to scam. In April 2011, Mayawati sacked Mishra and Kushwaha. While Kushwaha has already been arrested by the CBI, Mishra is under the scanner for financial bungling as well as two murders.CBI has also arrested former CMO, Health, Lucknow, Dr AK Shukla and two shooters in connection with the murders.The motive behind the killing is said to be dispute over sharing of scam booty. Another accused in the case deputy CMO, family welfare, Dr YS Sachan, was arrested in June last year but was later found dead in jail under mysterious circumstances. Anant Mishra and Dr AK Shukla are also relatives and close to BSP's Brahmin face Satish Chandra Mishra. Pradeep Shukla has also been arrested on charges of financial bungling.The CBI is conducting probe on the directions of the high court. The probe is divided into three parts -- one is for scam in NRHM in Lucknow, another for scam in entire state and third on murders of CMOs and death of Sachan.The CBI has lodged 13 FIRs and arrested 21 persons so far in connection with in the NRHM scam. In several cases, it has also filed chargesheets. Separate FIRs have been filed for sub-standard supply of medical equipment, payments made without delivery of drugs, anomalies in upgrading of health centres among other things.The Comptroller and Auditor General has also found large scale financial anomalies in NRHM.Highlights * More than two lakh women who went in for institutional delivery were deprived of the benefit of janani suraksha yojana. Gaps like excess, fraudulent or doubtful payment of the incentives and non payment of transportation charges were spotted in test districts. * No clue of Rs 358 cr sanctioned by union government but not shown in state accounts. Rs 1,546 cr disbursed through unauthorized society. * Expenditures of Rs 4938.74 cr not maintained. * No baseline survey was undertaken to identify gaps in health care. * Deficient accounting and loose financial control led to financial mismanagement and aggregate impact of 396.63 crores. * 100% funds were released to construction agencies' like PACCFED without obtaining detailed estimates and utilization certificates. * Model estimates were prepared by application of incorrect and higher plinth area rates. * Construction agencies were paid without ensuring availability of land. * Purchases done without tender process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon/chandigarh", "code": "13713574", "title": "State hikes colonization fee, may impact property prices", "text": "GURGAON/CHANDIGARH: After house tax, the Haryana cabinet has targeted real estate sector in the state by approving the proposal of the department of town and country planning to increase the licence fee for residential plots, group housing and industrial colonies. Details of the increased rates shall be notified in the next couple of days, officials in the department of town and country planning said. The increased rates of licence fee may impact property rates, especially in new colonies coming up in Gurgaon, Faridabad, Sonepat and Panchkula districts, sources said.The cabinet also decided to include Gwal Pahari of Gurgaon in high potential zone. Currently, besides Gurgaon, other districts included in high potential zone are Faridabad, Sonepat and Panchkula, while Prithala of Palwal district has been included in the category of medium potential zone. Inclusion of Gwal Pahari and Pirthala was made after making changes in section 25 (1) of Punjab Scheduled Roads and Controlled Areas Restrictions of Unregulated Development Act, 1963, sources said.The cabinet also approved increase in conversion charges for hotels, motels with banquet facility and resort projects. It was decided that the schedule of conversion charges and licence fee would include distinction of controlled area as per earlier provisions of Punjab Scheduled Roads and Controlled Areas Restriction of Unregulated Development Act, 1963 i.e. section 4(1) (a) while section 4(1) (b) has been done away with.The separate category of conversion charges for commercial units like hotels, motels with banquet facilities and resorts will include existing commercial rates and 50% equivalent of licence fee and infrastructure development charges as applicable for commercial licences in hyper potential zone and 25% equivalent of licence fee and infrastructure development charges in other zones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13718422", "title": "Devotees fast on \u2018Nirjala Ekadashi\u2019", "text": "LUDHIANA: Worshipping in temples, observing fasts and donating fruits, hand fans and earthen pots marked 'Nirjala Ekadashi' celebrations across the city on Friday. It is believed that observing fast on this day gives one the benefits of 24 'ekadashis'. 'Chabeels' were organized in various parts of the city for the commuters to give them respite in this scorching heat.Devotees thronged temples to pray for prosperity and well being of their loved ones. Many observed fast and did not have even a drop of water throughout the day despite the fact that temperature is breaking all records.\"Usually I don't get time to observe fast due to my routine jobs, but I fast on this day without fail as it is a very auspicious occasion. Fasting purifies the mind as well as body,\" said Vishu Arora, a businessman and resident of Tagore Nagar.Echoing similar views, Shruti Jain, a homemaker and resident of Aggar Nagar, said, \"It is considered pious to observe fast on this day and I have been doing the same for the last many years. Initially it was quite difficult to remain without water, but now I have became habitual.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13712431", "title": "90-A provisions may not benefit unregularised colonies", "text": "JAIPUR: The provisions of 90-A may not come as a delight for many staying in unregularised colonies as residents will continue to remain deprived of basic facilities. According to a senior official of Jaipur Development Authority (JDA), after scrapping the controversial 90-B, the scope of earning revenue for state government has increased by regularizing the colonies.However, there are many colonies which might fall out of league. \"There are around 634 unregularised colonies as per the JDA records. But, all the colonies cannot be regularized.\"It would be very difficult for the authorities to regularize colonies falling under the ecological zone, colonies under Anti Corruption Bureau (ACB) investigation and colonies developed on JDA and Rajasthan Housing Board (RHB) land,\" said an official.\"There are around 250-275 colonies falling under the ecological zone as per Master Plan 2025 and majority of them are situated on Agra road,\" he said.\" The ecological area of new master plan is being increased as compared to the previous plan,\" he added. Also, around 150 colonies are waiting for ACB's final report so that the procedure of regularization can begin.Residents of unregularised housing schemes developed on JDA and RHB land will continue to be deprived of basic facilities such as roads, drainage etc till they get any permission from state government. There are around 100 such unregularised colonies in the city. These colonies are also facing difficulties as they are not developed as per the building planning committee (BPC) norms. To get regularized, it is necessary for the developer to reserve 40% area as facility area for parks, roads etc.An official claimed that apart from these colonies, the authorities will try to regularize colonies soon. \"We are trying to resolve the cases of houses having multiple land leases,\" he said.\"We will try to listen to both parties and in case they are ready to settle, the JDA will regularize their house,\" he said. Also, in colonies where more than 50% area has been constructed, will be regularized as per the state government direction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13719425", "title": "Retired policeman kills comatose son, commits suicide", "text": "MADURAI: In a chilling incident, a father, who was unable to bear the sufferings of his son who was in a comatose state for over a year killed him with poison before committing suicide late on Thursday night.Police said that Vivekanandan (63) of MMS Colony in Kannanendhal in Madurai had been the sole caretaker of his son Vigneswaran (26), who had gone into a coma stage after meeting with an accident in his two-wheeler about a year ago. Vigneswaran, who was married and had a daughter, was working with a Tamil daily when the accident took place.As doctors in both the government and private hospitals could not bring him out of the coma, Vivekanandan, a retired sub-inspector of police had opted to keep him in home care. But his daughter-in-law Tamilselvi, left the house with her daughter following a quarrel after her husband's accident. Adding to his woes, Vivekanandan's wife died a few months after her son's accident.Neighbours say that it was sad to see Vivekanandan struggling to take care of his son, looking after all his needs including feeding and cleaning him, which he did without any help from outsiders. He would lament about his bad times and the condition of his son to his neighbours. \"Something that worried him most was his son's welfare after him,\" they said.On Thursday, Vivekanandan looked restless and when his neighbours asked him about it, he did not tell them anything. On Friday morning, one of the neighbours found Vivekanandan's body hanging from the neem tree outside his house and raised an alarm. The neighbours immediately rushed into the house and found his son lying on the floor with froth coming from his mouth.Umatchikulam police rushed to the spot and recovered a soft drink bottle to which some poison had been added. Police said that the retired policeman had made his son drink the poisoned soft drink, before hanging himself.Umatchikulam police have registered a case and are investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13718984", "title": "Body found buried under \u2018metal\u2019 heap", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The residents of Sreekanteswaram in the city were in for a shock when the body of an old man was recovered from under the heap of crushed stone piled on road side for resurfacing works. The deceased was later identified as Rajan of Dhanuvachapuram near Parassala.According to the police, the body was found out around 8.30am on Friday. The workers were removing the crushed stones to be taken to Vanchiyoor area, where the road resurfacing works were going on. After a few digs, a head popped out of the heap. It was covered with a mundu. Panic spread among the people who gathered there, as they thought it was a decapitated head. They immediately alerted the police, who further removed the stones and found that the rest of the body was also there.The police secured the area and senior officers including Fort assistant commissioner M Radhakrishnan Nair, Sangumugham AC K C Vimal, Thampanoor circle inspector Sheen Tharayil and Fort CI S Y Suresh reached the spot immediately. After confirming that the body was found in the Fort police station limits, circle inspector S Y Suresh took charge of the investigation.According to Suresh there was nothing suspicious about the death. \"Though the way the body was recovered did call for suspicion, the doctors who conducted the autopsy have informally told that the death occurred due to cardiac arrest. They also said that the deceased was suffering from severe pneumonia,\" said the circle inspector. The deceased was a vagabond and might have chosen the pile of metal to sleep on. The lorry carrying the crushed stone might have dropped the load over his body unknowingly at night, said the Inspector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13726120", "title": "Techno tutors", "text": "Science and Technology department of Rajasthan is providing free coaching to engineering aspirants, finds out Sameer FernandezUsing latest technology as an aid to impart education, the Science and Technology department of the Government of Rajasthan, is giving free tutorials on Physics, Chemistry and Math for engineering exams. In a first of its kind initiative, the department in association with ISRO has set up a SATCOM Studio in Jaipur, in which the faculty and teachers give coaching, which is then transmitted to the state districts and Panchayat Samitis.\"This initiative was taken after an announcement made by the Chief Minister in the state budget. And the department has made all round efforts to ensure that the benefits of this programme percolate to the lowest levels,\" says Minister for Science and Engineering, Raj Kumar Sharma. \"The initiative has been undertaken keeping the economically weaker children in mind, who are not able to afford the expensive private tuition centres, though we have not restricted admission among the students. Anybody who thinks can benefit from the video conference tutorials is more than welcome to join the programme.\"The model has been conceived with an aim to fulfill the coaching needs of the students that come from rural and far flung areas of the state, where private coaching and assistance is rare. For this the network has been linked to all the 32 districts and 237 Panchayat Samitis of the state.Through 12 ROT's (Receive Only Terminal) installed at the Panchayat Samitis and 44 SIT's (Satellite Interactive Terminal) installed at the Districts under the supervision of the Block Development Officers and the Education Nodal Officer. Students come to these centres and participate in live interactions with the faculty/teacher, and can also get their queries attended to, in real time.\"Their queries are addressed and problematic topics are taken up by the faculty again if necessary,\" says Dr Meghendra Sharma, research officer at the Remote Sensing Application Centre, SATCOM, Jaipur. \"The hard copies along with readily available soft copies are also being provided to the students, where the matter is completely in Hindi. The response from the students too has been good. The well researched study material touches upon all topics. Almost 48 questions from the study material have come in the PET paper, which is testimony to the quality of the material,\" adds Meghendra. In time to come, the department plans to include medical coaching which will include subjects like Zoology and Botany and these would be explained more vividly through animation and graphics.There is also a counseling session by the lecturers where the doubts of the students are addressed and solutions given after the classes are over. The students can also call and arrange a time with the concerned faculty for their sessions. With an average of 30-40 students in each district, the campaign has been well received among students from across the state. Rajasthan is the only state after Andhra Pradesh to have implemented such a programme. With the success of engineering coaching, the department now also plans to lend the technologically advanced medium of coaching to students taking the Medical entrance examinations as well.\"The teachers and educationists are a panel of experts that have been recruited from various top colleges and Universities of Rajasthan. With the required experience in their respective disciplines and remuneration being provided by the Government, the faculty puts in their best in teaching the students,\" says Dr Meghendra.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "13719602", "title": "Nabam Tuki markets Arunachal at Dhaka meet", "text": "ITANAGAR: Arunachal Pradesh chief minister Nabam Tuki marketed the state as the future powerhouse of hydropower at the North East India-Bangladesh Business Conclave held as a part of the Indo-Bangla Trade Fair 2012 in Dhaka on Thursday.He said Arunachal has an estimated hydropower potential of more than 57,000 MW, which is almost one-third of India's total hydro-power potential.Tuki also invited the various prospective investors who attended the meeting to visit the state and see for themselves the limitless possibilities that exist here and assured them full support from his government.He said the state is veritable treasure-house of natural resources and has immense advantages in the fields of tourism, hydropower, agriculture, horticulture, minerals and forestry. He added that Arunachal could be a unique investment destination for investors from all over the world.The Business Conclave with the theme - 'Emerging Business Opportunities between North East India and Bangladesh: The Way Forward',was inaugurated by AMA Mohit, Bangladesh finance minister.\"Our state is an unmatched destination for eco-tourism, wildlife tourism, religious tourism, rural tourism and adventure tourism,\" Tuki said at the conclave. He also spoke about Arunachal's potential in growing large-scale organic agri-horticulture products like pineapples, kiwis, oranges, apples, mushrooms, ginger, off-season vegetables, tea, rubber and cardamom.Tuki also met Bangladesh foreign minister Dipu Moni and pitched for international investments while projecting the unique natural advantages enjoyed by the state in various sectors. He informed Moni about a sizeable Buddhist population and religious pilgrimage sites for Buddhists in the state. He shared his plans to promote religious tourism in Arunachal in the near future which would open the gates for the Buddhist population in Southeast Asian countries. Moni enthusiastically responded to the proposal, complementing him for having a positive vision for the state and its people.During the course of discussion, a joint venture in hydropower between Arunachal Pradesh and Bangladesh was agreed upon. Moni also expressed the desire to purchase power from Arunachal Pradesh and suggested establishment of a central power grid.Moni also spoke about increasing bilateral trade and offered to export cosmetics, garments, textiles etc, which are produced at very cheap rates in Bangladesh, to Arunachal and other northeastern states.The chief minister appreciated the efforts of the Centre and of Bangladesh to increase trade relations by introducing multiple-entry visas for businessmen from both the countries. He said this initiative would boost the trade and economy of the two countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13719648", "title": "MS will turn MSc for students", "text": "MANGALORE: The students, who joined MS software technology course at Aloysius Institute of Management and Information Technology (AIMIT) of St Aloysius College in 2009, may not get their degree certificates as the Mangalore University has not approved the course. Instead they will be getting certificates for MSc Software Technology. The convocation ceremony will be held on Saturday.As many as 37 students had joined the institution for MS in software technology and the two-year course was completed in 2011.\"We joined the course with the expectation of receiving an MS degree in software technology as advertised in the media, official website and college prospectus. We preferred the post-graduate course to the widely-accepted MCA trusting the management, who assured us that the course is more proficient than MCA. However, we are disappointed at the fact that we will be receiving an MSc degree instead of the promised MS degree,\" students complained in a signed letter, a copy of which is in TOI's possession, to the college authorities. \"We had raised the issue during the first year of the course and the management then had reassured us that we will be receiving an MS degree. MS and MSc are two different courses and this makes a lot of difference to a person's qualification,\" students stated in the letter.Varnashri Kamath (name changed), a student, said, \"Our parents have spent thousands for the course. It is not fair on part of the college to offer courses without getting necessary approval from the university. The college and the university should think about our future and do the needful to compensate our loss.\"When contacted college registrar AM Narahari said that he was not aware of the objections from the students regarding the course.\"In the marks card it was clearly mentioned as MSc software technology and at no stage, there was a mention of MS in Software Technology,\" he added.Mangalore University vice-chancellor TC Shivashankara Murthy said that the university did not approve MS degree in Software Technology for AIMIT of St Aloysius College.\"We have given approval for MSc in Software Technology,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13713561", "title": "Water tankers start getting licence", "text": "KOCHI: In an attempt to ensure quality of potable water supplied through tanker lorries in the city, the Kochi Corporation began issuing licences to these vehicles on Friday.Licence is issued to lorries after they undergo a thorough inspection by health officials.The corporation received 217 applications for licence since the process began. \"While checking, health officials found that some tankers had not adhered to stipulations. The corporation has asked the owners of these tankers to rectify defects within 15 days,\" said Health Standing Committee chairman T K Ashraf.The local body hopes to complete the licence issuing process in a week's time. The licence has to be displayed on the front side of the tankers.Launching the project at the Edapally regional office, mayor Tony Chammany said the corporation had found that around 400 vehicles were distributing water in the city.\"At present there is no mechanism to regulate tankers that supply potable water. The city corporation is the first local body in the state to regulate the operation of these vehicles. Stringent action will be taken against tanker operators who violate rules,\" he said.The mayor urged the health department to test the quality of water at the filling stations which were located outside corporation limits.The corporation pays KWA around Rs 2 crore annually for supplying potable water through lorries. It was following a government order directing local bodes to regulate tankers supplying potable water that the corporation drafted a set of regulations in May 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13736501", "title": "Mphasis Q2 net profit falls 12.83%", "text": "MUMBAI: IT services firm Mphasis posted 12.83 per cent decline in consolidated net profit at Rs 189.43 crore for the second quarter ended April 30, 2012, compared to the same period last fiscal.The company's consolidated net profit stood at Rs 217.32 crore in the quarter ended April 30, 2011, Mphasis said in a filing to the BSE. On sequential basis, net profit was up 2.5 per cent.The company's fiscal year runs from November to October. However, net sales for the reported quarter were up 5.71 per cent at Rs 1,328.87 crore from Rs 1,257.06 crore in the year-ago period.The banking and capital market business contributed Rs 344.22 crore, while insurance and IT, Communications and Entertainment segments accounted for Rs 153.69 crore and Rs 349.39 crore in Q2 FY'12.Emerging industries vertical contributed Rs 505.52 crore in the same period.\"Combination of cost optimisation and improved quality of revenue were the key drivers resulting in improved profitability. Our hyper specialisation journey continues and that is generating higher quality pipeline,\" MphasiS Chief Executive Officer Ganesh Ayyar said.Cash and cash equivalents increased by Rs 157 crore during the quarter to reach Rs 2,339 crore.MphasiS, a part of the HP group, has over 37,000 employees globally and services clients in banking and capital markets, media and entertainment, insurance, manufacturing, communications, healthcare and life sciences among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13711342", "title": "Government warns ryots against \u2018seedy\u2019 companies", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state government on Friday cautioned cotton farmers against falling prey to seed companies that are high on brand name and low on yield.Strengthening the argument, agriculture principal secretary B Nagi Reddy said since the choice of farmers was not always based on scientific reasons, he presented findings of an experiment conducted at Angrau's regional agricultural station during 2011-12 wherein 54 popular BT cotton hybrids marketed in AP were evaluated under normal agronomic practices, but without any insecticide sprays.\"It is apparent that the hybrids of Mahyco company for which there is a lot of craze in Telangana districts has relatively underperformed when compared to the hybrids of other companies such as Ajit, Kaveri, Bio Seeds, Nuzveed Seeds, Tulasi Seeds, Ankur Seeds etc. Farmers are requested to look at the scientific basis and select the cotton hybrids rationally, without being blindly guided by others and marketers,\" he said.Strangely, Mahyco positioned for marketing only six lakh seed packets as against 10 lakh for reasons best known to the company. \"Because of this shortage, farmers are tempted to purchase Mahyco seed even in black market without any receipt. This could be a fake seed and the seed may not even contain the BT gene. Farmers purchasing such fake seed could not only incur huge losses, but also will not be able to claim any compensation from the company,\" Reddy cautioned.The agriculture principal secretary said certain hybrids were more popular in some districts for reasons beyond science and could be because of the marketing strategy adopted by the companies concerned to some extent. \"Farmers in different districts have developed different preferences. At the same time, different hybrids have different popularity levels in various districts. Nevertheless such irrational preferences are causing huge stress to farmers and they are wasting time and resources to procure hybrids of a particular company. In this process they are also cheated at times by unscrupulous elements who sell fake seeds in black market,\" he pointed out.Agriculture officials said sufficient BT cotton seed packets were positioned in all Telangana districts where the demand has been consistently growing. The largest BT cotton seed stock (13.26 lakh packets) has been positioned in Adilabad, followed by 6.62 lakh packets in Khammam, 5.20 lakh in Warangal, 5.12 lakh in Mahbubnagar, Warangal 4.89 lakh packets in Guntur and 4.26 lakh packets in Karimnagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13717670", "title": "Traders add rider to food security act", "text": "RANCHI: The business community of Jharkhand is up in arms against the state government and has demanded that the Food Security and Standard Act should not be implemented in the state till all the districts have testing laboratories.The traders have also demanded that the state government should ensure availability of quality water from public taps which is used by all roadside vendors and small outlets.State president of the Confederation of All India Traders (CAIT) Suresh Sonthalia said the provisions of the act were very stringent and could only be met by big companies. Small vendors who struggle to earn a square meal will not be in a position to cook food according to the act because of poor quality water supplied by the government.\"All the vendors and small eateries use municipal water for preparing food. Everyone knows that if the water is tested it will not meet the standards specified in the act. In case the food fails quality test, the vendor will have to face jail term of six months and or fine of Rs 5 lakh. We demand that before implementing the act in Jharkhand, the state government should first improve the quality of supply water,\" said Sonthalia who is also the regional vice-president of the Federation of Jharkhand Chamber of Commerce and Industries (FJCCI). \"We don't have food testing laboratories and the moment there is some complaint on quality of food the outlet will be sealed after collection of sample. The shop will open only after the result comes. If the result comes after one week, the shop will remain closed. We demand that the state should first set up food testing laboratories in each district and if possible have some mobile units,\" said Sonthalia and added if the government ignores, they would be forced to launch agitation.FJpresident Sajjan Saraf said he had written to state health secretary and requested him to exempt small traders from the purview of the act. \"People having annual transaction of less that Rs 12 lakh should be exempted from taking licence for the business,\" said Saraf.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13720612", "title": "Patia paupers become princes", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Nonagenarian Banamali Jena is loath to leave his ancestral house - a two-room thatched roof structure with an open-air space in the front - and move to the family's new sprawling bungalow next door. The three-storied building of the Jenas boasts of ultramodern interiors, marble flooring and the latest electronic gadgets.The two houses symbolizes Patia's transition from a village inhabited largely by marginal farmers till the late 1980s to one of the most posh suburban localities of Bhubaneswar's millionaires, now. Anyone who had half-a-acre land in the area is a rich person today.There are very few men of Jena's age in the village and fewer thatched roof structures. \"Not that I don't like my new house. But I have an attachment with my ancestral home,\" said Jena, who is among those who reaped rich dividends from their land banks.As thatched roof has given way for multi-storied RCC structures, bullock carts have vacated space for SUVs and MUVs. \"There was a time when all families had at least one pair of bullocks. Now, the total number of cattle heads in the village of around 15,000 people would be less than 20. Most, however, own cars,\" he said.Patia region, comprising Patia and around 20 surrounding villages including Kalarahanga, Enjana, Krushnasaranpur, Rokat, Borimunda, Kalyanapur, Gandarpur, Marchia, Balipada, Tangibanta, Raghunathpur, Jali, Ostapara, Chandrasekharpur, Singhada, Khairapada, Dhabwa and Kalajhari, in the state capital has seen a miraculous turnaround. It now boasts of around 100 high ticket residential projects, dozen educational institutions of repute and the Infocity housing several information technology giants.From the time when Patia dam on Kuakhari river broke way in 1925 till it was restored in 1945, the area had the worst time. \"No land was cultivable because of sand cover. Villagers used to migrate in search of livelihood. Things took a turn towards the better when several village elders got together to restore the dam. People started farming again,\" said Jena, who has written a book on the history and transformation of the locality.But it was when land price took a quantum jump in the late 80s and in 90s, the villagers saw miracles happening overnight. \"Several villagers sold land and used the money to do business. Many became shareholders in the constructions. When money came, everything else followed,\" said Khirod Mohanty, a retired banker in his 60s, who has also made the best out of the construction boom. An acre of land, now fetches, at least Rs 8 crore. It was available for Rs 5,000 per acre till 1975, villagers said.Real estate developers said the area had a natural advantage to grow. \"The infocity and the educational institutions propelled the area's growth. Connectivity to Cuttack via Barang, straight four-lane road from the airport and huge patch of readymade land usable for construction made it a favoured destination,\" said D S Tripathy, president of Confederation of Real Estate Developers Association of India (CREDAI), Odisha branch.The other reason why Patia attracted developers was because of the government's announcement earlier that Patia railway station would be developed as an alternative to Bhubaneswar station for trains coming from western Odisha side. The station never developed but growth of the region took place any way, Tripathy said.After initial euphoria, some of those who exploited their land for construction without taking proper precaution are facing a new problem these days. Many people shared the land with developers for residential projects by giving power of attorney to the latter. On such projects, builders would give them 30 to 40% share in the developed land.A section of the illiterate and semi-literate villagers, who became instantly rich, did not know how to use the huge wealth. \"Now, they have neither cash nor land. Some such villagers are doing odd jobs in construction companies,\" said another villager.Years after the developers sold their share of the housing units, the original land owners are getting notice from income tax department of huge pendency of tax dues. Laxmidhar Panda, a resident of Patia who had given 50 decimal of land for development around 10 years ago, has recently got a notice of Rs 1.08 crore income tax dues. \"It is a rude shock,\" he said.Mushrooming of concrete structures has given rise several civic problems as well. \"While undertaking a project, builders are not taking care of drainage system. Drains of most such projects were running openly resulting in water-logging and compromising on sanitation,\" said Sanjay Kumar Sethy, corporator of the area, adding several projects are coming up at the narrow entry point of Patia, which will further mess up the urban design. Sethy said water scarcity is emerging as a major problem as groundwater table is receding because of the concrete jungles.Patia landmarksKIIT UniversityInfosys, Wipro and TCSSilicon Institute of TechnologyL V Prasad Eye InstituteBiju Patnaik Institute of Information Technology and ManagementMITS School of BiotechnologySt Xavier's International SchoolSAI International SchoolCentral Institute of Plastic Engineering &amp; TechnologyCentral Tool Room &amp; Training Centre", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13714650", "title": "Amausi' new terminal to open tomorrow", "text": "LUCKNOW: Exactly two weeks after it was inaugurated by Union civil aviation minister Ajit Singh, the new terminal at Amausi airport will finally open its arms to flyers on Saturday. The Airport Authority of India is all geared up to throw open to public the much awaited facility, long touted as an ambitious gateway to the state capital.Airport director, Atul Dikshit said that all preparations including shifting of offices of different airlines and staff have been completed. \"The entire passenger load will be transferred to the new terminal, while the old building will be closed down,\" he said. Oman Airways would be the first flight to touch down the runway at 4.00 a.m. on Saturday. Passengers will be routed to the new terminal building, which has extensive immigration arrangements for the passengers flying to and from abroad.The terminal will be set buzzing by 6.00 am when domestic flight operations will begin. Passengers coming to and from Delhi will get a feel of the new terminal which is equipped with modern passenger facilities.Spread over an area of around 20,000 square metres, the three-tier building is estimated to be constructed at a cost of around Rs 120 crore. Enough to accommodate 750 passengers at any given point of time, the new terminal will have internet cafes, duty-free shops, cafeteria, snack bars, bookshops and jewellery stores. While the ground floor will have the arrival and departure points, the first floor will have a lounge connected to two aerobridges that will enable the passengers to walk straight into the aircraft. AAI officials said that the parking space for vehicles too is ready for operational use.The new terminal holds much significance given the fact that it serves the capital of country's most populous state. The Lucknow airport presently caters to over 2.5 lakh fliers every year, and is likely to go beyond three lakh by the end of current financial year. It has been witnessing an increase in the number of airlines coming forth to connect it with other cities in India as well as abroad. With the airport witnessing a steady increase - often estimated in the range of 15-20% every year, the need for a new terminal has increasingly been felt. The coming of new terminal is also important for the fact that the present terminal is fast losing its sheen and utility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13712353", "title": "Union immigration bureau takes over in Goa", "text": "PANAJI: The Bureau of Immigration (BOI) of the Union home ministry on Friday took over the management of the immigration desks at Dabolim airport, the seaport at Mormugao and the foreigner's registration office (FRO) in Goa, SP (Immigration) Tony Fernandes said.Fernandes told TOI that for now the Goa police will continue to operate the immigration counters at the airport, seaport and FRO, but subsequently they would be replaced by the BOI staff.A Union ministry of home affairs notification stated that the central government hereby appoints the foreigners regional registration officer, Goa, as the 'Civil Authority' and 'Registration Officer' for the jurisdiction of the entire state of Goa including Goa international airport and Mormugao seaport with effect from May 31.The BOI has selected 35 Goa police staff to work under them and requested an additional 30 staff till such period they bring in their own employees. BOI has requested the Goa police to provide names of 50 staff, of whom it will select 30. BOI plans to post 41 staff at the airport, nine at the seaport and 15 at the FRO.As per the home ministry policy, all airports where international flights land are to be manned by immigration bureau officials. Already, the immigration services at major international airports in India and foreigners' registration work in seven major cities-Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata, Chennai, Amritsar, Bangalore and Hyderabad-are handled by the immigration bureau.The immigration bureau had plans to post 170 personnel in Goa. Their plan was to post 100 personnel at the Dabolim airport alone, so that there are immigration officials available for two shifts. This was rejected by the Goa police due to shortage of staff. Presently, 45 Goa police personnel are posted at the airport, 10 at the seaport and 27 at the FRO.Sources said that under the immigration bureau, the desks will be handled professionally, the staff will be trained and hi-tech equipment will help detect fake passports.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13718099", "title": "Law requires vandals to pay for property damage", "text": "MUMBAI: Vandals may have had a field day on the day of the Bharat Bandh on Thursday, but harsh monetary reality could await them. Three years ago the Bombay High Court pushed the state government to make van dals pay for the damage they caused to public property. The result was changes to the law that would make political parties and persons responsible for the dam age they caused.In 2009, the high court was hearing a public interest litiga tion filed by former Mumbai po lice chief Julio Ribeiro seeking action against vandals. The Ma harashtra government the same year amended the Bombay Police Act to make protesters indulging in violence pay for the damage The special provision in the law empowered the concerned dis trict magistrate to fix the liability on vandals.The highest fine so far recov ered has been Rs 7.8 lakh from Vile Parle-based Shiv Sena activ ist, who led an attack on a five star hotel on January 21, 2009 MNS workers were ordered to shell out Rs 57,000 for vandalizing the office of the registrar of the University of Mumbai on Janu ary 22 the same year.Maharashtra Navnirman Sena and Samajwadi Party work ers were ordered to pay Rs 2,000 and Rs 12,000 respectively for damage caused during protests on November 9, 2009. The state also penalized supporters of state minister Narayan Rane Rs 4,300 for an attack on the office of Marathi daily.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "13719570", "title": "Study demanded on Tripura water palace", "text": "AGARTALA: With the recent approval of the Planning Commission's investment clearance for Rudrasagar, the only water palace in eastern India, environmental activists renewed their demand for a comprehensive study on conservation and management of the lake.Dr P K Bhattacharjee, a leading environment activist, said besides strengthening data and knowledge centre based on geo-information system to facilitate mapping and policy planning of the resource potential of Tripura, the Planning Commission should pay attention to conservation of existing waterbodies in the state.Earlier, several others organizations had submitted a 15-point recommendation to the government on Rudrasagar and other waterbodies.Watershed conservation and treatment would be extensively promoted to reduce top soil erosion and transportation of inland sediments, the experts said, adding that district-level water quality testing laboratories with advanced equipment need to be promoted and established as well.Meanwhile, the Planning Commission has given investment clearance of Rs 14.89 crore for the scheme 'Rudrasagar Drainage Development Scheme', which would be implemented within this financial year.The implementation of the scheme will restrict the water-spread area of the lake during monsoon and maintain the water level at 13 metre during winter and 11 metre during other seasons to boost the ecology of the area. An area of 2,200 hectare with a population of 1,000 will benefit from the scheme.As part of the revival plan, the government has decided to ensure wetlands in 250 hectare out of a total of 13,096 hectare of wetland and its catchment areas.About 42% of the land at Rudrasagar, which has got the 'national lake' tag, is being used for farming purposes, which is having a disastrous impact on the ecological balance of the lake.The water level, which used to be 30 feet, has dwindled to only two feet, posing a serious threat to the pisciculture project as well as boating facility at the lake.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13726696", "title": "IIHS appoints former SEBI head as executive chairperson", "text": "MUMBAI: The Indian Institute for Human Settlements (IIHS) recently announced the appointment of former SEBI chairman, CB Bhave as their executive chairperson. Bhave takes over from well known urbanist Shirish Patel.Bhave was the chairman of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI), India's capital markets regulator from 2008 to 2011. He was also the founding chairman and managing director of the National Securities Depository (NSDL), which has established a national infrastructure of international standards that handles most of the securities held and settled in dematerialised form in the Indian capital market. He brings this expertise of building national institutions to IIHS.The IIHS board and promoter group consists other eminent Indians including, Cyrus Guzder, Deepak Parekh, Deepak Satwalekar, Jamshyd Godrej , Kishore Mariwala, Nasser Munjee, Nandan Nilekani , Rahul Mehrotra, Rakesh Mohan, Renana Jhabvala, Shirish Patel, Vijay Kelkar, Xerxes Desai and Aromar Revi.The IIHS is a prospective national university for inter-disciplinary learning, research and practice institution that focuses on the equitable, sustainable and efficient transformation of Indian settlements.The Universities for Research and Innovation Bill 2012, introduced recently in the Lok Sabha , is aimed at allowing the establishment and incorporation of 'Research and Innovation Universities' such as IIHS to become hubs for learning ecosystems to develop around education, research and innovation.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13712163", "title": "Regional transport office clerk held for graft", "text": "MUMBAI: A senior clerk of the Andheri regional transport office (RTO) who accepted a bribe of Rs 1,200 from an auto driver to clear his badge for driving, was arrested by the Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) on Friday.Vijay Sonawane has been booked under the Prevention of Corruption Act and will be produced in the special court on Saturday.The complaint was filed by an auto driver who wanted to apply for the badge. Sonawane demanded Rs 3,000 from him. Sonawane even threatened to tear his application if the money was not paid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13719809", "title": "Mahatma's aide to spread word through 'Gandhi Katha'", "text": "MYSORE: Mahatma Gandhi , the Father of the Nation, is known to the present generation through books and other mediums, but Narayan Desai has spent some memorable time with the Mahatma himself.On a mission to spread the word about Gandhi, the septuagenarian is in Mysore to hold 'Gandhi Katha', aimed at introducing the Mahatma to the GenY. 'Gandhi Katha' will be held till June 5 between 5pm and 8pm at Vijaya Vitthala School in Kuvempunagar here. Gandhi is not a character from Indian epics like 'Ramayana' or 'Mahabharatha', but he lived among us and his story must be told in a different way.\"That is the reason why I'm on a mission talking about Gandhi,\" he said. \"Gandhi saw me before I saw him,\" he said in an interaction with journalists at an event hosted by Mysore District Journalists' Association on Friday.Inspired by Gandhi, Desai wrote a comprehensive four-volume biography on him in Gujarati. He spoke at length the relevance of Gandhi for the present age, saying Gandhi is relevant not just to India, but to the whole world. The prevalence of three evils -- violence, unemployment and disparity - has made him conduct 'Gandhi Katha' in India and abroad.Desai has conducted some 70 'Gandhi Katha's in Gujarat, and another 20 outside the state. This is the first time in Karnataka that Desai is holding sessions on Gandhi.When asked about the changes that his mission has brought about in the society, he said: \"I do not know whether people have changed, but I have changed myself.\"On a serious note, Desai said he is not focussing on changing the society overnight, but aiming to bring in changes in individuals.Desai said he drew inspiration from two books that were presented to him by Gandhi during his stay in the ashram.The Gandhian was, however, upset with corruption, which, he said, is deep rooted in the society. \"People have forgotten to fulfill their duties but expect their demands to be fulfilled,\" he rued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13718100", "title": "Cops to scan footage to identify vandals", "text": "MUMBAI: Political activists who happily went on a vandalizing spree during Bharat Bandh on Thursday could have reason to worry. The state home depart ment on Friday asked police of ficials to gather footage of vandalism from across the state so that legal action could be initi ated against, and fines recovered from, the offenders.Home minister R R Patil said \"We have no objection against those who peacefully participat ed in the bandh. But the police won't spare anyone who attempt ed to disturb the law-and-order situation.\" He added, \"Data (vid eo footage) of the miscreants in volved in damaging property will be compiled. Besides registering complaints against the offenders the cost of damages done to gov ernment and private properties will be recovered.\"A day prior to the bandh, a meeting was held to take stock of police preparations. It was de cided that the police would arm a few personnel with cameras Mumbai police sources said that more than a dozen police stations used cameras. Nisar Tamboli deputy commissioner of police said, \"The footage will help make water-tight cases.\"Meanwhile, replying to what the government would do if there were cases without video footage Patil said, \"The traffic police have cameras installed at vital locations. The department will make use of that footage. In cases where there is no government footage, the police will take video recordings from news channels. He added, \"The footage will be used as evidence in court.\"Brijesh Singh, additional com missioner of police (traffic), said \"The footage available with traf fic control will be examined and handed over to police stations or an investigating agency.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "13717470", "title": "Deadlock continues over appointment of undergraduate teachers in Tripura", "text": "AGARTALA: The impasse over the appointment of undergraduate teachers (UGT) in government-run schools in Tripura continues. The Union ministry of human resource development (MHRD) has turned down the plea of the state government for relaxation of the Teachers Eligibility Test (TET) and educational qualification at least for this time.The government had argued that the state does not have proper infrastructure for teachers training and traditionally teachers in the state have been appointed without any written test.The state government had invited application for the post of UG teachers long before the Right to Education (RTE) Act was passed in the Parliament. The RTE came into force during the appointment process of the teachers was going on and it held up the procedure of appointments, principal secretary of school education Banamali Sinha said. The state government had earlier approached MHRD to allow one-time relaxation on TET, which was made mandatory under RTE, to avoid impasse over the filling up of 4,600 posts of UGTs.Sinha claimed that MHRD had agreed to allow Madhyamik-pass candidates as UG teachers instead of higher secondary candidates for this time. The Centre had made it clear that only Madhyamik-pass candidates with 50 per cent marks would be considered for UG teachers.Sinha said the TET issue would be taken up in the meeting of state education ministers to be held on June 5 next in New Delhi under the chairmanship of HRD minister Kapil Sibal .Meanwhile, the demand for relaxation of educational qualification marks and TET for recruitment of teachers have triggered resentment in the political circle. The opposition blamed the government for compromising with the quality of education and appointing teachers from party cadres.The opposition has been demanding the setting up of School Service Commission for recruitment of teachers in the schools, but the state government was opposing it saying that if a commission is set up, needy and poor candidates will be deprived.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13711562", "title": "Rare Dugong population is on decline", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat Ecological Education and Research (GEER) Foundation has suggested that a study should be taken up with the help of deep sea scuba divers to estimate the exact population of Dugong along the India coast.The population of this rare sea cow is on a decline along the Indian coast.The Dugong population off the coast of Lakshadweep Islands seems to be extinct as there have been no recent sightings in the region. Officials also said that Dugongs were common in Andaman &amp; Nicobar Islands during the British era, but populations steeply declined later due to poaching and habitat destruction. Dugongs are reported in Ritchie's Archipelago, North Reef, Little Andaman, Camorta and Nicobar Islands. However, large populations are no longer seen and numbers are believed to have been falling since the 1950s.Officials said that observations made by the Central Marine Fisheries Research Institute and various other organizations in India have revealed that the dugong populations all over India are declining. At present, it seems that the largest population of dugongs in India is in Gulf of Mannar and Palk Bay region followed by Andaman and Nicobar Islands, although the population size is presumed to be very small.The 2004 tsunami had damaged much of the dugong habitats in the Nicobar regions. Dugong population in Gulf of Kutch is also endangered.A senior officer said that among the decline of Dugong population was mainly because of vessel strikes, habitat loss and degradation, disease, chemical pollutants, hunting, and incidental drowning in nets.Dugongs are vulnerable to anthropogenic pressures as dependent only on sea grasses in coastal areas which now have been seriously damaged by fishing, trawling, and dredging. Dugongs have also been hunted for their meat, oil, hide, bones and teeth.Officials said that the feeding grounds, sea grass beds are highly degraded due to change in the fishing technology. With mechanized boats replacing the non-mechanized boats for fishing in the shallow water there has been a degrading of the sea grass beds and destroying their habitats. Moreover, water pollution and siltation have also hampered this unique dugong habitat.Officials said that the there was a need to identify other important and potential dugong habitats in the country and to bring them under the Protected Area Network for better conservation planning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13729567", "title": "It was certainly a tough match: Vishwanathan Anand", "text": "After notching his fifth world championship, Viswanathan Anand tells us that he misses his sonSo, you have decided to make an unbreakable record of multiple championships ... (Laughs) I really don't look at the tournaments, keeping records in mind. For me, each game is a new challenge. At that time, every other thought fades into oblivion. This tourney saw many draws. Did you ever have those teeny-weeny thoughts of niggling doubts? It was certainly a tough match and I was aware that it could go anywhere. One little fault and things could go out of my hand. But then, I looked beyond those niggling thoughts and focused all my energies on the game. To whom do you dedicate this win? A win is a win, which is about that particular moment. So, I have never really dedicated it to anyone formally. But yes , it's the support of my family, friends and support team. That has played a major role. How is your son, Akhil? He's back home with his grandparents. Right now the reigning thought in my mind is to go back home and celebrate life and my win with Akhil. Both of us are now impatient to get back to him and spend time with him. We never left him alone for so long! And what role has Aruna played in this win? She's been an inspiration for me. She manages my entire schedule and takes care of all the mundane and major problems so that I can focus on my game. You have notched another amazing victory, but your Team Chennai lost the IPL. Any words of solace for skipper MS Dhoni? So what if Chennai lost? At least they reached the finals! I'm sure Dhoni will notch many more victories in the coming season. You had told us sometime back that Madhuri Dixit is your fave heroines. Now that she's back in B'town, would you be game, if you are offered a film opposite her? (Grins) Of course, I will be game, but I will have to stay in India for that period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13712402", "title": "AC bus to take you from home to business hubs", "text": "MUMBAI: The government has come up with yet another plan to overcome the ever-growing traffic congestion in the city.The state plans to introduce air-conditioned BEST buses along routes connecting business districts such as Nariman Point, World Trade Center, Bandra-Kurla Complex and Navi Mumbai with residential pockets in the suburbs. Dedicated AC buses would ply these routes during peak hours. The move is meant to discourage use of private vehicles to get to work.The decision was taken at a recent meeting of the empowered committee of the Mumbai Transformation Support Unit (MTSU), a policy think-tank appointed by the government to realize the objective of uplifting the quality of life in Mumbai and transforming it into a world-class metropolis.The MTSU, in coordination with the traffic police, the BEST and some non-profit outfits, drafted a blueprint for the project on instructions from chief minister Prithviraj Chavan. It was finalized at the meeting, which was chaired by Chavan's principal secretary, Ajit Jain.\"The idea is to make public transport more comfortable, citizen friendly and affordable,\" stated a press release issued on Friday by the CM's office. The communication referred to recurrent demands being raised by citizens in this regard.In the absence of an option of convenient public transport, a large number of citizens belonging to the working class commute using self-driven cars or by taxis. MTSU member Narinder Nayar, who heads Bombay First, said, \"Such journeys often extend beyond an hour. Besides causing pollution and traffic congestion, the journeys often mean wastage of work hours.\"To involve citizens in the initiative, a survey to decide on the routes on which such buses could ply will be conducted. \"Questionnaires for the employees have been sent to corporate houses,\" said Nayar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13713185", "title": "20 injured as bus turns turtle at Babughat", "text": "KOLKATA: Over 20 people were injured after a mini bus, coming from Howrah, hit a tree and turned turtle at Babughat on Friday night. The injured passengers were rushed to SSKM hospital and condition of some of them were stated to be critical. Officers from South Port police station, who rushed to the spot after the accident, said the bus was heading towards Metiaburuz.The accident occurred at around 8:15pm and the locals said that the bus was coming at a high speed. The driver suddenly lost control and the vehicle rammed into a road side tree. The bus overturned as locals rushed to rescue the passengers who were inside the bus. The passengers were all rescued.Locals came to the rescue of the injured passengers, including some children. Some of them were stated to be in serious condition.The bus driver was also injured, sources said.The cops will conduct a probe to know whether the driver was driving recklessly or there was a brake-fail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13716007", "title": "SIT formed to probe Brahmeshwar's killing", "text": "PATNA: The state government on Friday constituted a Special Investigation Team (SIT), headed by DSP Headquarters, Gaya, Sunil Kumar, to investigate the murder of Brahmeshwar Singh alias Mukhiyaji.ADG, law and order, S K Bhardwaj, said the SIT team would comprise two inspectors from Patna district, Sonelal Singh and Ajay Kumar, inspector Ajay Bahadur from Buxar and sub-inspector Saurabh Kumar from Bhojpur district. He said DGP Abhayanand was camping at Ara till late evening.Bhardwaj said a small revolver of foreign make was used for murder. He did not rule out old enmity being the reason behind the killing, and added that the police were yet to get any vital clue regarding the murder.Rohtas DIG Ajitabh Kumar will monitor the investigation. Six bullets were pumped in the chest and head of Mukhiyaji from point blank range, Bhardwaj said. He said there was no eyewitness of the incident.The local police station was informed about the murder by a lawyer. Bhardwaj said the police station was about half-a-km away from the place of occurrence while the residence of Bhojpur SP was one km from there. A Forensic Science Laboratory (FSL) team visited the spot and collected marks and materials from the place of occurrence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13713182", "title": "CBI files coalgate case, to report to CVC by August", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI on Friday registered a preliminary enquiry (PE) into alleged irregularities in the allocation of coal blocks to private players in 2006-09 even as the Opposition and civil society activists stepped up their attack on the UPA government, especially targeting the PM, who was in charge of coal portfolio during most of the period.The CBI will submit its preliminary findings by August to CVC, which will then decide, based on the evidence, if CBI should go ahead with a full-fledged investigation, or mere departmental action will be enough.Under the rules, CBI has 12 weeks from Friday to find evidence of criminal misconduct in the allocation of coal blocks and the subsequent sale of coal blocks by the allottees.But with the Opposition quickly seizing upon the development, the government, particularly the PM, may have a harrowing time while CBI examines the complaint. Although Team Anna has demanded an \"independent\" probe into the allocation of coal blocks and has dismissed the CBI inquiry as pretence, the PE has encouraged them to up their ante.The Comptroller and Auditor General has estimated that the allocation of coal blocks without holding auction resulted in windfall gains worth Rs 1.8 lakh crore to private firms.CBI DIG and officiating spokesperson Binita Thakur said the PE was registered on Friday. \"The preliminary enquiry may focus more on any misconduct in allocation of coal blocks and their misuse,\" CBI officials said, adding that policy decisions regarding allocation may not be taken up right now.A CVC source said the complaint was \"primarily\" against officials and private coal block owners, and was not against the PM. \"If it was against the prime minister, we would have referred it to the PMO, because CVC is not empowered to investigate the PM or cabinet ministers,\" he said.The distinction, however, may not buffer the PM from political attacks because he had held the coal ministry's charge. That he joined issue with activists has encouraged the latter to target him.Activists are enthused by CBI's PE because it comes after coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal's combative rejection of the demand for probe.The complaint by BJP MPs Hansraj Ahir and Prakash Javadekar - the basis for CVC's reference to CBI - alleges that many of the 156 private companies allotted coal blocks further sold them off in violation of rules. Among those mentioned in the complaint is a Maharashtra-based company that had put out a newspaper advertisement to sell the allocated block. The two MPs have alleged that the first-come-first-served policy adopted by the government was manipulated to help some private companiesCBI sources said they will collect all the documents related to cola block allocation from 2006 to 2009, CAG draft report and details of companies which were given these coal blocks. \"We will also begin questioning the people connected with the allocation and resale of coal blocks,\" said the officer.\"We are happy that CVC has taken cognizance of our complaint and of our struggle to get the issue probed. The CVC has written to us saying your complaints have been duly examined in the commission, having regard to the issues raised therein, and the same has been forwarded to the CBI for a preliminary inquiry,\" Javadekar, who was accompanied by Ahir, told reporters.CPM politburo member Sitaram Yechury said the truth will come out after proper investigation. An investigation was necessary to ensure that such \"massive loot\" in the future would not be repeated. While welcoming the CBI decision, CPI leader Gurudas Dasgupta said the government had not deliberately tabled the CAG report on \"coalgate\". \"The prime minister should take moral responsibility as he is head of the government and corruption is all pervasive,\" he said.The UPA government and Congress, however, refuted the insinuations and allegations. Coal minister Jaiswal said there was no scam in allocation of coal blocks and that his department was not aware of any CAG report on the issue. \"There is no CAG (Comptroller and Auditor General) report with me. There is no scam in allocation of coal blocks,\" Jaiswal said. The minister said the blocks were allocated to provide subsidized power to the people in the last 15 years.Congress spokesperson Renuka Chowdhury said there was no trouble on the coalgate issue after the PM had clarified. \"It is unfortunate that these people give half baked and out of reference stories. After the PM has said, there is very little for us to add on to it,\" he said.The Hazare camp on Friday alleged that the CBI probe was \"pretence\" and was meant to give the PM a \"clean chit\". Arvind Kejriwal, a key member of the Hazare group, said, \"The CBI is under the government. Here the prime minister is accused. How will the CBI investigate the prime minister? It is laughable, it is pretence. We know the outcome of this probe. It will say that the prime minister has not done anything wrong. It will give clean chit to Singh.\" He demanded that the probe be conducted by a panel of three retired judges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "13714078", "title": "Pinarayi Vijayan dubs jail posters works of art", "text": "KANNUR: CPM state secretary Pinarayi Vijayan has said the portraits and photographs pasted on the walls of the Kannur central jail are works of art by the prisoners. \"There are many works of art done by the prisoners on the walls of the jail, including that of gods and goddesses, apart from political leaders,\" he told the media after visiting the Kannur central jail along with CPM Kannur district secretary P Jayarajan, on Friday. \"Since home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan visited only a few blocks, during his visit on May 21, he did not see the portraits of other political party leaders, including some of the leaders of his own party,\" commented Pinarayi.During a recent visit to the jail, the home minister had expressed dissatisfaction over the freedom enjoyed by some inmates of the Kannur Central jail. He also said steps would be taken to remove the posters and photos of party leaders from the walls of the jail.Following this, the jail authorities took a count of the total portraits, posters and photos on the walls of the jail and found that nearly 350 works were there. However, the jail authorities are yet to remove it, as they are waiting for orders from the higher ups. Apart from the posters, some of the prisoners have also built a cement bench inside the jail compound, with the inscription, 'in memory of comrade V G Babu'. It has been built for prisoners to sit while they are outside the cells.When asked why the media was not permitted inside the jail, Pinarayi Vijayan said that as per the jail rule, media was not allowed inside the jail. He also said the entry of media people along with the home minister on May 21 was the first instance of media being permitted inside the jail along with a visitor. However, he said it was not right on the part of the officials who blocked the media at the main entrance of the prison during Friday's visit.He also said that he visited the jail to meet the adivasi kshema samithi (AKS) activists, who had been lodged in Kannur and Kozhikode jails after they were arrested for encroaching forest lands in Wayanad. \"There are 232 tribal people lodged in the jails, of which 153 prisoners, including women are in Kannur. The government should release them immediately,\" he said after the visit.He added that a team led by P Jayarajan had visited the jail earlier and provided buckets and mugs to the tribal people, following which the jail officials assured that they would provide necessary amenities to these prisoners. The jail visit of P Jayarajan on Tuesday and Wednesday had kick-started a controversy, as it was alleged that the visit had some other intentions other than meeting the AKS activists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13714137", "title": "Safety first: Motor vehicles department gears up for reopening of schools", "text": "KOZHIKODE: With the schools in the city set to reopen after the summer break, the motor vehicles department (MVD) is gearing up to implement an array of precautionary measures to ensure the safety of children being transported by various vehicles.The officials of the MVD are planning to deploy speed radar units to monitor over-speeding of vehicles, especially school vehicles and private vehicles carrying schoolchildren, to prevent mishaps during the rainy season.The officials will also inspect the school vehicles to ensure fitness, presence of speed governors and check the condition of the body, seats, tyres and engine. The permit of vehicles that do not make the grade will be cancelled, said the officials.The MVD has already completed awareness classes and training programmes for drivers of school vehicles. The drivers were trained in how to handle children, the requirements of school vehicles and dos and don'ts to be followed. The department had earlier issued directions to the schools to appoint drivers with more than 10 years of experience and not to select any person with any case registered for rash driving or for causing accident.\"We will monitor the background of drivers during the school students' safety drive,\" said Vadakara regional transport officer Rajeev Puthalath. The radar units, received recently by the regional transport office, will engage in surveillance activities during peak hours, he added.The officials would ensure that vehicles have emergency exits, doors and first-aid boxes. Action will be taken against private vehicles with extra seats fixed to accommodate more children and with school bags hanging outside the vehicle. These measures are being implemented by the department despite a severe staff shortage, they said.Following the direction of the transport commissioner to strictly enforce Rule 221 of the Kerala Motor Vehicle Rules, the department will introduce a special fortnightly drive to prevent overcrowding in school vehicles.As part of the drive, motor vehicle officials will also be positioned near the entrance of the schools between 7am and 9.30am to ensure compliance of rules.We have also distributed three CDs each to all schools in the district to make students and teachers aware of the traffic rules and measures to be followed to prevent accidents, said the officials. Implementation of global positioning system in select school vehicles is also expected to help make the safety drive effective, said officials of the regional transport office, Kozhikode.Measures In PlaceSpeed radar units to monitor over-speedingInspection to ensure fitness of vehiclesAwareness classes and training for driversSurveillance during peak hoursStrict enforcement of Rule 221 of the Kerala Motor Vehicle RulesDistribution of CDs to schools to create traffic awareness among students and teachersImplementation of global positioning system in select school vehiclesThe Motor Vehicle Department officials in the district are all set to welcome the new academic year with a bunch of precautionary measures to ensure safe transport of school children. Equipping the department with speed radar units to monitor over speeding of vehicles, especially school vehicles and private vehicles carrying school children to and from schools, the officials of the MVD are expecting to put an end to the mishaps caused during the rainy season.The officials of MVD have decided to start inspection of school vehicles to check its fitness, presence of speed governors and condition of body, seats, tyres and engine. The permit of the vehicles those are worn and torn owing to poor maintenance will be cancelled by the officials after inspection, said the officials.To ensure the quality of drivers appointed in school vehicles, the officials of motor vehicle department has already completed the conduct of awareness classes and training programmes for drivers. Training on how to handle children, the requirements of school vehicles and dos and don'ts are discussed at the training sessions.The motor vehicle department had earlier issued directions to schools to appoint drivers with more than 10 years of experience as drivers of school vehicles. It was also directed that no driver, punished for rash driving and for causing accident, should be appointed as the driver of school bus.\"We will also monitor the background of the school vehicle drivers during our school students' safety drive,\" said Rajeev Puthalath, regional transport officer Vadakara. The radar units, received recently by the Regional Transport office will also engage in the surveillance activities during peak hours, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13713810", "title": "Medical practical exams go off smoothly, but only for a day", "text": "NAGPUR: Medical students of the city heaved a sigh of relief on Friday when the first of their practical examinations went off smoothly. The teachers, however, said the circumstances had forced them to suspend their strike and conduct the exams, but only for that day.Later on Friday, teachers from seven major departments of Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) conveyed their decision to boycott all exam duties, including practical exams, to the Maharashtra University of Health Sciences (MUHS). They also assured, though, that all this would not lead to students losing out on a precious academic year.\"Several of the examiners had to come from other cities and had been called in advance in the wake of the Bharat bandh. As holidays are on, the message that we are continuing with the boycott could not reach them in time. It would have been unfair for students as well as the external examiners to continue the boycott, so we let the exams take place,\" said Dr Samir Golawar, vice president of central MSMTA and secretary of MSMTA at GMCH.MSMTA has declared boycott of all exam duties over their long-pending demands, including payment of non-practicing allowance (NPA) as per the recommendations of the sixth pay commission.\"The examinations began on schedule in colleges across the state after Maharashtra Association of Resident Doctors (MARD) requested teachers to reconsider their decision. Our only fear is that students who wish to opt for super specialty courses may be disqualified if the results are not declared by June 30,\" said Dr Ganesh Sanap, general secretary of MARD from GMCH.Dr Golawar said the future of students would not be compromised for anything. \"Teachers of some institutes like JJ Hospital have declared a complete boycott of the exams. The government will have to consider the situation if the results of all students across the state have not been declared. If not, it would be the government's responsibility,\" he said.Meanwhile, officials of MUHS say they have some alternative arrangements in place so that the exams are conducted as per the schedule.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13736441", "title": "Commonly used anti-diabetic drug can cause bladder cancer", "text": "CHENNAI: Doctors in India are seeking restraint in the use of commonly used drug pioglitazone, better known by brand name Glizone and Pioz, after the studies found that the drug increases the risk of developing bladder cancer. Diabetologists in India say they are already beginning to see bladder cancers even among Indians who have been on lower dosages of the drug for two years or more.Piolglitazone is a prescription drug of the class of thiazolidinedione that brings down sugar levels in diabetics. Another medication in the same class called rosiglitazone, was withdrawn from the market in 2010 following risks of cardiovascular diseases. Now, a study published in the British Medical Journal found exposure to the pioglitazone for two years may more than double the risk of developing bladder cancer. Patients who had taken pioglitazone were at an 83% increased risk of bladder cancer compared with the rest of the population, the researchers said.Of 115,727 patients in the UK, who had been treated with diabetes medication between 1988 and 2009, 470 of them had bladder cancer. This would mean that everyone in 250 patient taking the drug for more than two years were at increased risk for getting bladder cancer. Some diabetologists argue that the risks outweigh benefits and the drug has not been shown as the cause of bladder cancer, as the researchers themselves say that the risk applies to people who have been taking maximum dosage of the drug - 45 mg for two years. Some Indian doctors say it should be continued as no risk has been proved for those on 15 mg and 30 mg every day. It is one of the most effective drugs to bring sugar levels under control. Without this drug, the only option for the patient is insulin. But many others say they either brief the patient or withdraw the drug.There has been no detailed study of the effectiveness of the drug in India, but some doctors say that they are beginning to see new bladder cancer cases in people who have been taking lower doses (15mg) of the drug for two years. As a part of an on-going study, Madras Diabetes Research Foundation has collected medical details for eight patients, who developed bladder cancer after being prescribed pioglitazone. The patients were from Mumbai, Hyderabad, Chennai, Belgaum and Salem. \"None of them had bladder cancer before they were prescribed the drug. It is possible that even lower dosages increases risk in Indian,\" said foundation director Dr V Mohan.The US Food and Drug Administration warned in June 2011 that taking pioglitazone for at least a year increased the risk of bladder cancer by at least 40%, and ordered the drug's manufacturer to note the risk on the drug's label. The drug is banned in some places like France and Germany. Dr Mohan insists that the drug should be banned for new patients and patients who are taking them should be warned about the risks. Another diabetologist Dr A Ramachandran said he has already trying withdraw old patients from the drug. \"I tell them that its better to take the pricks instead of risking cancer,\" he said.Delhi-based diabetologist Dr Anoop Misra says that with many safe and effective drugs for diabetes, pioglitazone should be relegated to last option in drug treatment. \"But to ban the drug, more data, in varied ethnic groups, including Indians, are required,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13713341", "title": "Wife arrested for trader's murder", "text": "KOLKATA: A week after 44-year-old businessman Indranath Das was shot dead by some unknown miscreants in Sodepur, North 24-Parganas, the police on Friday arrested Das's wife Rupali and her fellow suspect Subhas Das, the woman's alleged paramour.On getting the news of Subhas and Rupali's arrest, locals vented their ire on the couple by ransacking a studio that Subhas ran. They also went to Subhas's house in Natagarh Ramkrisnapalli area and damaged property there. Later, police reached the spot to control the mob.After Subhas and the Rupali were arrested, local residents vent their ire on the couple by ransacking a studio that Subhas ran. They damaged the property and also went to Subhas's house at Natagarh Ramkrisnapalli area and started rampaging it. Later, police reached the spot and managed to control the mob.Friday's arrests came after a week-long probe and interrogation by police.Indranath Das, who ran an advertising agency, was killed last week after he was called out by some miscreants from his house. His body was found lying in a pool of blood at a nearby field. Police suspect Das may have been killed by a contract killer since he was shot at. Police will further interrogate both the accused woman and Subhas to know more about the crime and trace the criminal who actually shot and killed Das.Friday's arrests came after a week-long probe by police.After questioning Rupali, police found some inconsistencies in her statement. Police noticed that she was hardly moved by her husband's death. Locals had also told police that there were occasional quarrels between Indranath and Rupali.After initiating a probe, police found inconsistencies in Rupali's statements. Locals had been suspecting some rift in the family itself, telling police that there used to be occasional quarrels between husband and wife.On the day Das was killed, the police found some inconsistencies in his wife's statements. Das was reportedly called out by some miscreants as he did not return home till late at night. But police found Rupali was hardly moved over her husband's death.While carrying out the probe, the motive behind the murder became clear to police. They learnt that Rupali was having an affair with Subhas because of which there were problems between her and the victim. Police suspect the duo Rupali and Subhas who had planned to kill Das.While probing the case, the motive behind the murder became clear to police. Police learnt that the woman was having an affair with Subhas. A rift occurred between husband and wife over Rupali's affair. Rupali and Subhas then planned to kill Das.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13717974", "title": "Students flock to Bachelor of mass media, Bachelor of management studies", "text": "Admissions to degree college courses have begun and students are busy making choices. Once again , the pure science and commerce streams have taken a back seat. Instead , off-beat courses like bachelor of mass media (BMM) and bachelor of management studies (BMS ) have attracted most students .\"Nobody wants to pursue a degree in commerce unless they have an added feature like BCom with accounting &amp; finance or banking &amp; insurance . BMM and BMS will always be the top favourites for students ,\" said Marie Fernandes , principal , St Andrew's College , Bandra (W). \"Courses in hospitality , too, are gaining a lot of popularity among students .\"The pure and natural science streams are losing their charm with every passing year . \"It's all about engineering and medicine now ; nobody is interested in pure science . If at all they get stuck with a BS c due to low marks , they choose either computer science or IT to go along with their degree ,\" said a principal of a suburban college . Last year , the Union department of science initiated a scheme where scholarships were offered to students interested in pursuing a degree in pure /natural science ; each student who scored above 80 % was entitled to a scholarship of Rs 80 ,000 annually for a period of five years . But there were few takers . Principals are hoping that this year more students will go for the opportunity .If that is not all , colleges are worried about lastminute changes in admissions . \"Even though students are seeking admissions right now , most of them are anxiously awaiting the CET results , after which they will cancel their admission with us and go for seats in engineering colle ges . Even though we have started the admission process early this time , colleges will end up giving admissions till July ,\" said Tushar Desai, principal, D G Ruparel College, Matunga .Authorities are worried that more seats are going vacant in the science and arts stream every year . \"We've also heard that departments are shutting down and colleges are reducing their divisions . Instead , they are seeking permission to start unaided courses to attract more students ,\" said the vice-principal of a commerce college . Most principals said they were hopeful of a change in the trend to bring the charm back to pure science and commerce courses .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13713698", "title": "For Spanco, a year has 372 and not 365 days!", "text": "NAGPUR: Spanco, which has been in the eye of the storm for various reasons, has got entangled in another controversy. It has assessed the bill of a consumer who was getting average bills for ten months considering each month to have 31 days! Thus the consumer was provided a bill for 310 days. If Spanco's formula is applied then a year will have 372 days instead of 365.When the affected consumer lodged a complaint with Spanco's internal grievance redressal cell (IGRC), his plea was turned down. Now the consumer is thinking of moving the MSEDCL consumer forum. When contacted a Spanco official said that calculating bill of ten months considering every month to have 31 days was a clerical error. However, he could not explain that why the company's IGRC justified this error. \"If the consumer comes to us we will reduce five days' consumption from assessment,\" he assured.MSEDCL had replaced Geetashri Agro Industries' meter in March 2011. However, the meter was surprisingly not included in the revenue system. As a result the consumer got zero consumption bills till Spanco found this out on January 17, 2012. At that time, the meter was not showing any reading. While the consumer is protesting against over-assessment now he did not inform Spanco about the free power supply then.Spanco assessed the consumer's consumption between March 2011 and January 2012 on the basis of average daily consumption between January 17 and February 5.Spanco's internal communication shows it could not find out the date of installation of meter in March 2011 from MSEDCL's records. It therefore decided to consider a round figure of ten months. However, the commercial wing deemed each month to have 31 days and therefore consumption of 310 days was assessed.The consumer lodged a complaint with IGRC on April 21 claiming that the assessment was on the higher side. On April 28, Spanco official Vinod Katole sent a report to IGRC head S D Jahagirdar stating that assessment was right. In this communication, Katole had clearly mentioned the calculations. However, the calculations were ignored by the IGRC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "13713249", "title": "Star student faces uncertain future", "text": "MALDA: When Madhyamik results were announced on Tuesday, villagers of Lalapur and teachers of Naghria High School erupted in joy as their very own Raju scored an impressive 92% to rank fourth from the district. But the boy who made the celebrations possible appeared detached from the madness around him, because deep inside he knew his achievement would mean nothing if he can't continue studying.With Raju's mother having no clue how she'll arrange for the next meal for her family, pursuing higher studies seems a distant possibility at present for the boy who has always topped his class.Youngest of the three children of home guard Bhabesh Mandal, struggle was a constant companion of Raju since his childhood. With his father's meager income hardly meeting the ends and his elder brother Biswajit studying in college, Raju's education was never in the scheme of things for the family. But his sheer brilliance and interest in books won over the teachers of his school, who went on to help Raju with all possible means.As luck would have it, Raju's father Bhabesh died just before his Madhyamik examination, making it extremely difficult for the boy emotionally to prepare for the exam. \"It was a bolt from the blue. I could not think of anything. I don't know how I took the examination afterwards\", he said. He came out with flying colours whatsoever, scoring 90 in Bengali, 90 in English, 98 in mathematics, 99 in physical science, 97 in life science, 93 in geography and 80 in history.As a student of Naghria High School, Raju never faced any difficulty. But with his stint at the school over, he is now waiting for the divine intervention in his life that would help him tide over the financial crisis and pursue higher studies.It's not that Raju keeps himself engaged only with his books. He has an immense interest in quizzing and general knowledge. \"It was a dream come true when last year we won the second prize in a state-level quiz competition organized by a television channel,\" said an elated Raju, before collapsing into a state of despair.His teacher Bimal Pramanik voiced his fear, \"How could he continue his study with no income of the family?\" Raju's dream of being a scientist seems to be fading as mother Rekha Devi conceded that whatever Raju's father had saved was spent in marrying off her daughter and making the little hut.Malda: When the Chief Minister announced that no student had to leave study for the lack of money, it seemed to be a bitter irony for Raju Mandal of village Lalapur under English Bazaar Police Station. In fact the congratulations pouring into his hut after the result of Madhyamik, could not bring Raju's smile as the uncertainty looms large before him. With no source of income it is difficult to sustain, leave alone the luxury of study. Thus even 92% in Madhyamik and fourth position in the district could not usher hope for this boy from remote area.Youngest of three children of Home Guard Bhabesh Mandal, Raju knew the struggle since his childhood. Father's meager income could hardly meet the two ends. With elder brother Biswajit studying in college Raju could not expect any help from his house for his study. Instead his brilliance since childhood and interest in different topics attracted the teachers of Naghria High School.The first position from Class V was secured for him owing to the diligence. Avid reader Raju was however, never a bookworm. Instead interest in quizzing and general knowledge had brought laurels to him. \"It was dream come true when last year we won the second prize in state level quiz competition organized by a television channel\", said Raju.First in test examination as usual with a record marks in school Raju naturally raised hope for the teachers and neighbours for Madhyamik. But the just prior to the Madhyamik, Bhabesh suddenly succumbed to his ailment. \"It was a bolt from the blue. I could not think of anything. I don't know how I took the examination afterwards\", said Raju.But the encouragement and help from the teachers and his own determination brought out the brilliant marks. He got 90 in Bengali, 90 in English, 98 in Mathematics, 99 in Physical Science, 97 in Life Science, 93 in Geography and 80 in History. But amid the jubilation of the school teachers and villagers with this brilliant result, Raju could not join the celebration. His teacher Bimal Pramanik voiced his fear, \"How could he continue his study in future with no income of family?\" Raju's dream of being a scientist seemed to be distant as mother Rekha Devi conceded that whatever money his father had was spent in marrying off the daughter and making the little hut.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13712389", "title": "Joyrides become painful for mare on Versova beach", "text": "MUMBAI: A mare with brown patches on Versova beach may be giving joyrides to beachgoers, but the task has taken its toll on her health. Patches, as she is nicknamed by activists, suffers from an acutely painful condition of Laminitis. Efforts to treat her medically are being made.\"Since the last few days, I noticed that Patches was limping and was very uneasy. Yet, she was being used for rides for kids and adults,\" said Himani Shetty, a resident of Versova.Shetty then contacted equine specialist Dr Manilal Valliyate and activist Ambika Hiranandani to check on the mare.The minute Dr Valliyate touched Patches's hoof, she reared in fright. He diagnosed a severe case of Laminitis.Laminitis causes the attachment between the coffin bone and the hoof to break down, damaging arteries and veins and crushing the living tissues around the bone. In extreme cases, the coffin bone rotates downwards towards the ground, and as the horse puts its whole weight on the bone, it makes every step extremely painful.\"I have noticed that nearly 60% of the horses and ponies in Mumbai suffer from Laminitis in varying degrees. It is a debilitating condition causing shooting pains. Patches must be rescued in a day or two, even if her handlers don't want to give her up,\" said Hiranandani.The horse handlers have informed Bombay Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (BSPCA) about Patches' condition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13726513", "title": "Making a mark", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Indian School of Business (ISB) announced its placement results for the PGP Class of 2012 on May 11. The placement season of its eleventh graduating class witnessed participation from leading domestic and international companies, offering roles across varied functions and geographies.Making the announcement Deepak Chandra, deputy dean, ISB said, \"It is heartening to witness the diversity of companies participating in the process that demonstrates their confidence in ISB and its students. This is also a testimony to the success of our alumni and their acceptance in the corporate world. We believe that the Class of 2012 will take the ISB legacy forward leaving their mark in their chosen fields.\"The placement season yielded a total of 631 offers for the 528 participating students, from 348 companies, which included several first time recruiters. Around 46 students opted out of the placement process to join their previous employers, return to their family businesses, start their own ventures, etc. About 5 per cent of the class is in various stages of the rolling placements process.A total of 87 offers were made for global leadership programmes by 27 companies - a significant rise from 28 such offers by 19 companies last year. Participating companies included Abbott, Aditya Birla Group, Bharti Airtel, Citibank, DuPont, GE, HCL Technologies , Ingersoll-Rand, Philips, Pfizer, Siemens AG, Luxottica Group, YES Bank, among others.The consulting sector continued to be in demand with it constituting over 30 per cent of offers from companies such as AT Kearney, Accenture, Booz &amp; Co, Deloitte, Diamond Consulting, Gallup Pte Ltd, KPMG , McKinsey &amp; Co, Parthenon Group, PRTM, PwC, The Boston Consulting Group, and Valcon Management Consultants.The technology sector was the second leading sector that yielded about 28 per cent of the offers through a broad spectrum of roles in technology consulting, sales, product management and project management. The companies in this sector include Apple, Cognizant, Facebook, Google, IBM India, Infosys, Microsoft, and Siemens AG, among others.While companies from e-commerce made their presence felt and recruitments were on the rise, pharma and biotech sector continued to be in demand. Despite the current global economy, international companies too continued to increase their participation in the placements at ISB.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "13714587", "title": "Central Bank brightens life of Chethar villagers", "text": "AMRAVATI: Electricity was a distant dream for the residents of Chethar village in Melghat who have spend all their evenings in darkness. But the picture has changed now, thanks to Central Bank of India which has brought a ray of hope by providing domestic solar light units.Chethar village is located in Dharni block of Melghat. The bank has financed 95 domestic solar units and has literally brightened their lives by not just distributing the solar lamps but also providing means of livelihood to the villagers. The bank has distributed 77 incense sticks manufacturing units in the village. Earlier, villagers used to cobble up around Rs50 per day by collecting some forest stuffs but now they can earn Rs150 per day through Incense stick manufacturing unit.Talking to TOI SG Deoras, assistant general manager of Amravati said that the condition of Chethar village was pathetic sans electricity but now villagers can enjoy the bright evening. Most of the deaths were reported in region due to snake bite, reason being lack of electricity. We have also provided them incense stick manufacturing unit with which they can manage to earn around Rs150 per day. As part of CSR activity the bank financed 95 domestic solar light units. Villagers would not need to shell out a single penny for solar lamps, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13713514", "title": "Delhi HC denies CVC probe into Air India's fleet expansion", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi High Court on Friday refused to pass any order on a plea for a CVC probe into Air India's fleet expansion programme and its order to purchase 111 aircraft at Rs 67,000 crore, saying that the Public Accounts Committee (PAC) of Parliament is already looking into it.It, however, flagged certain areas that the PAC can examine during its probe, while rejecting the plea for a CVC investigation.\"A responsible committee like PAC is looking into the matter and we are not giving any direction at this stage but expect the PAC to look into the matter from all angles...,\" said the bench of Acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw. The bench gave its order, accepting the Centre's argument that PAC would submit a report soon after examining the matter on the plea, filed in 2010 for probe into the purchase deal.\"We hope and expect that having regard to the importance and sensitivity of the matter, the PAC shall try to complete its task with alacrity and should submit its report at the earliest,\" the bench said.The bench asked PAC to look into the aspects as to whether it was a commercially viable decision to order purchase of so many aircraft and then lease a large number of them. And, also if a probe by Special Investigation Team (SIT) or CBI can be initiated if any case of \"imprudence or gross negligence\" is made out. It asked PAC to examine if the loss of Air India's market share due to its decision to give up its profit-making routes to private airlines was deliberate and if the senior officers of civil aviation ministry and the management of National Aviation Company of India Ltd (NACIL) had any role in it.The HC bench also asked PAC to examine if it would be feasible for the government and NACIL to cancel the purchase order for which payments have not yet been made and the aircrafts have not yet been delivered.The government was directed to decide within six months on the feasibility of cancelling the routes by lateral lease agreements as per the recommendation of PAC. The HC also asked it to decide on the feasibility of setting up a regulator for civil aviation sector as recommended by the parliamentary committee and also on the feasibility of appointment of only professionals and experts as chief managing director and directors on the boards of NACIL as recommended by the PAC.\"The court was hearing the PIL filed by civil society Centre for Public Interest Litigation (CPIL), through advocate Prashant Bhushan. Referring to the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) report on the issue, he had said the deal was a \"recipe for disaster\" as on one hand the aircraft were sought to be purchased and simultaneously, the national carrier proposes to get aircraft on lease basis.This became \"more glaring\" in the backdrop that the most of the profit-making routes were given to private companies without getting anything in return, he had said.Bhushan also referred to a report of parliamentary panel, saying it had raised concerns on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "13711303", "title": "Illegal arms factory busted in Greater Noida", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Police have recovered 17 country-made pistols, five live cartridges, 14 cartridges shell, 30 LPG cylinders and some equipment used in manufacturing arms. The pistols were priced between Rs 1,500 and Rs 4,000.SSP Praveen Kumar said that the accused has been identified as Vishumber, a native of Maicha village in Dadri. Police got tip-off about the illegal arms factory running in the village and raided the place. \"We managed to arrest only one person while other gang members are absconding. We will soon catch them,\" Kumar said.The kingpin of the gang is Sardar Om Singh, a native of Lalpur village in Meerut. \"Vishamber has committed two murders and he met Sardar in jail. They made a plan to start an arms factory to supply it to criminals in Delhi-NCR and other parts of western UP,\" the SSP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13715469", "title": "Techie gets 10 yrs\u2019 RI for abetting wife\u2019s suicide", "text": "CHENNAI: A 35-year-old software engineer, hailing from Andhra Pradesh, was sentenced to 10 years' rigorous imprisonment and slapped with a fine of Rs 25,000 by a city court for abetting his wife's suicide just five months after the marriage. He was also sentenced to three years in jail for causing mental cruelty but the punishments would run concurrently.According to the chargesheet, Veera Raju alias Savakula Veera Raju had an affair with another woman before his marriage to Durgambika on June 15, 2006. He did not want have conjugal relationship with Durgambika and caused her mental agony which drove her to commit suicide, it said.After the wedding, Raju stayed with Durgambika for three days and returned to his job in Bangalore. Durgambika informed her family that Raju had told her that he was having an affair and he had married her only due to pressure from his family. The elders from both families visited Raju in Bangalore and convinced him to make the marriage work. Though he relented, the couple began living together about five months later when Raju got a transfer to Chennai in October. He would speak to Durgambika's father Krishna Rao in the intervening period but would abuse her when she tried to speak to him on the phone.Rao took Durgambika to Chennai on October 26 to live with her husband. On November 2, she told him that Raju said he would be happy only if she died. The next day, the Rao received word that his daughter had consumed a pesticide and her condition was serious. She died before he reached the hospital.Passing orders, women's court judge Meena Satheesh observed that the documentary evidence produced by the prosecution, which included letters written by Durgambika, proved that she was mentally harassed. \"Since the accused has abetted the suicide of his wife, who loved him very much, within five months of the marriage, no leniency should be shown to him,\" the order said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13719846", "title": "Mysore's first-ever Mango Mela is a crowd-puller", "text": "MYSORE: Dubai-based Mark Rego was all smiles as he walked out of Curzon Park here on Friday. A native of Moodbidri in Dakshina Kannada district, Rego was at the Mango Mela scouting for some of the best varieties there. Much to his surprise, he found them there, and decided to take them to Dubai so he can share the pulpy fruit with his friends.Thanks to the Mela being hosted by the horticulture department, mango lovers like Rego are happy that they are getting naturally ripened mangoes that are grown in eco-friendly ways. \"I hada bitter experience when I brought mangoes from the market. They were not of good quality, maybe because they were not naturally ripened. Here I got what I was searching for. I'm taking some of them to Dubai,\" Rego told TOI.The first-ever Mela hosted by the department at the historical Curzon Park abutting the Mysore Palace is a big draw among mango lovers -- both young and old. The three-day Mela, which started on Friday, is offering 13 varieties of mangoes grown in Mysore district. They are being sold at Hopcoms rate - depending upon the variety, they are sold anywhere between Rs 20 and Rs 65 per kg.H M Nagaraj, deputy director of horticulture, said: \"It is a small experiment to provide Mysoreans mangoes that are free from chemicals.\" Depending on the response, the authorities are planning to hold the Mela on a large scale. \"There is positive response to Mela, and the turnout would be more in the next two days, that is a weekend,\" he added.Part of the reason for the initiative is to help buyers get organic produce directly. This will also benefit the farmers, who will sell their produce to the customers sans mediators.\"It is sad that farmers get meagre amount, while the middlemen pocket a good margin,\" the office said, adding: \"Farmers never betray customers by using chemicals to ripen the fruit. Usually, it takes a week for natural ripening of mangoes once they are plucked. But mediators use chemicals to hasten the process so as to ripen them in three days.\" The horticulture department had trained mango growers in ripening process ahead of the Mela.\"I have brought one tonne of organically grown mango of Alphonso variety. We've used only cow dung and black cotton soil to grow them,\" said Shrinidhi, a farmer from Kempapura in Chamarajanagar district. He has cultivated mangoes on eight acres. Nagaraj from Hunsur added: \"We have been growing mangoes for 80 years, and have never used pesticide.\" Of the 600 kg fruits that he had brought for the Mela, 150 kg were sold within a couple of hours after the Mela started.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13735532", "title": "60% companies may monitor their employees Facebook pages by 2015", "text": "LONDON: Many employers already monitor their workers' Facebook, Twitter and other social media pages - but the practice is set to increase, a new report has revealed.A new report by data analysts Gartner has claimed that by the year 2015, 60 per cent of employers will monitor social media pages of their employees.The 'Big Brother' monitoring will be driven by security worries about employees leaking information or talking negatively about their workplace.\"The growth in monitoring employee behavior in digital environments is increasingly enabled by new technology and services,\" the Daily Mail quoted Andrew Walls, research vice president of Gartner, as saying.\"Surveillance of individuals, however, can both mitigate and create risk, which must be managed carefully to comply with ethical and legal standards,\" Walls said,Most employers will use their monitoring to prevent security breaches - but simply having the technology at their disposal will be a huge temptation to managers who want to know more about their staff.\"The development of effective security intelligence and control depends on the ability to capture and analyse user actions that take place inside and outside the enterprise IT environment,\" he said.Walls predicts that the practice, which is increasingly common in America, of asking for Facebook passwords as part of job interviews, will fade out of fashion.Earlier this year, Facebook said it has \"seen a distressing increase in reports of employers or others seeking to gain inappropriate access to people's Facebook profiles or private information.\"Debate over the legality of employers forcing job applicants to hand over their passwords has raged on since the rise of social networking.It has become common for managers to review publicly available Facebook profiles, Twitter accounts and other sites to learn more about job candidates.But many users, especially on Facebook, have their profiles set to private, making them available only to selected people or certain networks.Companies that don't ask for passwords have taken other steps -- such as asking applicants to friend human resource managers or to log in to a company computer during an interview.Once employed, some workers have been required to sign non-disparagement agreements that ban them from talking negatively about an employer on social media.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "13717425", "title": "Kohima hosts Indian Roads Congress' 197th council meet", "text": "KOHIMA: Nagaland chief minister Neiphiu Rio has said 'road' reflects the level of development of a state or for that matter the entire nation. Addressing the inaugural session of Indian Roads Congress' 197th Mid-Term Council Meeting at Kohima on Thursday, Rio observed that road gives the first impression about the governance and thereby upholds the image of the government and its people.Pointing out that the Northeast region has still a long way to go, Rio said several shortcomings still exist in the infrastructure of hospitals, hotels. Highlighting some of the problems, Rio said infrastructure deficit has been a continued concern creating hindrances in the path of faster growth in the northeast.The CM stated that road sector had received special attention through various policy initiatives of the Centre such as National Highway Development Projects, the Special Accelerated Roads Development Project in the Northeast and the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana (PMGSY) and admitted that the quality of the road network has improved in the recent years. Even the connectivity was much better than before linking the far off corners with the main land, said the CM.Rio however observed that there are still big regional variations in road infrastructure and regretted that higher priorities were given to more commercially viable projects while equally important requirements of small states like Nagaland often got ignored.Describing Nagaland as a hilly and land-locked state, Rio pointed out that the states do not have many options in the connectivity sector and said that road was the sole mode of linking the various corners. He said the state has a total length of more than 11,000 km of roads today. Rio however said the percentage of roads is still the lowest amongst the other Northeastern States.Rio discussed at length about the need to find out technical solutions to deal with heavy rainfall during the monsoon season and the typical alluvial soil structure of the Naga Hills which he said makes it very vulnerable to landslides and subsidence. He also impressed upon the gathering about the need to address the emerging challenges of designing and building roads with smaller carbon footprint and also reminded that Northeast is located in Himalayan Seismic Zone 5.Referring to the Centre's Look East policy, Rio said Nagaland has also taken up projects that will facilitate the opening of trade centers at Longwa, Pangsha and Avangkhu along the Myanmar border. He said construction of major roads, including the Stilwell Road, would be a challenge for the Indian Road Congress to address during the meet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13737115", "title": "Marriage plans are definitely not in the works: Caroline Wozniacki", "text": "In an exclusive interview with TOI, former world no. 1 Caroline Wozniacki talks about her game, her love life and how she plans to focus on her career.Much has been made of the fact that you were ranked World No. 1 without winning a Grand Slam. Did all these reports affect your game, especially when you were playing Grand Slams?I don't let the reports get to me. I go into the court for every tournament with the same thought of playing to the best of my ability. Of course, I would love to win a Grand Slam someday and that too soon, but for now I am just trying to improve my game every day.We know that your boyfriend and golfer Rory McIlroy has played tennis, the most recently reported being a match at Madison Square Garden that included you and Maria Sharapova . Do you ever play golf with him?I attempt to play golf with him? (Laughs). I'm not going to lie, my golf skills need a little work. Good thing I happen to know someone that is not too bad at golf though, right?You said in an interview last year that you would make marriage plans after you found a guy. Now that you're in a relationship, have you made any plans on that front?Marriage plans are definitely not in the works. We are both in the prime of our careers and plan to focus on it for a few more years.What do you like to do during your time off from tennis?I like to go to the movies and concerts, spend time at the beach, and shop, of course!What message do you have for your fans in India?I just want to thank them for all their support. My fans mean so much to me and I really hope someday I can play in front of my Indian fans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13712413", "title": "KEM Hospital celebrates Aruna Shanbaug's 64th birthday", "text": "MUMBAI: Around 8.30am on Friday, nurses at Parel's KEM Hospital rang in Aruna Shanbaug's 64th birthday, in style. The room, outside ward 4 of the hospital, which has been home to the nurse for over 38 years, was decorated with flowers. New curtains and bed sheets added to the ambience as student nurses cut the cake on Aruna's behalf.Aruna has been lying in a vegetative state since she suffered a brutal sexual assault at the hands of a hospital staffer in 1973. Nurses, who are her caregivers, say her condition has not improved, though neither has it deteriorated in all these years. Her eating habits have changed quite a bit since the last year. She would relish fish curry and rice. \"She can't swallow %food anymore. So, we have to give her food and water intravenously,\" said matron Swati Bhide.Nurses from the hospital also gifted Aruna a handmade card, . \"It does not matter if her family does not stand by her We are her family now and we %will celebrate her birthday every year in the same %manner,\" she said.Aruna's elder sister, Shanta Nayak, lives in a chawl in Lower Parel %and has not been in touch with her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13713245", "title": "Cultivate culture of giving, says Bill Gates", "text": "BANGALORE: Forty-five of India's richest were engaged for four hours in an intense discussion with Bill Gates , Azim Premji and Ratan Tata not only on philanthropy but also on a critical question: \"How do you figure how much you and the next generation need before deciding to give away your wealth to charitable causes\". The refrain was: cultivate a culture of giving.Gates, who has pledged $26 billion to the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, told the audience to \"keep it for the need\", and give the rest away.\"You should not leave behind for your next generation more than what they require. Historically, such a thing has proven to be not good and, therefore, it is important to give things for charity.\" He also said it is \"important for all those who have succeeded in life to do philanthropy\".The co-hosts of the event emphasized the need for partnering, and teaming up to help improve the quality of education, water, healthcare and sanitation.The Bangalore billionaire contingent was in full attendance led by the Infosys brigade in Kris Gopalakrishnan and his wife Sudha, Infosys co-founder and chairman of Unique Identification Authority Nandan Nilekani and his wife Rohini, Biocon head Kiran Mazumdar Shaw and her husband John Shaw, Dr Devi Shetty of Narayana Hrudayalaya, V G Siddharth of the Cafe Coffee Day chain, and G Mallikarjun Rao, chairman of the GMR Group. Premji's sons, Rishad and Tariq, were also present.Mobile czar Sunil Mittal, industrialist and MP Navin Jindal, Hyderabad-based billionaire GVK Reddy, Ajay Pirmal, chairman, Piramal Group and Thermax director, Anu Aga, Rajashree Birla (mother of Aditya Birla group chairman Kumar Mangalam Birla), prominent investor Rakesh Jhunjunwala, Cyrus Poonawalla and his wife, flew down to Bangalore for the occasion.The co-hosts, who spoke first, were peppered with questions. Later, the discussion was mainly on what can be done in healthcare, public sanitation, primary education and agriculture in India. Many spoke of their personal experiences in philanthropy. Rohini Nilekani spoke on agriculture, water management and sanitation. Ajay Piramal talked of how out of every 14 women in the 25-32 age group who walk into a Delhi hospital, one has cancer. Sunil Mittal said the schools started by the Bharti Foundation, now concentrated in the north, plans to go national. The event ended at 7.30pm and was followed by dinner.The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation put out a statement saying: \"This is a private discussion of philanthropy and social service in India. It is an opportunity for a great group of philanthropists to share ideas and experiences about giving with each other. Out of respect for their privacy, we will not be sharing the names of attendees.\"Azim Premji Foundation said the group noted \"that India has its own significant tradition of philanthropy and social service; the group reaffirmed the view that there is vibrant thinking and action on philanthropy in India.\" And that \"the group expressed belief that philanthropy and social service are integral to the development of any society.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13719789", "title": "Parking facility a big letdown at Bhopal airport", "text": "BHOPAL: Poor parking facility at the newly-built Raja Bhoj (international) airport is proving the biggest problem for the frequent flyers from Bhopal.In a reality check about facilities at the airport, parking problem seems to be a major irritant.Some frequent flyers pointed to a fault in design while designating parking lots for passenger arriving and departing at the airport.Airport officials, on condition of anonymity, said certain issues, including parking have not been addressed.Besides parking, some of the services promised at the airport like Internet, aero-bridges and restaurants have yet to see the light of the day. Poor response to tenders floated by the airport authority for putting in place these facilities, airport sources maintained.Bhopal airport's first floor is yet to be operationalized. None of the two over-bridges is being used. Currently. around 10 flights operate per day from here and number of passengers is much less compared to airports in other cities of the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13730505", "title": "Timberlake dubbed absolute sweetheart by ex", "text": "Justin Timberlake's former girlfriend Veronica Finn has said that the singer turned actor is an \"absolute sweetheart.\"The 'SexyBack' hitmaker had romanced a number of famous women including Cameron Diaz and Britney Spears before getting engaged to Jessica Biel last Christmas, but his first girlfriend was Finn.Timberlake and Finn met when she was 16 and he was 17 and they were both in groups - she was in girl group Innosense'while he was part of boy band *NSYNC - and she remembers the time that they spent together fondly.\"He was very special. Our love was unique, and he was an absolute sweetheart,\" Contactmusic quoted Finn as telling Star magazine.\"I was a girl version of Justin, we hit it off right away. It wasn''t typical dating because we both were touring by then. But when we had time together, we went to the movies, to the park or just hung out at each other''s house.\"\"We even vacationed together in the Bahamas,\" she said.Finn, now 30, keeps a box of mementoes and love letters that were written by 'The Social Network' star during their year-and-a-half time together.\"Justin loved to express his feelings for me in writing. I''ve kept a box of mementos from him, including his cards and letters, in my attic for Years,\" she said.In one letter Timberlake has described himself as \"the happiest man alive,\" and finishes the note with \"Damn, I love that girl.\"The young lovers had parted ways back in 1998 when Finn started to get jealous.Although she never suspected Justin was unfaithful to her, she said he \"might cheat, even though he loved me. There were a lot of female fans and a lot of temptation out there.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13713152", "title": "Sickle cell anemia a painful inheritance for tribals", "text": "COIMBATORE: V Bagyaraj, a native of Banagudi hamlet in Kothagiri taluk in Nilgiris wakes up every morning wondering whether it is going to be a good or bad day. If he is lucky, he might go for a walk in the forest or play cricket. Else, he is confined to bed, suffering from acute pain. He is one among several tribal children suffering from sickle cell anemia (SCD). The disease is hereditary. To a certain extent, it can be prevented but it can never be cured. His fate has been sealed for life.Until two years ago, when the Nilgiris Adivasi Welfare Association (NAWA) began treating him to manage the disease, he used to spend every single day in bed, writhing in pain. He looked emaciated, pale and much younger than his age. He is much healthier now, thanks to NAWA which supplies him with pain medication and hospitalizes him when the pain becomes unbearable. \"When my body hurts, I cannot move,\" he says. Having lost his parents, he lives with his grandmother.Sickle cell anemia is a serious disorder in which the body makes sickle-shaped red blood cells. \"Sickle cells contain abnormal hemoglobin called sickle hemoglobin which causes cells to develop a sickle, or crescent, shape. Sickle cells are stiff and sticky. They tend to block blood flow in the blood vessels of limbs and organs. This leads to pain, infection and organ damage.Twelve-year-old R Kanakraj, part of the Irula tribe residing in Sundapatti hamlet, also suffers from SCD. \"I enjoy playing cricket and volleyball but often I cannot enjoy sports because my knees and hands pain a lot. Occasionally, my chest pains too. Earlier, I hardly went to school because of the pain. Now, I am more regular since the association gives me pain killers,\" he said.According to a study conducted by NAWA over the last four years, out of a total tribal population of 6260 in the Kothagiri block, 41 were identified with SCD, while 1077 were identified with sickle cell traits, said K Vijaykumar, project manager, NAWA. Out of those exhibiting the trait, 478 were male and 579 were female, while 16 males and 25 females had the disease. The most affected age group was between 16 and 40 years, he added. The Irula and Kurumba were the most affected tribes while the Todas and Badagas were found to be susceptible to the disease. The disease is prevalent among other tribes too.M Alwas, secretary, NAWA, urged the government to play a substantial role in curbing the disease. \"The government should identify persons with SCD and ensure that they do not marry as their offspring will most likely have the disease. At present, they get funds from the government to treat people with the disease, but Alwas says that this is hardly enough to wipe out the disease. Sufferers should receive financial help from the government, he added since most cannot work. He also suggested that people with the disease should receive their pension earlier as their life-expectancy is short.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13719613", "title": "Tiger dies in Bandhavgarh", "text": "BHOPAL: A tiger death was reported in Bandhavgarh tiger reserve in Umaria district of eastern Madhya Pradesh on Friday.A tiger death has been reported from Bandhavargh, additional principal chief conservator of forest Dharmendra Shukla told TOI. \"I don't have details now. We are awaiting an elaborate report about the animal by Saturday,\" he added.Bandhavgarh field director C K Patil and his deputy Mridul Pathak couldn't be contacted despite repeated calls as they were reportedly out in the jungles of the reserve.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13712216", "title": "Shock for another rooftop traveller", "text": "MUMBAI: A commuter was severely injured after he sustained a high-voltage electric shock while travelling on the rooftop of a Central Railway local at Chunabhatti on Friday. The victim hasn't been identified and is in the Sion Hospital. On two occasions in the past week, commuters travelling on rooftops of CR locals got electrocuted.\"The victim is aged between 25 and 30 years. He was travelling in a CST-bound local. Around 10am, he came into contact with the pantograph and sustained an electric shock,\" a GRP official said.The victim was rushed to Sion Hospital and admitted to the emergency ward. On Thursday, Irfan Usman Ghani Shaikh (35) was electrocuted at Chunabhatti while he was travelling on the rooftop of a Panvel-bound local around 3.50pm. On Tuesday, an unidentified minor was electrocuted at Dadar while he was travelling on the rooftop of a CR local.RPF cracks down on dangerous travelThe RPF on the Central line cracked down on dangerous travel on Friday. Three cases of rooftop travelling and seven cases of performing stunts were recorded on the Harbour line between Chunabhatti and Masjid Bunder stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "13713658", "title": "Probe into manhandling of youth", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: The Kayamkulam police on Friday began a probe after a youth was manhandled by 'moral police'.Kayamkulam CI K S Udayabhanu said the victim has been identified as Anuraj, a native of Puthupally in Kayamkulam and he was attacked by the 'moral police' on May 28.\"As per the visuals available with the police, the two youth Ashik and Faizal, natives of Kayamkulam, attacked Anuraj near Kayamkulam Government Hospital alleging that he misbehaved with a woman.\"Their friends Ameer and Tanuj captured the visuals of the attack in their mobile phones and sent to other handsets via bluetooth. Following this, the video widely spread among people. As per the information we received, we also collected the video and registered a case suo motu,\" he said.The victim has not yet lodged any complaint with the police.However, we have started a hunt for the accused, said the police.The police said that the victim was returning from hospital after admitting his mother's sister there. While returning from the hospital the incident happened. Then the youth attacked him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "ipoh", "code": "13729144", "title": "Indian striker Sunil reprimanded for middle-finger gesture", "text": "IPOH: Indian striker SV Sunil was on Saturday reprimanded but escaped a ban for showing his middle finger to spectators after scoring the match-winner against Pakistan in the ongoing Azlan Shah Cup hockey tournament.Tournament Director Sarinder Dillon of Hong Kong issued an \"official reprimand\" after a disciplinary hearing at the team hotel where Sunil and Indian team manager Manoj Bhore were present.Sunil's action of throwing a punch in the air with his middle finger raised in Thursday's encounter with Pakistan was caught by television cameras.The matter then came to the attention of the Tournament Director, who summoned Sunil and the Indian team manager for a hearing after viewing the video of the incident.\"Sunil accepted that he was wrong and has been officially reprimanded,\" Dillon said.The decision means Sunil will be able to play in India's last match tomorrow. Indian team manager Bhore said he was relieved that the matter had been resolved.Sunil's match-winning goal for India came in the penultimate minute when the teams were tied 1-1.India had opened the scoring in the first session through penalty corner specialist Sandeep Singh, while Pakistan equalised with a penalty corner conversion by Sohail Abbas , the highest all-time goal scorer in international hockey.The victory kept five-time champions India, currently lying in the third place, in the contest for a bronze medal. India have rounded off their league engagements with nine points from six matches.India's opponents for the play-offs and whether that would feature in the bronze medal match would be finalised later in the evening after the last round of league matches.New Zealand have confirmed entry into the Azlan Shah Cup final by logging 12 points in five match. Argentina (nine points from five matches) and pre-tournament favourites Great Britain (eight points in five matches) are the other teams vying for a spot in the final.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13720425", "title": "Chief minister targets to woo farmers, promises friendly version of land acquisition bill", "text": "LUCKNOW: Anticipating what farmers support could mean to Samajwadi Party in the 2014 Lok Sabha elections, the Akhilesh government doled out sops worth Rs 5,432.37 crore for agriculture and allied activities to benefit the group. Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav also reiterated his government's commitment to scrap the old land acquisition policy and come up with a farmer friendly version soon.Stating that loans were a stress that haunted a farmer's mind, the chief minister announced a loan waiver package for small farmers. A sum of Rs 500 crore has been earmarked for this purpose. This scheme would be helpful to farmers who mortgage their land with government banks and fail to repay the loan. In another big decision, the government decided to increase the insurance cover in Kisan Accident Insurance Scheme. An allocation of Rs 350 crore has been made to increase the sum assured from rupees one lakh to rupees five lakh.To tap the big farmers, the government allocated Rs 400 crore for payment of dues to cane farmers. The government revived a scheme called Bhumi Sena, a project run by the UP Bhumi Sudhar Nigam wherein sodic, wasteland, barren and waterlogged land of selected allottees usually marginal farmers is treated to increase its productivity and help in improving their quality of life. The said scheme can be helpful to marginal farmers in districts of Bundelkhand.Steps have been initiated to take care of basic problems such as availability of seeds and fertilisers that bother a farmer. The government sanctioned Rs 137.82 crore for procurement of fertilisers and seeds for 2012-12. For procurement of eight lakh metric tonne phosphate and three lakh metric tonne urea ahead of the 2012-13 Rabi season, the government earmarked Rs 100 crore. A sum of Rs 72.51 crore has been kept aside for ensuring availability of hybrid seeds and improved seeds for groundnut and sugarcane.The interest of the farmer has been kept in mind beyond the realms of agriculture and associated activities. For instance, the government has fixed a target for ensuring availability of water till the tail end of 9,654 canals in Kharif season and 9,850 canals in Rabi season in the present financial year. Farmers will also benefit from the allocations of Rs 1,473.59 crores for old age and farmer pensions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13715936", "title": "HC panel to look into parking woes in Sec 17", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With the officials of the UT administration and municipal corporation failing to come up with a plan to make Sector 17 a no-vehicle zone, Punjab and Haryana high court on Friday constituted a committee headed by the finance secretary to take proactive steps for the long-term solution of parking problems there.Directions were passed by a special bench headed by Justice Surya Kant during the resumed hearing of an ongoing case pertaining to the problem of vehicular traffic in the area.The committee will consist amicus curie Reeta Kohli and A P S Shergill, UT senior standing counsel Sanjay Kaushal, superintending engineer of the MC Mukesh Anand, UT SP (traffic) and a representative from the department of town and country planning.The HC has also directed the committee to give its suggestions to a competent authority for final approval by June 15 and thereafter the authorities should inform the HC about the decision on July 9.On May 18, amicus curie in the case, Reeta Kohli, had stated that due to lack of management on part of the Chandigarh administration, most of the underground parking zones in Sector 17 were not being utilized. Amicus had also suggested that for proper maintenance and optimum use of these underground parking lots, their ground level should be beautified with green covers and can be given on public-private partnership.She also suggested that proposed multi-story parking areas as well as the existing underground parking area in Sector 17 should be developed as terrace garden and exhibition area. It was also suggested that parking space opposite Empire Stores up to M/s Sahib Singh to be developed as underground parking. Thereafter, the bench had asked the MC and the UT administration to come up with a plan considering these suggestions. However, authorities failed to do so following which the committee has been constituted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13712584", "title": "Govt can\u2019t fix CNG network tariff: HC", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a setback to the government, the Delhi high court on Friday ruled that the Petroleum and Natural Gas Regulatory Board (PNGRB) is not empowered to fix any component of network tariff and compression charges for compressed natural gas (CNG).The board had asked Indraprastha Gas Ltd (IGL) to cut down its network tariff by 63%. In a retrospective decision, it had also asked the company to refund the difference to its customers for the period from April 1, 2008 till the date of issuance of order for CNG and piped gas. IGL had then come to court challenging the power of the Board to interfere in tariff decisions.A bench of acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw set aside the April 9 order of the oil regulator terming it as \"Illegal\" and saying the PNGRB was not \"empowered\" to fix or regulate the maximum retail price (MRP) at which the gas is to be sold by retailers. \"We hold that the board is not empowered to fix any component of network tariff or compression charge for an entity such as the petitioner having its own distribution network,\" the court said.The regulator had also ordered the company to reduce its network tariff by 63% to Rs.38.58 per MMBtu as against Rs.104.05 per MMBtu sought by the company.The sole supplier of compressed natural gas in Delhi and NCR had pleaded against the regulatory board's decision to regulate its network tariff and selling price. It argued the board did not give it a hearing and calculated the tariff on the basis of 2008 price levels for various inputs and charges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13714893", "title": "SCZCC craft and performing arts workshop begins on Monday", "text": "NAGPUR: The city-based SCZCC has now come up with a summer workshop to be held at its premises in Civil Lines from June 4 to 13. Four disciplines of craft and visual arts have been included in this event that is open for students and people interested in pursuing these forms.Workshops for collage making, Madhubani paintings, mural art and pot making will be conducted by experts. Trideep Kumar Madhubani from Bihar , Satish Borsare from Bhadrawati, Laxman Borsare from Chandrapur and Hazare from Kalmeshwar will be teaching these different forms from 7.30 am to 10.30 am. There is no age limit for those wanting to attend. A fee of Rs 200 has to be paid and material is to be brought by the participants. These workshops will also be conducted free at four different venues in the city for children from economically weaker sections.Dy Director of the Centre Anita Meshram told reporters on Friday that the summer festival was a regular activity undertaken by them. \"We organize these activities for children living in slums and red light areas. This year too we will be holding the event at Jooni Mangalwari on June 25.\"A Performing Arts Festival to be held from June 8 to 12 also forms a part of the activities. Organized in association with Stagecraft theatre group, Nagpur, it aims to provide a platform to upcoming artists and local talent in the sphere of dance, drama and music. Three different stages have been set up at the mela ground of the centre which would see more than 100 performances over three days. \"Three small stages of 10x15 feet have been set up where simultaneously dance, drama and music events will be staged. Each performance will be of 10 minutes,\" Meshram said.Talk shows, group discussions on various aspects of performing arts, open forums where experts from the field would address the queries of the participants, street plays, stand-up comedy acts, soliloquies, pantomime and mimicry will be presented live as part of cultural show to be organized in the evenings throughout the duration of the festival.The festival is open for individual performers as well as theatre groups or dance and music groups. There are no restrictions of language for the participants who can register themselves at the centre. Entry is free for visitors and audiences for the entire festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "kollam (ker)", "code": "13735072", "title": "Italian naval guards produced in court, case posted to June 18", "text": "KOLLAM (KER): A local court today posted to June 18 trial of the 'Enrica Lexie' case in which two Italian marines have been charged with shooting dead two Indian fishermen off the Kerala coast on February 15.The marines Latore Massimilliano and Salvatore Girone were produced in the district and sessions court today when the case came up before Sessions Judge P D Rajan.The court directed the state government to provide a list of interpreters before the next sitting to translate court proceedings into Italian for the benefit of the accused.It also asked the prosecution to provide copies of the charge sheet to the two marines, as sought by them.The first class magistrate court here, where the case was initially considered, had a few days ago issued a committal warrant for transferring the case to the Sessions Court for trial.The marines, engaged for security of the Italian vessel, were arrested on February 19 for opening fire and killing fishermen Jalestine and Ajesh Binki, who had ventured into the sea from nearby Neendakara in a fishing boat with nine others.The marines have been under custody since then, mostly in the central prison at Thiruvananthapuram before being moved to Borstal School at Kochi a few days ago.The Kerala High Court had on May 30 granted them bail with stringent conditions, but they were yet to come out of detention after fulfilling the conditions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13713581", "title": "Kerala tourism department ready for 'dream season'", "text": "KOCHI: The Kerala tourism department is getting ready for the inflow of domestic and foreign tourists to the shores of Kerala. The department claims that additional influx of tourists is likely to happen from Gulf countries during the period referred to as 'dream season.' It recently completed a series of workshops and campaigns in the Gulf.The flow of tourists from Europe decreases during June-September owing to monsoon. The focus is on Gulf countries from this year to utilize the spell of hot weather there. As per data provided by the department, 6.8 lakh tourists visited Kerala during monsoon in 2010 and 7.3 lakh in 2011. This year it is expecting an increase of 5 to 10% as they have received a positive response from Jeddah, Riyadh and Dammam to their recent marketing campaign.\"Monsoon tourism was introduced to boost tourist arrivals during off-season and it focused on domestic tourists. Since we found that Gulf nationals are trickling in, we decided to tap their potential. Citizens from these countries are keen to avail themselves of ayurvedic treatments, and so our package for them primarily focuses on ayurveda treatments. This year we conducted road shows, outdoor displays, advertisement through print and broadcasting media in Saudi Arabia to spread the 'dream season' campaign and are expecting a good response,\" says Rani George, director, tourism department.She says that a tourism website will soon host a virtual video, which will display clips of key destinations. Dream season package is a big hit among honeymooners. Citizens from France and Scandinavian countries form a major chunk of the few European visitors during this season. Nearly 8% of tourists come exclusively to undergo ayurvedic rejuvenation therapy available in the state.A Kerala Tourism Development Corporation (KTDC) official said enquiries and bookings for hotels have already commenced. While domestic tourists prefer Alappuzha, Munnar, Thekkady and Kochi, foreigners prefer Alappuzha, Kovalam, Varkkala and Thekkady, during the season. About the mushrooming of illegal ayurvedic treatment centres, the department maintained that it doesn't have power to give licence or monitor the centres and it is the duty of local administration and police to check it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "13715649", "title": "Shimla temperature close to all-time high", "text": "SHIMLA: There seems to be no respite from the sizzling weather even in the hills. Shimla, the queen of hills, is also facing the heat this summer as the mercury touched 31.9 degrees Celsius on Thursday, which was six degree above normal and also the second highest temperature recorded ever.The town had witnessed 32 degrees Celsius on May 27, 2010, which was the highest ever in the last 50 years, ever since the met department started recording temperatures.According to met officials, if the present weather conditions persist, Shimla may break this record this month. Met official RK Lakhanpal said, \"The temperature here has been oscillating between 28 and 30 degrees this week and can break the earlier records.\"Even the early morning showers with high velocity winds in the town on Friday could not bring relief from the heat as the maximum temperatures in Shimla was recorded 30.4 degrees and the highest temperature in the state was in Una at 44.8 degrees C.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13715322", "title": "What austerity? Haryana MLAs to fly business class", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee announced a series of austerity measures, the Congress-ruled Haryana cabinet on Friday approved proposal to allow MLAs to travel by air in business class in stead of economy class.An official release by the state said that the Cabinet approved the proposal to amend Haryana Legislative Assembly (Allowances of Members) Rules, 1976 for this purpose. In another decision the cabinet approved free travel to MLAs and ex-MLAs by AC coaches.This comes less than a month after the state's finance department had barred all government from flying in business class in any domestic flight.The ministers were also asked to cut their expenses on traveling by official vehicle as a part of austerity measures. The finance department had also put a \"complete ban\" on purchase of new cars and vehicles except for replacement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "in february this year, lisa ray had spoken about her engagement to banking executive and philanthropist jason dehni. the model-actor-television anchor is all set to tie the knot with her fiance on october 20. \"i have waited a long time to find the right man to spend my life with. i want to celebrate it and send out the message that it pays to wait and not compromise. i was too wrapped up with work and travel. after cancer, now in my lisa 2.0 phase, i have realised what is important,\" said lisa. apparently, october 20 was selected as it's an auspicious date and marks the beginning of durga puja, as lisa's bengali uncle in calcutta pointed out to her father. as for the wedding, it will be held in napa valley, which is significant as lisa and jason got engaged there. the night before the wedding will be the sangeet, hosted by lisa's close friends noni and kiran. \"it will have an indian flavour with a napa setting which means wonderful food and wine and california weather. october is harvest season in napa so it's the best time of year. i am so excited!\" said lisa. a big foodie herself and a popular food show host, lisa has decided on an elaborate menu along with the couple's wedding planner sarah gazzagh. \"i spent hours with renowned chef bruce riezenmen to create a menu that reflects both jason and my tastes and heritage", "code": "13724837", "title": "An October wedding for Lisa Ray", "text": "In February this year, Lisa Ray had spoken about her engagement to banking executive and philanthropist Jason Dehni. The model-actor-television anchor is all set to tie the knot with her fiance on October 20. \"I have waited a long time to find the right man to spend my life with. I want to celebrate it and send out the message that it pays to wait and not compromise. I was too wrapped up with work and travel. After cancer, now in my Lisa 2.0 phase, I have realised what is important,\" said Lisa. Apparently, October 20 was selected as it's an auspicious date and marks the beginning of Durga Puja, as Lisa's Bengali uncle in Calcutta pointed out to her father. As for the wedding, it will be held in Napa valley, which is significant as Lisa and Jason got engaged there. The night before the wedding will be the sangeet, hosted by Lisa's close friends Noni and Kiran. \"It will have an Indian flavour with a Napa setting which means wonderful food and wine and California weather. October is harvest season in Napa so it's the best time of year. I am so excited!\" said Lisa. A big foodie herself and a popular food show host, Lisa has decided on an elaborate menu along with the couple's wedding planner Sarah Gazzagh. \"I spent hours with renowned chef Bruce Riezenmen to create a menu that reflects both Jason and my tastes and heritage: there will be an Indian element, a Lebanese element and fresh, local ingredients showcased in some international cuisine,\" she said.The couple plans to spend their honeymoon in Bora Bora as neither of them has been there. And, they are hoping to have a reception in India in early 2013 with Jason's charity, Artbound, coming to Udaipur to build a sustainable village. While Toronto will be their base after marriage, Lisa definitely wants India to be a large part of their lives. For someone who has fought cancer and come out a winner, what is her message to others? \"Never stop fighting. I mean fighting for your own identity and the right to be yourself. My favourite saying now: Be yourself. Everyone else is taken.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13714693", "title": "Chief secretary reviews Eastern Dedicated Freight Corridor project", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state monitoring committee of the Eastern Dedicated Freight Corridor project under chief secretary Jawed Usmani met on Friday to expedite the implementation of the project. Reviewing issue-wise agenda, Usmani directed officials to ensure time-bound clearances and resolution of issues pertaining to land acquisition or requisition in this connection.Prior to Friday's meeting, Infrastructure and Industrial Development Commissioner, Anil Gupta held discussions with director operations of DFCCIL on identification of locations and development of multimodal logistics parks (MMLPs) in Kanpur, followed by other industrially and economically suitable towns along the DFC route.An anchor project of the ambitious Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor (DMIC), Eastern DFC, is a new access-controlled rail network that proposes to carry freight in container-like compartments and is expected to be functional by 2015-16. \"In the long run multimodal logistics parks will become nodes of increased economic activity not only for industrial goods, but for safe and quick transportation, storage and marketing of agri-products that will benefit farmers,\" said PN Shukla, director DFCC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13715434", "title": "Couple arrested for forgery, cheating", "text": "CHENNAI: Central crime branch (CCB) sleuths arrested a couple on charges of forging documents and cheating a private financial institution in Ashok Nagar.Police said C Raja, 32, and his wife K R Mili 31, took a loan of 47 lakh from Repco Home Finance Ltd in 2009 and failed to repay the amount. \"When Repco officials attempted to take possession of the property that they had mortgaged, they discovered that the documents had been forged,\" a police officer said.Based on a complaint by the assistant general manager of Repco Home Finance Ltd, CCB officers registered a case and arrested Raja and Mili at their house in Madipakkam's Sakthi Nagar Extension.The couple was remanded in judicial custody after being produced before a magistrate's court in the city. The CCB police are continuing their investigation of the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13714172", "title": "Brahmeshwar Singh: From a singer to an activist", "text": "PATNA: Resident of a nondescript village Khopira in Sandesh block, Brahmeshwar Singh alias Mukhiyaji was a known kirtan singer. Old-timers still recall him as \"kirtaniya\".Mukhiyaji (in his late 60s) used to sing religious songs in temples or in cultural gatherings. Later, he became popular as a social activist, particularly among the upper castes of his area.With the rise of the Naxal movement in Bhojpur in the early 70s, under the leadership of the then first generation Naxalite leader (late) Ram Naresh Ram, alias Parasji, middle-level farmers and landed gentry started feeling insecure, said an old timer Ram Charitra Prasad Singh.A large number of them started looking for a reliable person who could protect their land and crops from Naxalites in Bhojpur district. Here was the man who was acceptable to everyone. \"Soft-spoken Mukhiyaji was a committed and able leader who had good organizing capacity to lead a movement against the Naxalites,\" said a vocal Sena leader in Patna . Then, he formally launched a farmers' organization in 1995, which was later known as Ranvir Sena. Mukhiyaji had successfully contested panchayat election in 1990 from Khohis panchayat.With this foundation, a war of attrition followed with the CPI (M-L) in Bhojpur district that claimed over 300 lives from both sides. Mukhiyaji was the named accused in at least 26 carnages, from Bathani Tola (1996) to Bathe-Laxmanpur (Arwal, 1997). He was acquitted in 16 cases while he was on bail in 10 cases. He had come out of jail in the middle of April and was living at Katira locality in Ara.The gruesome killing of Brahmeshwar Singh has also exposed the internal bickering in the rank and file of the Ranvir Sena. During Singh's long confinement in jail, new members of the Sena shifted their loyalty to a younger leadership.Throughout the day in Bhojpur on Friday, people were whispering about the possible killers of Mukhiyaji. One of the Sena members of Nawada area was heard saying that Mukhiyaji was killed by his own men.\"Parallel lines were drawn in the Sena leadership. He was getting sidelined in most of the major decisions of the outfit. Now Sena is not only confined to protecting land and crops of the rich and middle-level farmers but also diversified its area of operation,\" said another Sena leader of Ara's Rajendra Nagar locality.But, by default, the absolute gainer is CPI-ML (Liberation) by default. ML's agitation was mainly revolving around the activities of Sena under the leadership of Mukhiyaji. Party leadership is happy over the killing of Mukhiyaji.CPI (M-L)'s politburo member Nand Kishore Prasad said that in dozens of carnages in Bhojpur, including Khopira and Sarthua (both in 1995), Chandi, Patalpura, Narhi, Bathani Tola, Purhura, Khaneth, Ekbari (all in 1996), Ekbari, Nagari and Haibaspur (1997) Ranvir Sena members were the main accused in which women and children were also not spared.The euphoria was writ large on the face of CPI (M-L) leaders gathered at its Ara office on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13716827", "title": "Home guards skip work for pay hike", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Home guards across Odisha abstained from duties on Friday, leading to partial disruption of security arrangements in Bhubaneswar and other places.The 17,500-odd home guards are up in arms against the state government's \"apathy\" towards their longstanding demands, including pay hike.Around 2,000 home guards, including women from different districts, staged a demonstration in Bhubaneswar. \"In the age of inflation and price rise, we are getting paid Rs 150 per day towards daily call duty. We urge the government to double the daily call duty allowance,\" said Sanjay Kumar Behera, working president of Nikhil Utkal Gruharakhi Mahasangha, a body of home guards. \"We will not join duties until our demands are fulfilled,\" Behera said.\"Our counter parts in West Bengal are getting Rs 250 per day. A deputy group commander, home guard in WB gets Rs 255 per day and group commander gets Rs 257,\" Behera said.The agitating home guards said they had been marginalized despite playing a role equal to the constables of Odisha police. \"We help police in manning police stations, regulating traffic and patrolling. But we are not even treated as a Class-IV employees,\" a home guard said. \"Some of our colleagues were retrenched on no ground,\" he added.Home guards also demanded certain privileges like EPF and ESI facilities and a home guard welfare fund for them. \"If the government does not fulfil our demands at the earliest, we will not join duties,\" he added.Bhubaneswar DCP Nitinjeet Singh denied the strike had any impact on patrolling in city. The home guards had staged demonstration near Assembly in March where senior police officials had assured them to look into their demands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13712195", "title": "Dip in deliveries under Janani Suraksha Yojana worrisome: DM", "text": "ALLAHABAD: District magistrate Anil Kumar has expressed anger over the decrease in the number of deliveries under the Janani Suraksha Yojana in the current year. The district magistrate was reviewing various health programmes of the health department in the district.It is pertinent to mention that there has been a decrease in the number of deliveries both in rural and urban areas. In April 2001, there were 2,479 deliveries in rural areas but the number shrunk to about 1,985 during the April this year. However, the in the urban areas, there was about 2731 deliveries during the month of April in the year 2011 and number reduced to about 2161 in April in the current year.During the meeting, it was also highlighted that there are about 14 sub-centers in the Janani Suraksha Yojana where there has not been even a single delivery. The district magistrate has ordered for withholding the salary of all the ANM (Auxiliary Nurse Midwife) sub-centres and sought clarification from the posted at these sub-centres and sought clarification from the incharge concerned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13719650", "title": "Fisheries college to introduce aquatic medicine this year", "text": "MANGALORE: For the past one decade aquaculture has seen a steady growth in the country.To meet the needs of the fast-growing industry, the College of Fisheries (CoF) here is introducing aquatic medicine as a subject in its four-year Bachelor of Fisheries under-graduation (BFsc) course from the current academic year.The industry is paying a price for the unprecedented growth. Despite aquaculture farmers incur huge losses owing to disease caused viral, bacterial, fungal and parasitic pathogens year after year, there are very few people in the country who are eligible to provide treatment to aquatic organisms.CoF dean KM Shankar said, \"Aquaculture or aqua farming accounts to over 54.5% fish production in India. It is now become a major part of our marine exports and is growing eight per cent annually.\"According to him, the college has introduced the new subject to help curb the loss incurred by the farmers.\"Every year, the industry is facing a loss of about Rs 100 crore. We need more people eligible to provide medical care for the aquatic animals. Students of the 2012-13 batch will become certified experts to provide treatment to fishes like vets. These students can also prescribe medicines for fishes,\" he added.Intensive courseThe college has also introduced an intensive two-month course in aquatic medicine for BFsc graduates. \"The National Fisheries Development Board has sanctioned Rs 1.5 crore for the purpose. Even candidates, who had finished BFsc degree a decade back, can join the two-moth course,\" he said.AquacultureAquaculture is the production of fish, shellfish, prawns, shrimps, crabs and other crustaceans in small ponds and water bodies", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "ramgarhfirr", "code": "13717047", "title": "Farmers face heat for water theft", "text": "RAMGARHfirR: The Cantonment Board of Ramgarh (CBR) will register an FIR against farmers of the town for allegedly stealing water meant for drinking in town area. The farmers allegedly have made holes on the main water supply pipeline and pilfer it for summer cultivation. The total amount of water pilfered is around 20% of supply and it has led to crisis in town area.Chief executive officer of the CBR, the only civic body in the state under the administrative control of the Union defence ministry, Om Prakash Singh said a probe panel had identified the people who were using the drinking water for irrigation purpose by making hole in the main supply pipeline. \"This is illegal, unjustified and unacceptable as the CBR will not allow any one to use the drinking water for irrigation purpose,\" said Singh.Of the 62 cantonment boards across the country under the defence ministry, the CBR is among the top five boards having own water treatment plant for drinking water supply to the local residents.tnn Singh said, \"It had come to his notice that approximately 20% of water supplied to town through water treatment plant was pilfered by local resident for irrigation purpose as hundreds of acres of land were being irrigated using drinking water theft from the supply line by illegally making big holes with the main supply pipeline.\"The CBR has decided to lodge FIR against the local residents as water treatment plant of the cantonment board with a capacity of 20 lakh gallons of water and only eight lakh gallons of water is being purified in the plant because of 12 hour power cut in the town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "13714177", "title": "CPM on the back foot, bolsters defensive tactics", "text": "KANNUR: With more people associated with the party coming under the shadow of suspicion in the murder of RMP leader T P Chandrasekharan, the CPM once again strengthened its defensive tactics in Kannur district.Party's state secretary Pinarayi Vijayan has been attending public meetings after public meetings to convince the cadres as well as followers that the recent developments have not affected the party.He attended three meetings in the district on Thursday, and again the same number on Friday, where he repeated the party stand and blasted the media and explained to the public in detail about the tortures suffered by the arrested leaders allegedly on the hands of some investigating officials.Though the party claims that the meetings are routine activity, it is a known fact that the CPM leadership is a puzzled lot due to the developments that followed the murder of Chandrasekharan.Though the work of the E K Nayanar Memorial Building, Kokkaniserry West branch committee office of the CPM, was completed long back, and it has been functional for quite some time, its inauguration got delayed because the local leaders were keen to get the date of V S Achuthanandan to open it.However, in the present political situation, it was decided that an inaugural function should be organized, where the party leaders could explain the local people about the party's stand and convince them that the party was in no way involved in the murder of the RMP leader.In recent days, the party had made sure that at least a state-level leader was present in every public meeting. Besides, branch and local committee meetings are also going on in full swing.In the coming days, after the Neyyatinkara bypoll, the party has plans to launch huge campaigns in the region. This is a clear indication that the leadership is worried that the public support may dwindle if this situation prevails for long.Incidentally, the party leadership has given strict instructions to the local leaders that maximum participation should be ensured in the public functions.But, the CPM local leadership is finding it tough to meet the expectation of the top leadership.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13713918", "title": "UGC lens on foreign institutions", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Universities Grants Commission (UGC) will discuss a regulatory framework to regulate foreign educational institutions in its meeting on Saturday.The decision to draft laws to regulate foreign universities comes at a time when the Foreign Educational Institutions (Entry and Operations) Bill, 2010, is pending before Parliament. \"There was a need to create a framework to regulate universities of dubious reputation. The Commission will be discussing that in its meeting on Saturday,\" said Prof Ved Prakash, UGC acting chairman.The Commission will also look at regulations for twinning and joint degree programmes between foreign and Indian educational institutions.Sources said that the HRD ministry had earlier this year asked the UGC to address the issue of fake foreign universities following students' complaints. The Commission had set up a panel under C N Rao to study the issue. The report is also likely to be discussed in the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13714189", "title": "Murder probe being scuttled by CPM: Left Coordination Committee", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Left Coordination Committee (LCC) has alleged that CPM was trying to create an atmosphere of fear and intimidation in the state to scuttle the probe into the murder of Revolutionary Marxist Party (RMP) leader T P Chandrasekharan.Speaking at a press conference here on Friday, LCC general secretary K S Hariharan said CPM was trying to browbeat all those who opposed the politics of violence practised by the party.\"CPM has been targeting police, media, and even writers to deflect the probe which has clearly established the role of top party leaders in the murder,\" he said.\"The hurling of abuses at eminent figures like Jnanpith winner Mahasweta Devi and poster attacks against writer C V Balakrishnan have exposed the fascist face of the party,\" Hariharan said.The LCC would hold a communist convention at Nalanda auditorium in Kozhikode on Sunday to mobilize public opinion against the politics of murder, he said.LCC president P Kumarankutty, secretary K P Prakashan and RMP leader N Venu were present at the press conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13716376", "title": "Varsity yet to get accustomed to smart classroom culture", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Way behind its counterparts in the city colleges where the smart classrooms have become functional already from the last academic session, Panjab University departments are yet to habituate to the \"smart classroom\" culture.Issuing 15 interactive boards to various departments at PU, including University Business School, University Institute of Engineering and Technology (UIET), University Institute of Chemical Engineering and Technology (UICET) and computer science departments, was hardly any help. Making the smart classroom concept a total letdown at varsity, three to four departments in each building at university continue to \"share\" only one such interactive white board.A recent proposal of recording the lectures in these classrooms has also fallen flat in face of not complete utilization of these classrooms. \"The interactive boards have already been installed in various classes and a proposal to record lectures, conducted in theses classes, has already been submitted to help students refer to these,\" says PU registrar A K Bhandari.While other universities in the region, including Kurukshetra University have even uploaded lectures on its websites, showing presentation prepared by teachers for various classes, PU however is yet to start it.\"There has been a demand from certain departments to obtain more such interactive white boards apart from those installed already,\" says K Tankeshwar, director, PU computer centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13711593", "title": "Probe Chandrababu Naidu, judiciary dealings: YSR Congress", "text": "HYDERABAD: The YSR Congress party on Friday demanded an enquiry into the way in which TDP leader N Chandrababu Naidu managed the judiciary while he was in power.Party spokesperson Gattu Ramachandra Rao said the then TDP government had issued two GOs sanctioning Rs 10 lakh to the Ranganadha Perumal temple of Devakottai village in Tamil Nadu and a copy of the orders were marked to the then high court chief justice AR Lakshmanan, who also hails from the same village.He said there was no provision in the state government's manual making it mandatory to issue a copy of all GOs to the high court chief justice.\"Chief justice AR Lakshmanan hails from Devkotta of Sivganga district and since the funds were allotted from the common good fund by the endowments department, it is obvious that it is an act of appeasement. TDP should answer to people why a copy was marked to the chief justice,\" he said.\"It is not sheer coincidence that the endowments department has issued orders for the release of Rs 4 lakh through a GO dated May 3, 2002 and Rs 6 lakh through a second GO dated June 19, 2002 when justice A R Lakshmanan was chief justice of the high court between November 26, 2001 and December 20, 2002.\" he observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13713311", "title": "Congress refuses to blame Nitish govt for Bihar 'lawlessness'", "text": "NEW DELHI: On a day its key ally Lalu Prasad and Ramvilas Paswan pounced on the Nitish Kumar government for lawlessness, Congress steered clear of any strong reaction to the murder of the Ranvir Sena chief and merely said such killings were a matter of concern.AICC spokesperson Renuka Chowdhury said, \"It is a matter of concern... because any such killing is a matter of concern... The issue should be investigated and reach its logical course of justice.\"The no-reaction to questions if the murder showed lawlessness in Bihar came amid hints that JD(U) could side with Congress in the presidential elections. Congress brass is trying to win support for its candidate and Nitish Kumar's breaking away from his ally BJP would be a political coup.The Centre has lately made friendly gestures to the Bihar satrap despite allies RJD and LJP being sworn rivals to Kumar. The murder of Ranvir Sena chief Brahmeshwar Singh presented a strong opening for Congress to pounce upon its rival. But the AICC's silence raised speculation if coalition considerations had prevailed over the political imperatives for the party.The presidential election seems to be softening the Congress towards its rivals, with Samajwadi Party being the other beneficiary. Congress fought a bitter battle against Mulayam Singh Yadav in UP recently but could not stop Samajwadis from romping to power.However, the post-election scenario has undergone a dramatic change with newfound bonhomie between Congress and SP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13713304", "title": "Bus fare hike helps Tamil Nadu State Transportation Corporation reduce losses", "text": "COIMBATORE: The government decision to hike the bus fares has come as a great relief for Tamil Nadu State Transportation Corporation (TNSTC), Coimbatore division, as it was reeling under huge losses. The transport corporation is now slowly making up for its losses as the revision has helped increase its revenue by at least 35 per cent.The Coimbatore region including Pollachi, Coimabtore and Nilgiris operate 1478 buses that ply across 6.20 lakh kilometres every day, said a senior transport official on conditions of anonymity.He said that the government decision to increase the fare by at least 56 per cent has helped the corporation, which was making huge losses. It was incurring a loss of Rs 8.55 per km in the previous financial year, totalling to a loss of Rs 53 lakh per day. However, with fare hikes the losses have come down to Rs 4.80 per kilometre which amounts to Rs 29.76 lakh per day.The revenue has increased from Rs 95 lakh to Rs1.25 crore per day. Another reason that has helped minimize losses is the improved efficiency of the buses due to consistent maintenance. Tyre life has improved from 1.5lakh kilometer to 1.6lakh kilometre. There is also a minor increase in mileage, from 4.88km per litre to 4.94km.This improvement in the performance of TNSTC buses will benefit the people, he added. The corporation will be better equipped to provide quality services to the people. The corporation is also planning to replace old buses with new ones. He said that the corporation is introducing 288 new vehicles this year and replacing another 110 buses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13731916", "title": "Navya Nair returns to Mollywood", "text": "While it's not rare for Mollywood heroines to return to acting after their marriage and being a mother, none has till date made a return as a lead actress. However, Navya Nair is all set to change that.The actress, who recently returned to showbiz albiet on the mini screen, has now been cast as the lead actress opposite Lal in Shaiju Anthikad's, Scene Onnu Nammude Veedu .On choosing Navya for the role, director Shaiju says,\"We needed someone with the rustic beauty and grace of a Malayalee girl and Navya's characters such as Balamani in Nandanam has personified it. She was the first face that came to our mind. And after hearing the story, even Navya agreed this was the perfect role for her to make a strong comeback.\"Navya , a mother of a one-and-half year old, plays a schoolteacher named Manju in the film. \"It's a family entertainer that revolves around life of an assistant director and his family,\" says the director.The flick also stars Asif Ali and is scheduled to begin shooting in July in Ottapalam and Pollachi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "13712427", "title": "Ponda planning and development authority staff finally get April, May salaries", "text": "PONDA: The aggrieved staff of Ponda planning and development authority (PPDA) received a respite when they received their salaries for April and May on Friday. The authorities have managed to pay the salaries by borrowing from the SGPDA.While the fate of the PPDA was hung, its staff had suffered an uncertainty about their April salary. The staff had not received their salary until May end and it was not expected that the staff would get the salary of the May, said a source from the SGPDA.He added that the Town and Country Planning (TCP) officials intervened and \"borrowed\" an amount from the SGPDA to pay the salary of April and May to the PPDA staff.\"As the PPDA is going to merge into the SGPDA, the amount would be adjusted after the merger,\" he clarified adding that the staff faced a hard time in absence of the salary.The state government has declared the planning area, for the reconstituted PPDA. The detailed plan of the Ponda PDA has been notified in the official gazette on May 17.The Ponda PDA had been reconstituted in November 2011, but after the villagers opposed the inclusion of their area, the MGP and BJP made it an election issue, assuring that if voted to power; both parties would ensure scrapping of the proposal.Keeping its word, the government has scrapped the proposal of including Curti-Khandepar village within its jurisdiction. However, the delay in merging the PPDA into the SGPDA had delayed the staff salary, revealed the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13715967", "title": "MLA: Hooda implicated me to grab power", "text": "NEW DELHI: Haryana MLA Ajay Chautala, facing trial in decade-old teachers' recruitment scam, has alleged in a Delhi court that chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda had implicated him and his family members in the case to grab power in Haryana.Indian National Lok Dal (INLD) leader Ajay Chautala said it during recording of his testimony in the court of Special CBI Judge Vinod Kumar. The son of former Haryana CM Om Prakash Chautala added even the witnesses gave false evidence against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13719264", "title": "Where are the 'Indian super heroes'?", "text": "INDORE: Young children of the city are missing out on popular Indian comic characters which once ruled the book markets. Cartoons show on TV, summer activity camps, internet and PSPs seem to have caught the fancy of younger generation, thus making the craze for these books are fade away.Diamond comics, Raj comics, Amar chitra katha, Champak, and Chandamama which once ruled the hearts of young readers, are seldom seen on the bookshelves. The popular Indian superheroes Doga, Dhruv, Parmanu, Chacha Chaudhary and Nagraj are the thing of past. Also, with the introduction of other western comics, Indian comics have slowly lost their place in the book markets.G D Agrawal, head librarian of Ahilya Central Library says, \"Children today are slowly loosing their interests in reading books like Raj Comics, Amar Chitra katha etc. Television and internet have taken over Indian comics which were earlier available in the market and were longed for in the summer vacations. I remember the times when we used to go to the book shops to rent comics and exchange them with friends to read.\" While Vandana Sharma, head librarian of Regional Library says, \"The young kids today lack awareness about the Indian culture as there are no enough material available for them to read.\" She further says that the comics available in the market are mostly based on western culture and are not at all related to Indian culture. Children earlier used to read and form their own imagination and used their creativity but now they have so many other options for entertainment that they don't wish to read.\"We hardly receive customers enquiring about Indian comics these days. The Indian comic industry has slowly gone down and is suffering losses due to which many companies closed down. People who come to ask for these books have either heard about them by their parents or are really keen on learning about the Indian culture,\" says Iqbal Hussain, a book store owner.Anuraag Pandey, a young employee with private firm says,\" I remember reading comics very fondly in my school summer vacations. I loved reading adventurous comics. Doga and Nagraj were the most loved characters back then but now these have been replaced by the cartoons displayed on televisions showing the similar stories which are often misleading and not completely true. The cartoons shown are exposing kids to vulgarity and are not related to the Indian culture.\"Shika Sood, a teenager says,\" I have heard about chacha Chaudhary and champak from my parents but could never read them or find them in the markets easily. I wish we had these comics available even now to know about our culture better. Also with so many other options in the market, I hardly miss reading comic books.\"Sushma Dubey, a writer says,\" The trend of story telling and book reading has slowly fading away and it is sad to know that the kids today don't know the famous Indian superheroes. The comics were very knowledgeable and would give its reader a lot of information about Indian culture but the cartoons today being shown on television are violent and vulgar. They often show things which are not appropriate for the kids.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13715083", "title": "Voice test on Shanti Bhushan, Mulayam Singh Yadav in CD case", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court on Friday allowed the Delhi police to take voice samples of senior advocate Shanti Bhushan and politicians Mulayam Singh Yadav and Amar Singh for further investigation into the matter pertaining to a controversial CD purportedly containing a talk between Bhushan and the politician duo about managing a Supreme Court judge in a case.Chief Metropolitan Magistrate Vinod Yadav accepted the Delhi Police plea for securing their voice samples through CFSL experts to ascertain the motive behind creating the CD. \"In my considered opinion, the present application filed by the investigation agency, is liable to be allowed as securing the voice sample of the aforesaid persons is very vital for further progress of investigation in the matter,\" the CMM said.The court also allowed the Special Cell of Delhi Police to get the voice samples of any other person having bearing in preparation of the CD. The Special Cell, in its application, referred to the January 25 order of the court by which the agency was directed to conduct further investigation in the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13714963", "title": "No corruption in allocation of coal blocks: Sriprakash Jaiswal", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Union coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal on Friday denied any corruption in allocation of coal blocks, but said whether the allocated companies misused the coal can only be ascertained after an inquiry.\"Successive governments pursued a policy of allocating coal blocks to private companies to make power available to the common man at an affordable price as Coal India alone can't meet the growing demand. Such allocations were made after the companies entered into power purchase agreement with the government,\" the minister said.\"There was no scam in allocating the coal blocks,\" he added. Comparing the coal block allotment for producing electricity with sharing free water for generating hydropower, Jaiswal said when water charges are not levied on hydropower plants why should be charges levied on coal for thermal plants?He said eight blocks were allotted during 1993 and 1999 while 32 blocks were allocated by the NDA government between 1999 to 2004 and 153 were given during UPA I. Power purchase agreements were made in 100% cases, he said.Team Anna had attacked Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, citing portions of a draft CAG report that coal blocks allocated when the coal ministry was with the Prime Minister had resulted in loss of an estimated Rs 1.8 lakh crores.Declining to comment on allegations made by \"individuals or some political parties\", the minister said, \"If and when CAG gives such a report, the government will examine it.\"On states' demand for higher coal royalty, the minister said the current level and system of royalty was justified, which increases with the rise in coal price.Jaiswal said the UPA-led Union government was seriously considering environmental issues in exploiting coal.Amid allegations that Coal India subsidiary Mahanadi Coalfields Limited (MCL) in Odisha had done excess mining during a particular period, the minister said MCL had not violated any law.The minister, who toured MCL Coalfields, said various workers' issues such as ensuring minimum wages for both regular and contractual workers were discussed. Jaiswal visited the Talcher Coalfield, one of the four richest coalfields in the country, which accounts for more than 60% coal production of MCL.Meanwhile, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and is understood to have briefed the Core Group about the CBI beginning a preliminary enquiry in connection with alleged irregularities in the utilisation of coal blocks allocated to private companies between 2006 and 2009.The almost two-hour-long meeting came ahead of the crucial meeting of the party's apex body Congress Working Committee on June 4, when Gandhi is expected to lay out the road map for Congress for future at a time when the party is jolted by series of defeats in the Assembly and civic bodies polls in various states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13716002", "title": "Heat wave continues unabated in Punjab and Haryana", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A blistering heat wave has been sweeping through the plains of Punjab and Haryana, with mercury rising to as high as 47 degrees Celsius at many places in the last few days.Though there was a drop of 3-4 degrees on Friday, it was not enough to effect any respite from the sweltering heat in the northern region.On Friday, the highest temperature was recorded in Narnaul in Haryana at 47 degrees, a departure of 5 degrees from normal, followed by Hisar at 45.9 degrees Celsius.In Rohtak, the maximum temperature recorded was 45.6 degrees, 4 degrees above normal while in Bhiwani, the maximum temperature was 45.2 degrees.Karnal and Ambala recorded 44 degrees Celcius, 4 degrees above normal.Amritsar in Punjab remained hottest with 44.8 degrees and Ludhiana also sizzled at the same temperature. Patiala recorded 45.6 degrees, 6 degrees above normal.Amritsar had recorded 47.6 degrees Celsius on Thursday and temperature in Ludhiana was 46.3 degrees.Met officials said that there was a possibility dust storm/thunderstorm and that light rains may occur at isolated places in Haryana and Punjab during the next 48 hours.Thunder squalls with wind speed exceeding 45 kms per hour may also occur at isolated places in Haryana and Punjab during the same period, they said.Meanwhile, six persons lost their lives in various parts of Punjab in the last one week due to heat stroke, reports said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13716015", "title": "Bill Gates' foundation to help develop polio vaccine", "text": "PUNE: To strengthen the war against polio, the Bill &amp; Melinda Gates Foundation may tie up with the Serum Institute here to develop injectable polio vaccines. This was revealed by Serum Institute's Dr Cyrus Poonawalla after Microsoft founder Bill Gates visited his company's plant in Hadapsar on Thursday evening.Gates, who appreciated how quickly Serum had increased the capacity at its bio-pharma centre, told reporters that the company had deeply influenced the vaccine world. \"The world is dependent on the quality vaccines that Serum produces,\" he said, adding that he would like to see new blocks in the vast Hadapsar campus producing vaccines for malaria , HIV, etc, in the future.Gates said there is a need for cost-effective vaccines against various infectious diseases. \"The foundation is interested in several new products developed at the Serum Institute. I would love to see more on vaccine research,\" he said.At present, The Global Alliance for Vaccine and Immunisation, Gates foundation and the Serum Institute are partners in several immunisation programmes around the world. The institute exports vaccines for GAVI projects while the Gates Foundation funds clinical trials, Poonawalla said.\"Injectable polio vaccine is the only vaccine missing from our basket of vaccines,'' said Poonawalla about seeking further funding from the Gates foundation for development of the new vaccine. Gates' visit is a historic moment for the institute, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13719964", "title": "Harassment by low-floor bus staffers on the rise", "text": "BHOPAL: The low-floor buses launched through a public-private partnership (PPP) venture to improve city's transportation system and give relief to the commuters have become a nightmare for the women passengers.Everyday at least four women passengers travelling in the Prasanna Purple city buses are subjected to harassment at the hands of the drivers or conductors, if the call centre records of the bus service operator are to be believed. Requesting anonymity, the 'Prasanna Purple' employees at the call centre said, \"We receive at least four complaints from women commuters daily regarding the misbehavior of the low-floor bus staffers.\"The low-floor buses are operated by the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) and Prasanna Purple Bus Services under the PPP model. Even after repeated complaints by the female commuters to the authorities concerned, no concrete step has been taken by the BMC or the bus operator to rein in the errant bus staffers.\"The conductors of the low-floor buses do not provide proper tickets even after we pay them the proper amount. If we demand tickets from the conductors, they start shouting at us for reasons best known to them,\" Varsha Sharma, a resident of Shivaji Nagar and a regular commuter in the bus, said. The conductors reportedly do not deliver the tickets against the fare amount given by the passengers, a common complaint against the bus staffers.\"I boarded SR 8 bus from Jyoti talkies and wanted to get down at Mansarovar complex. I paid the conductor Rs 5. However, after paying the fare, he did not give me the ticket and instead proceeded to collect money from other passengers,\" Sudha Purohit, a resident of Arera Colony said. She added that when she asked for the ticket as the bus reached her destination, the conductor shouted at her claiming that he had given the ticket. \"When other passengers argued with him, he finally gave me the ticket,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "canacona", "code": "13712597", "title": "Teacher found dead at Patnem residence", "text": "CANACONA: Vasudev Faldesai, 56, a teacher at Government HS, Shristall-Canacona, was found dead at his residence at Patnem-Canacona on Friday afternoon.The man is suspected to have committed suicide by hanging himself at around 12.10pm on Friday. The deceased left nothing to indicate the reasons for taking his own life. The incident came to light at around 12.30pm when his wife returned along with their son from the Chaudi Bazaar and saw her husband's body hanging from the ceiling. Faldesai's body was handed over to his relatives for cremation after the autopsy was conducted at Hospicio, Margao, Canacona police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13713531", "title": "Union home secretary R K Singh to review law &amp; order situation in Bihar today", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union home secretary R K Singh will review the law and order situation in Bihar on Saturday following the killing of Brahmeshwar Singh, the chief of outlawed Ranvir Sena, the private militia of landlords.Sources here said that though Singh reached Patna from Shillong on Friday evening for a pre-scheduled visit to review the law and order situation in Bihar, the incident in Ara, where six unidentified gunmen shot dead the Ranvir Sena chief, would figure in the meeting with state government officials as it is a sensitive issue and can have long-term law and order repercussions.They said the home ministry officials were in constant touch with Bihar government officials and keeping a close eye on the situation there because of some sporadic incidents after the killing.Sources said the Bihar government has not yet sought any additional central force to deal with the situation arising out of the killing. \"The Centre will provide paramilitary forces to the state if government there asks for it,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13718117", "title": "'Cases are withdrawn due to political pressure'", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra has consistently figured at the top in vandalism cases. In 2007 and 2008, the state had the most vandalism cases, more than even Bihar, while in 2011 the state was second to Bihar. In 2009 and 2010, Maharashtra was third after Bihar and Kerala.City-wise , after Pune and Mumbai , the next three places with the most vandalism cases were Bangalore , Kolkata and Hyderabad, with 1,662, 1,428 and 1,419 cases, respectively . Year-wise , Mumbai saw vandalism second only to Pune in 2008. In 2010 and 2011, Mumbai had the third-most cases after Pune and Hyderabad. The Telangana issue saw heavy vandalism in Hyderabad in those years. In 2009, Mumbai was third after Pune and Bangalore, and in 2007 the city ranked fourth after Pune, Bangalore and Kanpur.Lawyer and former IPS officer Y P Singh said Pune could have a high number of cases due to western Maharashtra being a political hub in the state and several politicians coming from Pune. This results in not just vandalism, but also in rival political outfits ensuring that the police properly file FIRs and apply the correct sections in case of vandalism.Just outside Mumbai, MNS leaders vandalized the Bhiwandi toll naka on November 30, 2010 during an agitation over toll charges Shops, autos and taxis have also been vandalized in Mumbai when political parties or unions have flexed muscles over issues. Last year, an agitation by the RPI (Atha vale) and Republican Sena for a 12.5-acre mill plot to be given for an Ambedkar memorial led to some violence. On Thursday, 101 BEST buses were damaged by protesters mainly through stone pelting.Singh said many vandalism cases are never filed as the police go soft. The parties may be let off after a couple of hours of detention under the provisions of sections 68 and 69 of the Bombay Police Act 1951. \"In whatever few cases FIRs are registered, at a later date the home department may withdraw the cases following political pres sure. There should be a policy for FIRs to be registered, preferably under non-bailable sections, for every case of unlawful assembly There should also be a zero-with drawal policy,\" Singh told TOI.\"Pune being politically sensi tive, the police avoid manipulating figures there,\" Singh said. \"But unfortunately, the statistics do not differentiate between a serious case of rioting and a technical case of rioting in which just five people may commit an unlawful act with out law-and-order implications.\"Times ViewThe court is right in saying that those who damage property in the course of protests or agitations must be made to pay for it. This should apply to both public and private property. The right to protest is fundamental, but that can't degenerate into vandalism. Where the individuals responsible for the damage can be identified, they must bear the costs, but very often in mob situations that would be difficult. In such cases, those leading the agitating mobs must be identified and held responsible for the damage. This will encourage a more responsible approach to political agitations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13712600", "title": "1,000 litre adulterated milk seized, 11 held", "text": "MUMBAI: Eleven people were arrested and more than 1,000 litre adulterated milk was seized by officials of the Food and Drug Administration , who along with the local police, conducted raids on four places in the city early on Friday, observed as World Milk Day in many countries.Though the raids were carried out in Kandivli, Khar, Dharavi and Indira Nagar in Mulund, the operations in Kandivli and Khar were successful. The accused rounded up are mostly slum dwellers who change their residences often. \"They buy branded milk packets from the market in the wee hours. After that, they make a small slit on each of the packets with a blade, remove up to 250 ml milk and fill the packet with water before sealing it again with wax,\" said FDA officer Amar Kolhe.Around 5am, the officials swooped down on seven places in Khar, including Chaupada chawl, Dhanpada chawl and Gazdar Bandh near Santa Cruz . At the end of the operation, eight persons were arrested and 572 litre adulterated milk was seized. Among the branded products were Gokul, Amul and Mahananda, an official said. The accused have been identified as Laxmi Nalmaddi (30), Dhanlaxmi Chirkute (20), Chandrana Nalmadi (35), Narsimha Nalmadi (20), Ravindra Gauda (28), Ganesh Bundida (19), Balamani Bomgani (20) and Somlata Mudinalla (24).Acting on a complaint lodged by a resident, Jaywantlal Shah (57), the police visited Kandivli and arrested three persons, Raju Yadaiya (23), Yadgiri Salla (26) and Gasaiya Papaiya Nanu (30), in Lalajipada. They seized 450 litre milk. \"The raid was carried out around 5.30am. We have held several raids in Lalajipada in the past as well,\" senior inspector Hareshwar Pimple said. All 11 have been booked under the Food Safety and Standards Act, 2006, besides provisions of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "13713634", "title": "School protection group to be expanded", "text": "KOTTAYAM: Aiming at the safety and protection of school students, police have decided to expand the School Protection Group. School principal, PTA president, ward member or councillor, representatives from teachers and students, representatives from merchants and traders and police officers will be members of this group.The project will be implemented in high schools and higher secondary schools of the district.The main aim of the project is to ensure the safety of students while crossing busy roads and junctions.The group will create awareness among students against the use of alcohol and other narcotic substances. They will also keep a tab on the mafia activities in and around schools.The group will also focus on strictly enforcing pan masala ban and stop the sale of tobacco and books containing pornographic materials on school premises. Students who bunk classes will also be identified and their parents will be informed. The squad will also keep a watch over those who befriend students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13713544", "title": "Janata Dal (Secular) legislator Abdul Azeem quits party post", "text": "BANGALORE: Even as the Congress was embroiled in the Siddaramaiah crisis, outgoing JD(S) MLC Abdul Azeem resigned from the JDSLP secretary's post, charging state party unit president HD Kumaraswamy of marginalizing him.Azeem told TOI on Friday that Kumaraswamy wanted to suppress him as he (Azeem) is the protege of JD(S) supremo HD Deve Gowda. His grouse was that he was not invited to the JDSLP meeting convened to select a candidate for the legislative council elections.\"I joined politics eight years ago. I want to continue in this field, but will have to decide how to go about it,'' the former cop added.Reacting to it, Kumaraswamy told reporters that Azeem was free to quit the JD(S).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13703892", "title": "Bollywood themed party in Delhi", "text": "Designer duo Ankita and Avantica hosted their annual Bollywood-themed party on Thursday night in Hauz Khas Village.It was also the eve of Ankita's birthday, and the designer said it was the \"joint celebration of a birthday, the achievements and successes we have had, and the celebration of 100 years of cinema in our own unique way\".Unlike most costume parties, this one saw the guests stick to the theme of the night. So, while a demure Jodha (Ankita) made sure every guest was having a good time, an uninhibited 'Disco Anarkali' (Avantica) welcomed each guest with a smile and a big hug.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13732475", "title": "Aanjjan Srivastav turns 65 today!", "text": "Veteran TV actor Aanjjan Srivastav, who is currently seen on Colors' TV Na Bole Tum Na Maine Kuch Kaha as Papaji, turns 65 today!To celebrate this occasion, the actor has kept a small party tonight at a suburban banquet for old friends ( Raj Kumar Santoshi, Kundan Shah), colleagues (actors from Na Bole Tum Na Maine Kuch Kah a) and family. Says Aanjjan, \"I look forward to spending the day with my old friends\".Aanjjan, who has been acting for 43 years and has a long standing association with IPTA , also plans on inviting his theatre friends. Ask the actor what he wishes for his 65th birthday and he replies, \"I want my son to settle down and my daughter to get admission in a good college. I also want to go to my guru's ashram in Rishikesh with my wife.\"The actor still yearns to contribute more to the TV and film industry. Aanjjan adds, \"I want to play a negative character on TV and in a film. I also want to work with my old friend Kundan Shah\". But Aanjjan biggest ambition is to play social detective Sr. Wagle, a role that he hopes will shape up and one that will help people and spread a social message and creates awareness.We never tire of watching this legendary actor who has entertained us with special performances in Wagle Ki Duniya , Tamas , Nukkad and Alpviram . Here's wishing him a very Happy Birthday and all the luck for his future endeavours!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "13717532", "title": "Mechanism to check revenue loss on anvil: Nabam Tuki", "text": "ITANAGAR: The Arunachal Pradesh government is working on putting in place a strong mechanism to check revenue leakage in order to improve the financial status of the state, chief minister Nabam Tuki said.\"In addition to central assistance, the revenues earned from water and electricity taxes, land revenue and from mines and minerals can help stabilize the financial condition of the state,\" Tuki said, after laying the foundation stone for the ADC headquarters at Dumporijo in Upper Subansiri district on Sunday, official sources informed on Monday.He said Arunachal Pradesh has no resources of its own and solely depends on the Centre, adding revenues collected from the public would be properly utilized for developmental work.\"Arunachal Pradesh is one of the few states where everything is free. People should understand their responsibility as citizens and pay regular taxes on electricity, water, land etc, which will be used for their own good,\" he said.While discouraging illegal tapping of electricity, he said such practices lead to revenue leakage for the state government. He warned that the government is coming up with a strong mechanism to check pilferage of revenue, especially on VAT, sources informed.While responding to a public memorandum on proper construction of town roads, Tuki informed that concrete cement roads would replace the existing roads in all the district headquarters of the state.He also urged people to not to cramp road space by constructing buildings haphazardly so that the roads can be broadened in future.At Baririjo, Tuki laid the foundation stone for the sub-divisional office at Hakte-Ripa, which was recently upgraded from circle administrative headquarters. The chief minister also informed the gathering present there that a public grievance cell would be set up to check corruption cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13714634", "title": "Kush murder accused wants to change his lawyer", "text": "NAGPUR: In an interesting turn in trial of Kush Katariya murder case, main accused Ayush Pugaliya on Friday sought permission from the district and additional sessions judge GJ Akarte to change his lawyer Sudip Jaiswal. His brothers - Navin and Nitin - co-accused in the case had already changed the lawyer and engaged RK Tiwari to plead their case. The judge granted two weeks to Ayush for the purpose.Jaiswal later told TOI that the Pugaliya family declined to pay his fees and therefore they took the decision to replace him. \"They were not ready to pay even minimum of fees quoted to them. I work for fees. I am not doing any social work,\" he said.Earlier, Katariyas' lawyer Rajendra Daga and additional public prosecutor Jyoti Vajani moved an application under Section 294 of Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC) to either admit or deny documents that were attached to chargesheet of murder case that had rocked the city. They also moved another application demanding specimen handwriting of Ayush as they wanted it checked with handwriting experts. \"The accused had transferred some money through the banks by filling up slips and we want to investigate that aspect as well by comparing the handwriting,\" Daga told TOI. Special public prosecutor Ujwal Nikam was not present during Friday's hearing.The court charged Ayush Pugaliya with Section 302, 364(A) and 201 of IPC for murder, kidnapping for ransom and causing disappearance of evidence respectively. Kush was kidnapped and killed on October 11 last year for a ransom of Rs 2 crore. A case was registered at Nandanvan police station after which Ayush was arrested within a couple of days. Navin and Nitin were arrested later after it came to fore that they had extended indirect help to Ayush by disposing of his blood soiled clothes near Kasturchand Park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13732332", "title": "Arjun Kapoor to remake Nithin's \u201cIshq\u201d", "text": "\"Ishaqzade\" hero Arjun Kapoor will be doing the Hindi remake of Telugu movie \"Ishq\" starring Nithin. It was widely reported that Ranbhir Kapoor would enact in the Hindi version of the Telugu film but now it looks like Arjun Kapoor's name is almost finalized. Boney Kapoor has bought the remake rights of the film and he's now making grounds to start the production. An official announcement is awaited on this.Nitin's \"Ishq\" completed 100 days and the film also gave the actor the much required break in Tollywood. Directed by Vikram Kumar and jointly produced by Sudheer Reddy and Vikram Gowd, \"Ishq\" has received positive response from both fans and critics and became huge success. Nithya Menon played the female lead in this romantic entertainer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13735330", "title": "Low-fibre diet puts teens at health risk", "text": "Adolescents who don't eat enough fibre tend to have bigger bellies and higher levels of inflammatory factors in their blood, both of which are major risk factors for cardiovascular disease and diabetes , a new study has revealed.The study of 559 adolescents aged between 14-18 years from Augusta, Ga., showed that they consumed on average about one-third of the daily recommended amount of fiber, said Norman Pollock, bone biologist at the Medical College of Georgia and the Institute of Public and Preventive Health at Georgia Health Sciences University.\"The simple message is that adolescents need to eat more fruits, vegetables and whole grains,\" Pollock, co-author of the study, said.\"We need to push recommendations to increase fiber intake,\" he said.Only about 1 per cent of the young participants consumed the recommended daily intake of 28 grams for females and 38 grams for males. The study appears the first to correlate dietary fiber intake with inflammatory markers in adolescents.\"Better understanding of the relationships and risks of diet, inactivity and obesity in children and adolescents is particularly critical at a time when about 1 in 3 children is overweight or obese\", Samip Parikh, another co-author of the study, said.That's nearly triple the rate since 1963, according to the American Heart Association .Low-fiber consumers in the study were more likely to have more of the visceral fat found in and around major organs in their abdominal cavity.They also tended to have higher levels of inflammatory factors, such as immune cells called cytokines, as well as lower levels of protective adiponection, a protein secreted by fat that helps the body use glucose and fight inflammation. Interestingly, adiponectin levels tend to drop when fat becomes excessive and obesity is generally considered a chronic inflammatory state.Exactly how fiber helps stave off some of these unhealthy consequences is not completely clear, Parikh said.Hypotheses include increased bulk in the stool causing digested food to spend less time in the gastrointestinal tract and the ability of fiber to improve insulin sensitivity, potentially reducing visceral adiposity.More indirectly, fiber tends to speed satiety, potentially decreasing total food and caloric consumption, Parikh said. It may also help absorb and eliminate inflammatory factors.While belly fat and high inflammatory factors are inexorably linked to bad consequences such as heart disease and often occur together, one did not directly cause the other in this instance, Pollock noted.He was co-first author earlier this year of a study on the same group of adolescents who showed high-fructose consumption correlated with higher blood pressure, fasting glucose, insulin resistance and inflammatory factors as well as lower levels of cardiovascular protectors such as such as HDL cholesterol and adiponectin.These dangerous associations were exacerbated by belly fat.\"There is some other mechanism (for increased inflammatory factors associated with low-fiber intake),\" Pollock noted.The study has been published in the Journal of Clinical Endocrinology and Metabolism.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13712953", "title": "8 days to go, but schools not clear on 25% quota", "text": "MUMBAI: Days after the state government told schools to fill up 25% seats reserved for economically weaker students under the Right To Education (RTE) Act by June 10, most institutes claim they are yet to receive the circular. And confusion prevails among schools that have received the circular.The school education department had issued a circular asking all schools, except for unaided minority institutes, to put up a list of students admitted under the quota on their notice boards by June 10. Most schools claim they won't be able to implement the rule from this year as they do not have enough vacant seats.Rekha Shahani, principal of Kamla High School in Khar, said, \"We have received the circular, but are very confused. We are a minority institute and our primary section is unaided. However, our secondary section is aided so we are not sure if the policy is applicable to us.\"Sandeep Goenka, trustee of Billabong School in Thane, claimed he is yet to receive the circular. \"There is no clarity on what has to be done for this academic year. Earlier, we heard that schools wouldn't have to fill up the 25% seats this year if their admission process was over before the Supreme Court verdict. If the department is giving us a deadline now, it will be very difficult to fill those seats. We don't even have vacancies. If we admit more students now, we will not be able to maintain the student-teacher ratio,\" said Goenka. He pointed out that the academic session is set to start in the next four to five days.But officials said that schools shouldn't try to wriggle out of the situation as the policy is not new. The director of government's Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan programme, Sanjay Deshmukh, said, \"Once a rule comes into effect, it is presumed that schools know about it. They don't need to wait for a circular. Schools were aware of this rule for the last two years and should have taken it into consideration before filling their seats this year. As school has contacted us over admissions, we are presuming that they are following the rule. The RTE Act is clear that it is the school's responsibility to admit students from weaker sections. If a school flouts this norm, we will step in.\"The Supreme Court upheld the validity of the RTE Act in April. It also said that all schools other than unaided minority schools will have to enrol 25% students from weaker sections from Class 1 or the entry level.Several schools claim to be exempt from the rule as they are run by minority trusts. Paul Machado, principal of Campion High School, said they have some seats vacant, but need not fill them up as the school also is a minority institution. Abha Dharampal, principal of Utpal Shanghvi School, said the rule does not apply to her institution as it is a Gujarati minority school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13720552", "title": "Industrialists not satisfied with budget", "text": "KANPUR: Akhilesh Yadav government's first budget presented in the state Assembly on Friday has evoked mixed reactions from the industrialists, denizens and others in the city. The students were happy that they would be getting free laptops and tablets. Unemployed youth said that the SP government has always taken care of them by paying unemployment allowance. Girls also praised the budget as a provision of Rs 446.35 crore has been done to motivate them for receiving higher education. They were overwhelmed that the 'Kanya Vidya Dhan' scheme has been relaunched.There was another segment of the people who wanted the state government to slash the rates of VAT on petrol so that its prices may come down.The office-bearers of the Provincial Industries Association (PIA) said that they had a lot of expectations from the youngest CM of the state but nothing much has been done.Atul Seth, general secretary, PIA said that the industries have been ignored. \"The state government should think in the direction of increasing industralisation in the state instead of giving unemployment allowance to the unemployed. If the industrial sector will grow in the state, more job opportunities would come up for those who are jobless,\" he said.Manoj Banka, president of PIA, added that for the state's speedy growth, speedy industralisation is needed but it is missing in this budget which is unfortunate.SP Singh, head of the department of history, Christ Church College was of the opinion that distributing tablets and laptops to the students will not solve the purpose. Instead of distributing the unemployment allowance, the SP government should actually impart technical training to these people to enable them to get jobs in the industrial or commercial sectors.Singh expressed happiness that the government has raised the size of the budget. The 18 per cent increase in the budget as compared to the last year is a good initiative, she further said.The state government has made adequate arrangements for resources to meet the increase in size of the budget. This includes 22 per cent increase as compared to the last year in the state's tax revenue. The state budget includes 280 new schemes worth Rs 13,650.36 crore.Some of the denizens appreciated the government's decision of spending 23,591 crore for the development and strengthening of infrastructure like roads, energy etc.The 12th five year plan of the state is being prepared under which a growth rate of 10% has been targeted.The government has also laid importance on installing CCTV cameras at the important road crossings in Kanpur, Lucknow and Varanasi. This move is aimed at strengthening traffic arrangement in these big cities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13715520", "title": "More work options for Indian students in Australia", "text": "CHENNAI: Australia has decided to offer additional work options for Indian students to help them tide over the impact of rupee depreciation. They will also be allowed to work unlimited number of hours per week. With the value of rupee falling to a record low against dollar, Indian students studying abroad are being forced to shell out more to meet living costs.A number of Indian students enrolled in postgraduate and doctoral research programmes at Australian universities work as faculty and assist research programmes to meet a part of their living expense. They also work in libraries and laboratories in the universities. The students will now be permitted to work more hours so that they can earn a little extra.\"We are going to provide flexible work options for postgraduate and research students. They will be able to work for an unlimited number of hours per week during their studies,\" David Holly, consul general for South India, Australian consulate in Chennai, told reporters on Friday. Earlier, students could work only limited number of hours because the accepted policy was to allow them to focus more on studies.According to visa statistics, depreciation of rupee has not affected the flow of students to Australia. At present, there are about 70,000 Indian students in Australia. The number touched 1.2 lakh mark in 2009. The number has come down mostly because many vocational courses launched by universities a few years ago have come to an end.Educational consultants welcomed the Australian government's decision. \"Flexible work options is a wonderful and timely offer to our students,\" said Paul Chellakumar, a city-based educational consultant.On Friday, the government of Australian state of Victoria also announced its doctoral scholarship programme for 2013 for Indian students. \"The scholarships are given to 10 students. Of the 10 applicants who were given scholarships for 2012, six were from Tamil Nadu. We thought the programme is going to be a one-off project when we started it last year. But the response has encouraged us to offer it this year also. Students can apply to nine universities in Victoria,\" said Geoffrey Conaghan, commissioner to India and Sri Lanka , the Victoria government. The scholarship includes Australian $90,000 and an additional $90,000 of fee waiver over a three-year period.There has been a 10% increase in number of Indian students in universities in Victoria where nine top universities are located. More that 46% of Indian students in Australia are in Victoria, Conaghan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13716350", "title": "V-C, principal may be jailed for not preventing ragging", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Cases of ragging in any university, college or school may now land vice-chancellors and principals behind bars for six months, according to an ordinance introduced by the Haryana government.According to the ordinance, the vice-chancellor of a university or principal of a college or school may also be fined Rs 25,000. The state Cabinet on Friday approved the ordinance.The government will have to take the consent of the Assembly within six months for the ordinance to be made into a law.Universities will be levied a fine of Rs 5 lakh if it did not comply with government orders on prevention of ragging. Schools and colleges will be fined Rs 2 lakh.The ordinance makes it clear that the vice-chancellor or principal will be responsible for stopping and preventing ragging.\"The head (of the institution) will take all necessary preventive measures to prohibit ragging in educational institution and will ensure that no person practice ragging in any form within or outside the premises of an educational institution and adopt required measures to achieve the object,\" says the ordinance.Besides this, the government has also drafted a series of many Dos and Don'ts for the heads of institutions.Technical and professional institutions will be covered under the newly introduced \"The Haryana Prohibition of Ragging in Educational Institution Ordinance, 2012.\"The government said that the ordinance has been approved to make the schools, colleges, universities and the professional institutions free from social injustice, mental, physical and other kinds of harassment in the form of ragging.\"In a large number of cases, the heads of institutions remain mute spectators to cases of ragging,\" said president of Haryana Federation of University and College Teachers' Organization Pradeep Chauhan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13732462", "title": "Samuvelinte Makkal renamed Lisammayude Veedu", "text": "Even before the movie went on floors, Babu Janardhanan's Samuvelinte Makkal was in the news. A sequel to Lal Jose's Achanuragantha Veedu, it was touted to be a comeback of sorts for Meera Jasmine. While Unni Mukundan was supposed to play the lead, he opted out citing date issues.Now, the director has decided to rename the movie as Lisammayude Veedu . \"Many people whom we contacted suggested a name change and we decided to rename it as Lisammayude Veedu ,\" says the director.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "ara", "code": "13714120", "title": "Brahmeshwar Singh's murder: Bihar braces for retaliatory killings", "text": "ARA: Unidentified gunmen on Friday shot and killed Brahmeshwar Singh, the founder of dreaded upper caste militia Ranvir Sena, just weeks after his acquittal by the Patna High Court in the 1996 Bathani Tola carnage in which 21 Dalits were killed.Singh, aka Mukhiya, who was released from jail in April, was on a morning walk near his Katira home at around 4.30am when, according to an eyewitness, around six armed men carrying sophisticated weapons pumped several bullets into him. Ranvir Sena, a Bhumihar vigilante group, was formed in 1994 in reaction to militant communist parties and Naxalites that included landless labourers, many of them Dalits.Fierce caste wars raged in Bihar intermittently through the 1990s in which Ranvir Sena and Naxalites, both described as a terrorist groups, reduced the state to being called \"the killing fields\". While the Nitish Kumar government would now be bracing for a real possibility of retaliatory killings by the upper caste against their \"social enemies\", the Dalits and Naxalites, the town of Ara gave an indication of the shape of things to come.Angry mob of around 5,000-strong people went berserk and gutted the recently-renovated circuit house. Another lot did not spare even the BDO's office, setting it and at least six cars in its premises on fire. Protesters also damaged railway offices at the Ara railway station and paralysed train movement on the main Howrah-Delhi route.Administration sources fear Mukhiya's murder may lead to fresh violence, especially in nine \"vulnerable\" districts: Gaya, Aurangabad, Jehanabad, Arwal, Bhojpur, Buxar, Rohtas, Kaimur and Patna. These formed the core of Ranvir Sena's underground activities.Chief minister Nitish Kumar, camping at Bhagalpur since Wednesday as part of his Sewa Yatra, said social harmony must be maintained at all cost. He assured stern action against the culprits.The Bihar government had moved the Supreme Court in April against Patna High Court order setting aside the death sentence to three and life imprisonment to 20 others in the 1996 Bathani Tola carnage case, according to SC/ST Welfare Minister Jitan Ram Manjhi.Ara looked deserted under Section 144. But angry supporters of Mukhiya didn't spare even Bhojpur SP M R Nayak and Bihar DGP Abhayanand, who were pushed and shoved. Abhayanand was given a hard shove when he went to meet Singh's family members. The shaken DGP regained his poise soon enough.Addressing reporters at the local Sadar hospital, the DGP said an FIR was lodged against unidentified people for the murder. The forensic experts have taken samples for further investigation. He assured the agitating crowd that the culprit would be arrested soon.Times ViewCold-blooded murders must be condemned in the strongest terms and this one is no exception. That said, the state must recognise that where the criminal justice system fails, the tendency for people to take recourse to extra-legal means will remain high and vigilantism can become the order of the day. Here, the fact that all those accused in the massacre of 21 dalits in Bathani Tola in 1996 have got away, has had a role to play. The challenge for the Bihar government now is to ensure that this killing does not trigger a fresh cycle of caste violence and counter-violence. It must not fail in this task.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13716144", "title": "Paddy season to increase power usage in Haryana, cuts likely", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Increase in demand of power supply to the agricultural sector on the account of paddy season is likely to widen the demand and supply gap, forcing residents across Haryana to sweat more, at least in June.Authorities at the Uttar Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam (UHBVN) and Dakshin Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam (DHBVN) said the four-hour scheduled power cuts shall continue in the domestic sector and while there shall be no power for six hours in the industrial sector.DISCOM managing director Arun Gupta said, \"Electricity cuts cannot be predicted as it all depends on the northern grid frequency.\"Even an additional arrangement of 550MW (around 225 lakh units) per day arranged by the state government and inception of Jharli power plants may not put DISCOMs in comfortable position, confirmed the officials.\"As of now, we have got the demand of 200MW (100 lakh units) against the demand of 100MW supplied last year. Since we don't expect rains this month, the demand can go up to 1000MW (500 lakh units). The Jharli power plant will be operational from next week and the situation will be under control,\"' said Arun Gupta, managing director of the two DISCOMS which supply power to Haryana.Officials said the state supplies 1.000 lakh units of electricity against the total demand of 1,250 lakh units. This excludes 20% line losses recorded by both the distribution companies.Meanwhile, inquiries found that the Khedar power plant, which tripped on Thursday morning, was made functional late on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13726327", "title": "For a 'Nobel' experience", "text": "Ramya Nagarajan, currently pursuing BSc at St Joseph's College, Bangalore, has been selected for the DST-DFG award to participate at the 62nd Lindau Nobel Laureate Meeting, to be held in July in Lindau, GermanyYou don't get to brush shoulders with Nobel laureates every day. But, that is exactly what Ramya Nagarajan is all set to do this July. One of the few undergraduates from amongst 19 selected Indian researchers and young scholars, Nagarajan will be taking part in the 62nd Lindau Nobel Laureate Meeting this year. Lindau has been the venue for the Nobel Laureates meetings since 1951, serving as a connecting point between the Austrian, German and Swedish borders.Every year, the Lindau Council invites Nobel Laureates and young researchers from across the world to interact on the banks of Lake Constance in Germany. This year, too, it will host more than 25 Nobel Laureates and 550 young researchers from July 1 to July 6.This time, the Lindau Meeting is being dedicated to physics. It will be followed by a weeklong study tour by the Indian participants to various German universities and research institutions sponsored by the Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft (DFG), the German Research Foundation.As for Nagarajan, it all started with the pursuit of precision and pattern. As part of the DST-IISc 'Kishore Vaigyanik Protsahan Yojana' (KVPY) scholarship, which she won in 2010, Nagarajan studied the diffraction pattern formed by termite wings. \"Termite wings are commonplace during monsoon. Their wings display an interesting, but not-so-familiar phenomenon. When held up against a source of white light, one can see two orders of beautiful circular spectra being formed.\"Following her work on termites, she was encouraged by her superiors to apply for the Asian Science Camp (ASC) held in South Korea in August 2011. When she got back, she chanced upon some information through a social networking site: 'DST calling for applications to Lindau.'Nagarajan checked out the website of the Department of Science and Technology (DST) and gathered that the science camp was modelled after the Lindau meetings. She adds that she heard from DST in December 2011 and was asked to directly apply to the Lindau Council.\"The application was 12-page long, and it required me to highlight my academic record, projects I had worked on, conferences I had participated in, fellowships and scholarships I had been awarded, etc.\" For the benefit of future applicants, Nagarajan stresses that it is important to fill in the application carefully without missing the minute details. Once she submitted her application, she heard from the council in March this year.What is particularly exciting about the trip? She is looking forward to meeting Douglas D Osheroff, who won the Nobel Prize in 1996 for Physics, and is going to be in Lindau. Apart from the meeting, Nagarajan is looking forward to the DFG sponsored study tour to universities and research institutions. Since she plans to pursue her PhD abroad, she believes that this opportunity will enable her to network with other international students and also expose her to an academic ambience that will help her get an insight into her area of interest.\"Finally, the trip will allow me to understand the various ongoing research initiatives and help me get a holistic perspective, which is likely to help me in my future endeavours,\" she says.How to Apply Interested young researchers need to submit their applications to the appropriate national co-operation partner of the Council and Foundation. Log on to www.new.lindau-nobel.de.axprod.net/Academic_Partners_Nawww.new.lindau-nobel.de.axprod.net/Academic_Partners_Natural_Sciences.AxCMStural_Sciences.AxCMS to find out whom to contactIf the Academic Partner approves of your application, you will be nominated as a potential participant and enter the selection process.All nominees must create a personal profile in an online database. As a nominee, you will receive an automated email containing the link to the database and the login information for your personal profileThe Council workgroup makes the final selection from a pool of Best Talents, examining 1,500 profiles for every Meeting before finally choosing the 500 top applicants to receive an invitation to Lindau", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13711796", "title": "Bihar is country's fastest growing state at 13.1%", "text": "NEW DELHI: Bihar, which was synonymous with poverty, has emerged as the fastest growing state for the second year running, clocking a scorching 13.1% growth in 2011-12. Not just that, on the back of four years of double-digit growth, its economy is now bigger than that of Punjab-until recently the preferred destination of Bihari migrant workers.Among the top five states, Bihar is followed by Delhi and Puducherry. Mineral-rich Chhattisgarh, which many had written off for the violent Naxal movement, and Goa complete the top five growth listings, according to data available with the ministry of statistics.Gujarat-a favoured destination for investors, both domestic and foreign-is again out of the reckoning for the top five slots, expanding 9.1% during the last financial year, according to data submitted to the Planning Commission on Friday. Among the more industrialized states, only Tamil Nadu was ahead of Gujarat with 9.4% growth (at 2004-05 prices).Punjab, known as the grain bowl of India, Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka, both IT hubs, and Uttar Pradesh, the country's most populous state, clocked growth that was lower than India's GDP growth of 6.5% in 2011-12.Economists, however, said that 9% growth by some of the larger states such as Gujarat and Tamil Nadu was credible given that they were growing on a much larger base.In comparison, states such as Bihar and Chhattisgarh had a much lower base. For instance, at 2004-05 prices, economic activity in Tamil Nadu's was estimated at Rs 4.28 lakh crore, the highest among states for which data is available with the Central Statistics Office (CSO), while Bihar's gross state domestic product (GSDP) at 2004-05 prices was estimated at Rs 1.63 lakh crore.In fact, Tamil Nadu beat Uttar Pradesh as the second largest state economy, after Maharashtra. UP's economy was estimated to be worth Rs 4.19 lakh crore in 2011-12, while Maharashtra, for which data is unavailable, is expected to retain its number one slot given that its economy was worth over Rs 7 lakh crore in 2010-11. In recent years, Maharashtra has lost out on investment to states such as Gujarat and Tamil Nadu and growth has slowed.With the Bihar government taking up road building and other construction work in a big way, and with the state's law and order situation improving, consumers who were earlier wary of flaunting their wealth are now buying cars and bikes at an unprecedented pace. Rural demand too has got a boost with agricultural productivity rising for several crops, and with an improvement in connectivity and state-funded programmes for education, health and livelihood. Bihar is currently among the fastest growing markets for tractors.\"There are two things happening in Bihar. One, investment sentiment has picked up largely because of governance issues. Two, Bihar's growth is against a very low base. But there is a lesson in it for others,\" said N R Bhanumurthy, professor at the National Institute of Public Finance &amp; Policy.\"States with internal demand will do better while those that are dependent on corporate demand tend to perform relatively worse at a time when corporate investments are low,\" added Pronab Sen, principal advisor in the Planning Commission and a former chief statistician.Incidentally, data for Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan, which made up what were once the Bimaru states, was unavailable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13716065", "title": "'24X7 safe drinking water in two years'", "text": "PATNA: Urban development and housing minister Prem Kumar on Friday promised 24X7 supply of pure drinking water to Patnaites after 24 months. The department has allotted Rs. 548.83 crore for this purpose.As the mercury is shooting high, Patnaites are facing severe water crisis like previous years. But the minister stated that under the JNNURM scheme, one water treatment plant, 25 tubewells and 72 water towers would be installed to meet the increasing demand of water. The project is likely to be completed by April 1, 2014.A press release issued here said the department has divided the city in north and south circles. Of the 72 wards of Patna Municipal Corporation, 47 falling under the north circle would get a water treatment plant at Digha. The other 25 wards would get water through 25 tubewells. Besides, the department would also lay a new pipeline. Patna, according to 2011 census, has a population of 16,83,200, with 62,500 domestic water supply connections under PMC. According to a survey, the per capita consumption of water is 135 litres per day.Meanwhile, residents of Sardar Patel Marg in Rajendra Nagar, Khagaul Road, BM Das Road and Ramna Road are facing severe water crisis for almost a fortnight now. They are forced to incur additional expenses for buying water from private tankers. The engineers and maintenance workers of Patna Water Board have no idea about leakage in water pipelines, as a result of which water goes waste in many areas. To add to the woes of the people, 18 out of 19 water tanks of the water board are out of order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13729186", "title": "Rihanna to show off comedy skills", "text": "Pop star Rihanna has bagged another film role after making her debut in \"Battleship\". She's starring in Seth Rogen's new comedy \" The End Of The World\".The 24-year-old first put her acting talents to the test playing a tough cadet in the Peter Berg movie and now she's trying her comedy skills for Rogen's movie.Rihanna was spotted shooting scenes with actress Emma Watson in New Orleans, Louisiana Thursday , alongside co-star Jonah Hill , reports contactmusic.com.The Umbrella hitmaker also took to Twitter to drop hints about the project, telling fans, \"Movie time in N.O, all my fav comedians in 1 room! Pure laughs non stop(sic)\"A host of stars including James Franco , Jason Segel , Danny MCBride and Mindy Kaling have signed up to play themselves in the apocalypse-themed film, which is set for release next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13711425", "title": "Ishrat special investigation team star now under investigation", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Dabangg cop of Gujarat, inspector general of police (IGP) Satish Verma is now at the wrong end of an investigation. The state government has formed a special investigation team (SIT) to probe into two police encounters that took place in Porbandar in 1996, when Verma was posted there as the superintendent of police.Only recently, Verma was part of a Gujarat high court appointed team that probed into the Ishrat Jahan fake encounter case. The probe team had branded the encounter as fake and investigation has since been handed over to the CBI.The formation of an SIT to probe the decade-old encounters has raised many eyebrows in the khaki circles of Gujarat. \"This seems to be an eye-for-an-eye syndrome where the state government is looking to get even with Verma, who had played a pro-active role in probing the Ishrat case,\" said a senior police official.The state government, acting on an HC order issued a notification recently in which the formation of the SIT has been announced. The chairman of the SIT is additional director general of police (ADGP) Shivanand Jha. Other members of the SIT are - IGP A K Sharma and J K Bhatt. Superintendent of police Dipen Bhadran and J R Muthaliya have been appointed as the investigating officers.This is the third SIT to be formed to probe into police encounters in the state. Two of the SITs were formed by Gujarat HC while another has been appointed by the Supreme Court.In 1996-97, Jasu Shial was killed in a police encounter, along with two others Ranmal Aher and Narayan Aher, in Porbandar. All three were killed in separate incidents while they were in police custody. A petition was filed in HC by Shial's brother. Prior to this a special civil application was filed by a voluntary organization called Action Committee for Prevention of Police Atrocities.The court, after hearing the petitions, had asked the CID (Crime) to probe into the encounters.The matter will come up for hearing on July 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13714377", "title": "BJP mouthpiece attacks Narendra Modi as 'man in a hurry'", "text": "NEW DELHI: The BJP's cup of woes seemed be brimming over further on Friday with its mouthpiece Kamal Sandesh targeting Gujarat CM Narendra Modi along with former CMs of Rajasthan and Karnataka, Vasundhara Raje Scindia and B S Yeddyurappa, for trying to dictate terms to the leadership.The \"special editorial\" devoted to the just-concluded national executive meet, and coming after L K Advani's open attack on party chief Nitin Gadkari , did not take names. The editorial focused on Modi, in particular, frowning upon the way he forced Gadkari and the latter's RSS mentors to evict Sanjay Joshi. It virtually called Modi a man in a hurry. It cited the example of a train traveller who \"in his rush never pulls out any other traveller\" or \"damages the track or stones the train\".The mouthpiece sought to hammer home the point that the party was superior to individual leaders. \"The system is maintained by those who function in the party. Party does not function on the basis of any individual's contribution alone but on the basis of everyone's contribution,\" it said.It also lamented about certain developments in Karnataka, Gujarat and Rajasthan was almost universally interpreted as a thinly disguised jibe at the three saffron satraps who have used their strength on the ground to resist and beat back central leadership's diktats.The editorial went on to say that an organization will become ineffective if it is forced to yield to \"only my will should be honoured, and no one should command if not me\" (sic).The mouthpiece also struck a note of caution against hubris and notion of invincibility. \"As one understands the latter, his understanding should also elevate. But the irony is that it is always seen that on reaching the top, even after knowing that a day will come when he has to come down, he tries to belittle the ones below him\" (sic).The editorial, which harps on senior leaders turning into careerists, comes after Raje and Yeddyurappa held their own against the central leadership; or those who claimed to be acting on its behalf.In contrast, the troika of stalwarts A B Vajpayee, L K Advani and Murli Manohar Joshi came in for special praise for their selfless service to the organization.The write-up, coming just after Gadkari's outreach to Modi, Yeddyurappa and Raje, appear to be a case of tangled wires. Prabhat Jha , editor of Kamal Sandesh and also the chief of the Madhya Pradesh unit, is an RSS man, and very much at ease with the ruling faction and their RSS backers. However, he is also close to fellow RSS functionary, Sanjay Joshi: something that perhaps explains the angst.With the party in turmoil before what promises to be a decisive generational shake up, loyalties and affiliations appear fluid and free-footed. Thus, Modi who was in the capital for discussions with the Planning Commission, paid a much-publicized visit to the ailing Vajpayee. It was the Gujarat strongman's first \"courtesy call\" in five years on Vajpayee who had famously ticked him off for not observing Rajdharma during the Gujarat riots.Although Modi also called on Advani, his steadfast backer until recently, the engagement was a low-key affair; so much so that it led to speculation whether it was an afterthought meant to balance perceptions.The Gujarat CM's teaming up with Gadkari may have annoyed Advani, as well as the opponents of the party chief. The two form a powerful combination and their patch-up denies openings to those unhappy with the current power balance.Modi amplified the message when he, along with Gadkari, attended the wedding reception of Yeddyurappa's grand-daughter. The event marked a statement of sorts considering that Yeddyurappa has been publicly accusing Advani of being biased for his rival, Ananth Kumar .The RSS leadership as well as Gadkari and his supporters are undaunted by Advani's attack on Thursday. The decision of the party chief to call a meeting of office-bearers at a notice of just about an hour was meant to signal this as well as advertize Advani's isolation. It has also triggered speculation whether the Sangh, to follow through its effort to consolidate Gadkari's position, may nudge Advani to play the mentor rather than the captain.Saffron circles have for sometime been thick with speculation about the Sangh leadership flirting with the idea of an age cut-off for contesting Lok Sabha elections: something which will put Advani out of the reckoning.A senior party leader summed up the mood saying, \"Everyone has a use-by date, and those who do not recognize this cold fact themselves run the risk of irrelevance.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "chitradurga", "code": "13720458", "title": "Dry spell hits Bt cotton crops", "text": "CHITRADURGA: Hundreds of farmers who have sown costly seeds of Bt cotton are in dire straits following a continuous dry spell in the district for over a month. The plants which have reached the flowering stage are beginning to wither as rain continues to elude the district.Many farmers in Rampura, Devasamudra and Jagir Buddenahally area in Molakalmuru taluk have sown seeds of Vibha, Jadoo developed by companies like Nuziveedu Seeds and Mansanto, said Kengegouda, assistant agricultural officer. A packet of 450gm of seeds costs Rs 930. Normally farmers sow seeds in the last week of February or first week of March.Expensive affairFarmers have invested at least Rs 16,000 to Rs 18,000 for fertilizer and another Rs 8,000 for tilling the land. At least one kilogram of seeds is required for an acre of land.The area sown with Bt cotton seeds exceeds 1,700 hectares in Molakalmuru taluk. According to a rough estimate and according to seeds distributors the area sown with Bt cotton exceeds 11,000 hectares in all the six taluks.Farmers in Chitradurga, Challakere, Hiriyur, Holalkere and Hosadurga prefer Kanaka-1 variety developed by Mahyco hybrid seeds co at Ranibennur (Dharawad dist) which also costs Rs 930 per 450 gm. HT Nagareddy, ZP member and a progressive farmer from Jagir buddenahally in Molakalmaru taluk stated that cotton plants in his area have already reached flowering stage.But the plants have started withering away due to less or no moisture in the soil. As such immediate rainfall only could save the crops, he maintained.Crops withering in HosadurgaCrops sown in an area of 8, 879 hectares in Hosadurga taluk have started wilting due to severe heat conditions, opined Hamsaveni assistant agricultural officer (AAO).Speaking to The Times of India, the AAO maintained although the actual rainfall of 115 mm received from end of April till May second week exceeded the expected rainfall of 99.5 mm, the continuous dry spell coupled with severe heat for over three weeks has cast a death blow to crops in their tender age, Hamsaveni maintained.Sowing of green gram exceeds 7,020 hectares and more than expected area of 4,000 hectares, followed by Sesem 2500 hectares, Jowar: 290, Red gram: 114 hectares, Groundnut: 290 hectares, Cotton in 298 hectares, the AAO said. All crops were in their tender age and require rainfall within this week, she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13715414", "title": "Fee protests mark reopening of schools", "text": "CHENNAI: Two schools in the city saw a lot of action and tension as they reopened on Friday as parents and managements were quarelling over the quantum of school fees.Parents of students studying in Doveton Anglo-Indian Higher Secondary School in Vepery and Grace Matriculation School in Kodungaiyur organised a sit-in protest after the schools refused to admit children who didn't pay the fees prescribed by the school and only paid the fee stipulated by the state.Parents alleged that the school did not allow students who paid the fee prescribed by the Justice Ravi Raja Pandian to sit in the classroom along with the other students.\"The school called up the parents of these students and asked them to come and pick up the children as they did not pay the fees prescribed by the school last year. When the parents came, they found the children sitting in a different room. They became very upset over this and wanted to protest against the behaviour of the school management,\" said N Anand, president of the Students' Parents Association of the Doveton Group of Schools.After police personnel intervened, the school management agreed to allow the children to sit in the class from Saturday.S Arumainathan, president of the Federation of Tamil Nadu Students Parents Welfare Association, said, \"These protests have gone on long enough. After drawing up the law to regulate fee collected by private schools, the state has remained silent. Even when officials ask schools to fall in line, their directives are not followed. No action is taken against erring schools. We want an answer from the government and officials of the department of school education. We want to know if school fees will be regulated or not.\"To get a clear direction from the officials, students' parents associations across the state have decided to hold similar protests in front of schools on June 4, when several other private schools in the state are set to reopen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13715468", "title": "Eye on poll, govt reduces impact fee", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In a major sop ahead of assembly polls, the state government has drastically reduced impact fee charged for legalising illegal construction in Gujarat's urban areas. There are an estimated 15 lakh such structures in the state. As per the new norms, impact fee will be charged on ad hoc basis rather then being linked with official assessment of the real estate value, popularly known as jantri. Besides, there will now be uniform rates for all structures - commercial and residential.While announcing the relief, urban development minister Nitin Patel said the decision to link impact fee with jantri rates did not evoke desired response and hence the new fee structure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13716419", "title": "Punjab govt was informed about cases against DGP Saini, CBI tells HC", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Responding to a petition challenging the appointment of Punjab DGP, Sumedh Singh Saini, on grounds of criminal cases pending against him, the CBI on Friday submitted before the Punjab and Haryana high court that it had already informed the Punjab government about the criminal charges faced by Saini.In its detailed reply, CBI submitted, \"The status of the case against Saini was informed to the Punjab government from time to time by the CBI and it is up to them to decide suitability or otherwise of an officer, who is facing trial\".The agency also informed the bench that it has nothing to do in the impugned appointment of Saini as state DGP.Hearing the CBI reply, a division bench headed by acting Chief Justice M M Kumar has asked the Punjab government to file a counter reply on the response filed by the agency.The reply was filed by the premier agency on Friday in response to a PIL by an NGO -- Voice for Freedom -- praying for removal of Saini from DGP's post as he is facing criminal charges in a CBI court in Delhi. The NGO had pleaded that the appointment was in clear violation of apex court directions as well as against the spirit of Punjab Police Act.In its reply filed on Friday, CBI has also informed the status of the trial pending against Saini and other police personnel on charges of abduction with the intention to murder.Challenging Saini's appointment, the petitioner organization through its director, Simranjit Singh, an advocate of high court and a resident of Mohali, had also referred to the recent decision of Karnataka high court, setting aside the appointment of state DGP, holding that the selection process was vitiated since a report on atrocities against women and tribal people by the special task force that he headed was deliberately suppressed from the selection authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13713018", "title": "One killed, two injured in accident", "text": "COIMBATORE: Thirty-five-year-old H Kiran Hema Chandran, hailing from Kadakkavoor in Trivandrum was killed at the L&T; bypass road near Chettipalayam early Friday morning. He was regional head (south) of Times Music, in Bangalore. Two of his friends , B Jaleesh (27) from Kannur and S Shaun (27) from Kochi sustained grievous injuries and have been admitted at a private hospital in Sundarapuram.Police said, Jaleesh works at a marketing firm and Shaun is an architect in Bangalore. The trio was traveling in a car from Bangalore to Kochi. On Friday around 4 am, they reached Neelambur L&T; bypass road near Chettipalayam. When Jaleesh tried to overtake a truck laden with cement bags, he noticed a speeding vehicle coming from the opposite direction. In an attempt to avoid dashing into it he swerved the car which rammed into the rear of the truck.The front portion of the car was completely mangled. Police on patrol on that stretch were alerted. They rushed to the spot and retrieved the trio. Kiran died on the spot due to grievous head injuries. His body was sent to the Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) for post mortem.Kiran's body was handed over to his family on Friday night. Chettipalayam police circle inspector M S Saravanan has registered a case and the investigation is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13720474", "title": "Keep cutoffs a closely guarded secret", "text": "M Radhika, who passed out of Class 12 this year, visited a prominent college in Chennai on Friday to inquire about admission to undergraduate courses. When she reached the counter selling application forms, she was shocked to realise that it might be too late for her. \"I don't think I stand a chance in any of these colleges because others have been quicker to apply,\" Radhika said.What intrigued Radhika the most was the lack of information on cutoffs for admission to various arts and science courses. The college that she went to didn't answer her queries on what were the minimum marks she needed for enrolment in a science course. Instead, \"When I asked about cutoffs, the person at the counter told me to first submit my application form, which he said would be processed and then I would get an SMS and a letter by post,\" she said.The admission process to arts and science colleges in the city has begun, but as usual, students bemoan the lack of transparency in enrolment . Lists of admitted students put up by most colleges only indicate the application numbers of candidates, or their names and application numbers. Unlike, say at Delhi University or the University of Mumbai, where cutoffs are known and merit lists put up in the order of scores attained by students, most well known colleges in Chennai continue to follow opaque methods of admission. \"There is no way for me to find out whether I have scored more marks than those students. It looks like my application will be a shot in the dark,\" said Sai Raman, a BCom aspirant.Of the leading colleges that have put out their first lists, only Ethiraj College for Women has released names of candidates admitted along with their marks and the community to which he or she belongs (to indicate where reservations apply. It has also made available number of seats available in each course.\"We have processed the applications that have reached us and published the first list of candidates. We will continue to issue applications and the second list will be put up next week and the third list after that. Meanwhile , all the candidates would have submitted the applications forms so nobody will be left out,\" said viceprincipal of Ethiraj College for Women Shyamala Karunakaran .Indeed, even the state's guidelines specify that the selection or waiting list must be transparent enough to disclose number of seats sanctioned for a course, the number of seats filled up, number of students selected with their marks listed alongside , number of seats still vacant and particulars of candidates selected under each category - that is, community-wise , differently abled, ex-servicemen , sports quota, etc. This would ensure that a student is able to clearly verify whether he or she stands a chance for admission on the basis of merit.However, this rule is clearly observed more in the breach. Some leading colleges have put up first lists of selected candidates (without indicating marks). Students, who are still applying, are baffled that college managements are putting up such lists before scrutinising all the applications.Academics too agree that it is a worrying trend. \"Some colleges even give spot admissions . When the government issued admission guidelines last week, many colleges had already started issuing application forms and shortlisting candidates. Colleges first fill up a part of their seats, then sort out through the rest of the applications,\" said C Pichandy, general secretary of the Association of University Teachers. Others said the reason colleges started releasing the first list before they received all the applications was because of competition between colleges to get the best candidates.It was around the same time last year that TOI attempted to unravel the mystery of how colleges in the city drew up a rank list without calculating the cutoff marks for each course, like it happens in the rest of the country. A year later, the situation has not changed. Colleges continue to keep the cutoffs a closely guarded secret. In 2011, colleges hid behind the fact that the admission guidelines were issued way after the admission process in most colleges were completed. This year too the state woke up late, but did make the necessary changes in admission guidelines, but the problem persists.Times ViewWhen the admission process is not transparent, students and parents try to find a way out through middlemen and brokers, who claim to wield influence. Leading city colleges have put up notices saying this option should not be considered by parents and that it will not yield results. Still, one sees parents trying to use means both fair and foul to secure their children's future. The only effective way to erase parental and student anxiety with regard to admissions and to root out bribery in arts and science colleges is to follow the single window counselling system, which has been successful in both engineering and medical admissions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13714984", "title": "Rates for water conservation works hiked", "text": "NAGPUR: State government has increased the rates for water conservation works in view of delay in most such works. Due to increase in wages of unskilled workers and diesel the old rates had become unviable and contractors were not meeting deadlines citing losses.A zilla parishad official said that the water conservation department had started several water conservation projects under various state and centrally-sponsored schemes. However, due to various issues these works were not delivering the desired result. The government then constituted a committee under agriculture commissioner for watershed area development in February 2012. The committee after studying the ongoing works came out with a set of recommendations.The committee pointed out that while use of machinery had expedited the works in the beginning now it was proving to be a bane as the contractors were incurring losses. The agriculture commissioner recommended that the rates for works being executed with the help of machinery should be immediately increased.The zilla parishad official further said that the committee identified eight types where rate hike was needed - agricultural tanks, rejuvenation of tanks and ponds, construction of cattle restricting bunds, graded bunding, compartment bunding, paddy pond bunding, field channels and CCT.The technical parameters for these works would however, remain the ones as mentioned in the government resolution (GR) issued on July 16. The new rates are applicable to centrally-sponsored works including Integrated Watershed Management Programme (IWMP), Rashtriya Krishi Vikas Yojana (RKVY), Drought-prone Areas Development Programme (DPAP), National Watershed Development Project for Rainfed Areas (NWDPRA), River Valley Project (RVP) and Integrated Wasteland Development Project (IWDP).The official further said that new rates would not be applicable for the soil and water conservation works being undertaken under employment guarantee schemes (EGSs) of state and central government. \"The payment for works executed till May 2012 will be made as per old rates.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13711590", "title": "Woman held after boyfriend commits suicide", "text": "MUMBAI: A 24-year-old married woman was arrested on Friday after her 20-year-old boyfriend committed suicide allegedly because she forced him to continue with their illicit relationship. Prasant Gangude consumed poison at her house on Wednesday.The woman stays with her husband and daughter in a slum at Khar (E). Gangude, who used to stay in the same neighbour, had been in a relationship with the accused for the past two years, said the police.Gangude was a labourer, while his father is a supervisor in a security agency and his mother worked in a garment factory but left the job recently.Last year the Gangudes shifted to Diva in Thane, but still, the two used to be in touch with each other. The woman would speak to Gangude over phone and often called him over to her home when her husband would be away, said the police. Gangude reportedly wanted to break up with the woman but could not, said his family; his parents alleged the woman had threatened to level false allegations against him if he tried to distance himself from her. So, he was forced to carry on with the affair, the family claimed. According to police, two days before he ended his life, Gangude told his mother that he wanted to marry someone else, but he was too afraid to do so.On Wednesday, the woman called him to her home, where the two reportedly had an argument. While still at her home, he consumed poison, the police said. Alarmed by the woman's cries, her neighbours took Gangude to V N Desai hospital where he died.The youth's family alleged that the woman, who was married, threatened to level false allegations against him if he tried to distance himself from her", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13720010", "title": "Guwahati: Cotton university gets new vice-chancellor", "text": "GUWAHATI: Eminent astrophysicist Dhruba Jyoti Saikia assumed charge as the first vice-chancellor of the Cotton College State University (CCSU) on Friday.After the state assembly in July last year passed a bill to upgrade Cotton College to a state university, there was much speculation over the vice-chancellor's appointment.On the very first day of assuming charge, the astrophysicist - having vast teaching experience in some of the most renowned universities in the world - said recruiting academically accomplished faculty members to attract more students to the university, would be given top priority.\"Students from Assam flock to educational hubs like Delhi. I will give my best to make Cotton College State University the first preference not only for the students of Assam but for students of other states as well,\" Saikia told TOI.The astrophysics scholar from Assam was the director of physical research laboratory at Tata Institute of Fundamental Research before joining as the first vice-chancellor of CCSU.Saikia also has the distinction of serving as a research associate at University of Manchester for three-and-half years between 1986 to 1989. Besides, he also has teaching experience in Queens University, Canada, and CSIRO in Australia.\"Now, I will hold elaborate discussions with the faculty members of Cotton College. We need to work together to make this university a centre of excellence in the field of education. We need to identify the areas where the university will give prime emphasis,\" the vice-chancellor said.Promising to make the new university a vibrant institute of higher education , Saikia said emphasis will be given to increase the scope of quality research at CCSU.Accompanied by principal of Cotton College, Nirada Devi, the vice-chancellor was seen interacting with the students of the Cotton College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13718191", "title": "Do ATMs need steps?", "text": "How is this for a classic Catch-22 situation ? My unfortunate friend who was at the receiving end of it obviously cannot see much humour in it! She had had the misfortune of having been affected by polio as a kid, and has been using such assistive devices as crutches and braces on her legs for most of her life. She continues to gamely try and lead a normal life - having had the fortune of getting married to a good and caring man, and of having found a job in the face of numerous forms of resistance. She goes to work on a three-wheeled scooter - after having mastered the nontrivial mechanics of hobbling on her crutch to her scooter in the parking lot, and getting the scooter moving after having stowed the crutch away, taking care not to fall at any step of the process.Having to negotiate steps (going down or up ) is akin to torture for such people, and steps without any supporting rails on the sides are tanatamount to a blueprint for disaster. To her unalloyed happiness, she discovered that the branch of her bank (Indian Bank ) which was near her home had a 'drive-in ATM'. She lived happily for a while with this lifeline which elevated at least one necessary periodic chore from yet another painful exercise to a pleasant diversion. Then, 'progress and modernization ' struck : her ATM was torn down, and she was told that the headquarters office was moving to her branch, which was being accordingly refurbished. She dashed off a distress mail to the HQO asking them what was to become of her friendly drive-in ATM. To her surprised satisfaction she received a politely worded and prompt response from their IT division head assuring her that the drive-in ATM facility would be restored the minute the new building was ready. Her faith in IT - as well as the human face of commerce - received a nasty blow when the construction was complete, and the old drive-in ATM had been replaced by the unfriendly older model, replete with steps, and the attendant glass swing door was the hair on the camel's back !Unfortunately, this kind of thoughtless idiocy continues to torment the lives of a large number of people, on a daily - and painful - basis. If you want a good laugh, you should peruse the trite solecisms mouthed in the 'National Policy for Persons with Disabilities ' drafted by the ministry of social justice and empowerment of the government of India (see http :// www.disabilityindia.org /nationalpolicyfordisable.cfm ). For instance, the first paragraph announces that : The Constitution of India ensures equality, freedom, justice and dignity of all individuals and implicitly mandates an inclusive society for all including persons with disabilities. In the recent years, there have been vast and positive changes in the perception of the society towards persons with disabilities. It has been realized that a majority of persons with disabilities can lead a better quality of life if they have equal opportunities and effective access to rehabilitation measures.'Vast and positive changes in the perception of the society towards persons with disabilities ' ! Hah ! I would like to see some of these avowed perceptions and realizations (that a majority of persons with disabilities can lead a better quality of life if they have equal opportunities ) manifested, for instance, in an enforced requirement that at least every fifth branch of each nationalized bank should host an ATM with a drive-in facility, and a ramp of acceptable slope in all their ATMs!V S Sunder is a professor of mathematics who incidentally 'works out of a wheelchair' at the Institute of Mathematical Sciences, Chennai. (You can read more about this column in his blog http:// differentstrokes-vss.blogspot.in/) He wishes to use this space to remind people periodically (roughly two Saturdays a month) of the special needs of the differently-abled members of our society", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13736674", "title": "Lady Gaga hits record 25 million mark on Twitter", "text": "Lady Gaga has set a social media record by becoming the first person on Twitter to amass more than 25 million followers.\"25milliontweetymonsters wow! I'm officially feeling like the luckiest girl in the world today. Last sold out show in Singapore in 2 hrs!\" News.com.au quoted her as tweeting from Southeast Asia , where she has been on tour.Seven of the nine most-followed people on Twitter are pop singers: Lady Gaga, Justin Bieber (in second place with nearly 22.9 million followers), Katy Perry, Rihanna, Britney Spears, Shakira and Taylor Swift .The outliers are US President Barack Obama, in seventh place with 17 million followers, and reality TV star Kim Kardashian , who is eighth with 14.8 million, according to twittercounter.com.Lady Gaga had earlier made Twitter history as the first to surpass the 10, 15 and 20 million follower milestones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13729668", "title": "Bohemia set to promote thousand thoughts in Melbourne", "text": "Bohemia is kicking off the official promotion for \" Thousand Thoughts\" in June with his 2012 Australia &amp; New Zealand Tour. The tour marks the Punjabi Rap Star's second visit to the country. The first being the 2010 tour which featured a sold-out event in Melbourne &amp; Sydney. This year also he will go live in Melbourne on 29th June, Sydney on 30th June and Auckland on 7th July 2012.Bohemia will give his Australian fans a very special gift. He will be performing new tracks from 'Thousand Thoughts' live on stage. All fans attending the tour are in for a real treat\".Source: punjabgold.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13714415", "title": "Maharashtra Navnirman Sena writes to CM for full-time municipal commissioner", "text": "NASHIK: The Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) has written to the chief minister to appoint a full-time municipal commissioner in Nashik. Since the past five months, the district collector P Velrasu has been given the additional charge of Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC).The party at the helm of affairs at the civic body has decided to initiate action for the appointment of a full-time municipal commissioner by writing to chief minister Prithiviraj Chavan about it. \"No municipal corporation till date had this situation like ours. Mumbai gets new municipal commissioner within hours, Pune, Pimpri-Chinchwad gets a new municipal commissioner in a day, Nanded within a couple of days. Why is Nashik an exception? We don't have a municipal commissioner since five months,\" said MLA Vasant Gite (MNS).He said that since the district collector has additional charge of the NMC, the functioning of the NMC is not as it should be. On this backdrop, the MNS has written to the chief minister demanding a full-time municipal commissioner.Deputy Mayor Satish Kulkarni said that he had requested the mayor to write to the chief minister about the same. \"In the absence of a commissioner, there is no pressure on the officials to perform,\" said Kulkarni. Doubting foul play he said that there was definitely some political pressure due to which the appointment of full-time municipal commissioner is being delayed. \"It is a shame for Nashik that we don't have a municipal commissioner for five months,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13714016", "title": "Now, Nagpur University forms another panel to probe paper leak", "text": "NAGPUR: In what could be termed as a mockery of the sensational BCCA paper leak episode, first exposed by TOI on April 22, the Nagpur University on Friday constituted another panel to probe whether the paper was actually leaked, after getting flak from the chancellor's office, sources disclosed to TOI.But NU administration had tied the hands of this five-member committee led by senior academician Eknath Kathale as they are supposed to only compare the last two year's results with that of current BCCA (Business Law) results and submit the report whether there was any major difference between them. It was only on this basis NU will decide whether the leak took place or not.The BoE had given all rights to vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal to take a final decision in this regard after the Kathale panel submits its report in its stipulated period of five days. Controller of Examinations (CoE) Siddharth Kane, Commerce dean Bharat Meghe, Board of Studies (BoS) for commerce chairman Milind Patil, and Anant Deshmukh are the other members on the panel.However, sources informed that Sapkal was leaving for Mumbai on Saturday and then catch flight to Germany for a three-week long vacation where he was supposed to attend an international conference on Chemical Engineering - ACHEMA 2012 Congress - at Frankfurt from June 18 to 22. This was clear indication that nearly 3,000 BCCA final year students would have an agonizing wait for another month for their results till the VC returns. Though Sapkal will hand over the charge to Board of College and University (BCUD) director Arvind Chaudhari, but that will only be for \"routine work of the university\" as mentioned in the letter written to Sapkal by chancellor's secretary Vikas Rastogi, the copy of which is in possession of TOI.NU counsel Bhanudas Kulkarni slammed the administration for not taking legal opinion before BoE took the \"wrong decision\" to withdraw FIR. \"It was only on Thursday afternoon I was asked to give the opinion and I straightway told them it was not possible considering cognisable nature of the offence. Thankfully, they have rectified the mistake today,\" he confirmed.Kathale later told media that since the BoE was in two minds whether to declare the results or not, it decided to constitute the new panel to examine last few years results and its valuation and report to VC.Sources stated that some BoE members alleged that all members on Kathale committee belong to Baban Taywade group which allegedly want to put the issue under carpet to save the culprits and who were party to the BoE's decision to withdraw FIR. They demanded that the panel should have been headed by an independent candidate like chancellor's nominee and should have balanced representation. \"Kathale panel will give a clean chit to any such leak as they themselves were forcing that it didn't happen. How can one expect a fair enquiry in this case,\" a member told TOI.Chancellor's office asks VC not to withdraw FIRNU VC and other BoE members led by Taywade continue to invite intense criticism in their so called \"childish\" decision to withdraw the police complaint on paper leak. Even chancellor's office had pulled up Sapkal-led administration for taking such decisions without consulting their lawyers. \"We had informed them that FIR can't be withdrawn and they should take legal opinion and cancel their Wednesday's decision taken in the BoE meet,\" Rastogi told TOI from Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13720130", "title": "He's an energy bank craving for theatres", "text": "At a time when people are not considering theatre as a profession, Srikanta Gundappa chose to be different - he quit his job to promote theatre movement.Attracted to theatre from a young age, Srikanta aspired to do his bit for the performing art. But his work at a nationalized bank didn't allow him much time. However, he managed to pursue theatre in time he could spare. Srikanta quit his job as assistant manager in 2000 to actively involve in theatre promotion. \"I never regret quitting my job. I always had a passion towards theatre, and I'm happy with my involvement in the field,\" says Srikanta, a BCom graduate from the University of Mysore.Srikanta started 'Kalapriya', an amateur theatre group in 1973, and also took to acting. Besides acting in 'Tappisikondiddare', 'Ade Daari' and 'Shraadha', he has also directed plays like 'Ade daari', 'Baduke Kanavarike', and 'Antu Sikkidralla'. \"Only theatre can reach people of all ages and both educated and uneducated people can understand it,\" says the 65-year-old, who was drawn towards theatre by Gubbi Veeranna, the doyen of Kannada theatre.In the early days, Srikanta promoted theatre by writing reviews and previews, \"as the latter helped attracting people towards plays, which in turn encouraged amateur groups\". He staged pro-Kannada street plays during the Gokak movement and acted in over 50 plays. When the amateur theatre groups start working on a production, they consult him.His passion for theatre has led him to collect photographs and articles related to theatre published in newspapers from 1912 to this date. Srikanta has exhibited his collections at various places across the state. He also has a unique collection of veteran actor Rajkumar's photographs and articles published in newspapers. \"I have his collection from his first movie 'Bedara Kannappa' to 'Shabdavedi',\" says Srikanta.He participated in the internationally-acclaimed Peter Brooke theatre workshop involving himself in discussions related to acting, conversations and movements and is a prominent volunteer at the annual international theatre festival 'Bahuroopi' hosted by Rangayana.Srikanta has translated World Theatre Day messages into Kannada on World Theatre Day celebrated on March 27. They are published in a book 'Ranga Sandesha'.His other book 'Jote Kootu Maatu' is about his interviews with 60 theatre personalities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13712478", "title": "Summertime: The living was easy, or so proclaims the Met", "text": "PANAJI: Though the city and its surroundings did not receive any showers at the peak of the summer, it turned out to be one of the few pleasant, or at least less sultry, summers during the last decade.The average day temperature during May was just 33.7 degrees Celsius. The nights were cool, too. As against the normal average minimum temperature of 25.9 degrees Celsius in May, the mercury steadily hovered around 26 degrees Celsius.In comparison, the average day temperature was 1.4 degrees more (35.1) in 2010 while the mean maximum temperature recorded by met department, Altinho during the month in 2011 was 34.1 degrees Celsius.\"The day temperatures were quite normal during May this year,\" K V Singh, director, met department said. A few places including Panaji received some light showers in April (.2mm), but there were no pre-monsoon showers in and around the city. \"Since the year 2003, pre-monsoon rain were being witnessed regularly during the month of May,\" he added.The humidity rose only between 2% to 8% higher than normal on a few days in overcast conditions. \"Even the humidity levels were in the normal range and sometimes below normal,\" Singh said. The normal count of humidity is 75% in the morning and 70% in the evening.The lowest average maximum temperature of 31.6 degrees Celsius was recorded during the month of May 1999. \"On May 21 that year, there was 8 cms of rainfall, which may have cooled the day temperatures,\" Singh said.Earlier this year, though the mercury shot up to 36.3 degrees Celsius on April 22, 2012, its low profile in the usually hot month of May this year surprised many. \"The highest day temperature recorded during the month (May, 2012) was 34.5 degrees Celsius but overall it remained at 34 or below,\" Singh said.The months of March and April were pleasant, too. The average day temperature in March was 32.5 degrees Celsius and 33.9 degrees Celsius in April, 2012.The day temperature of 38.6 degrees Celsius on May 6, 2004 is considered the highest while 37.0 degrees Celsius on May 9, 2008 is considered the second highest.The average day temperatures below 34 degrees were recorded on a few occasions during the last decade. This includes 33.2 in 2001, 34.0 in 2002, 33.3 in 2004, and 32.9 in 2006. In comparison, the higher average maximum temperatures were 34.2 in 2003, 34.2 in 2005, 34.3 in 2007 and 2008, 34.1 in 2011 and 35.1 in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "sardiha", "code": "13713252", "title": "Motorman dies as train hits truck", "text": "SARDIHA: A local train, travelling from Kharagpur to Tatanagar, hit a truck loaded with sand at an unmanned level crossing at West Midnapore's Sardiha on Friday evening.The motorman, A K Pal, was seriously injured and later succumbed to his injuries at Jhargram sub divisional hospital. A medical van was sent to the spot and rescue operations are on.The accident took place at Sardiha's Indrabani area around 7.40pm. A truck carrying sand was crossing the tracks while the train was approaching. \"As the level crossing was unmanned, the train could not stop in time and hit the truck,\" said a source.The driver of the truck and his helper are yet to be traced. It may be noted that the spot is only 5 km from the site where the Jnaneswari Express accident had taken place. As the area is considered a Maoist zone, a huge police team has been sent from Jhargram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13720600", "title": "No nomination for seat of Mayor on Day 2", "text": "KANPUR: As many as 19 candidates including 6 women filed their nomination papers for the seat of corporators in the ongoing civic polls of Kanpur Nagar on the second day on Friday. For key seat of mayor no one filed nomination paper on second day too. However, only one nomination came for the seat of chairman in Shivrajpur nagar panchayat. No one came forward to file his nomination papers at Ghatampur and Bilhour municipal corporation .After two days of nomination only 21 candidates had filed their papers for the seat of corporators in Kanpur Nagar and amongst them 6 were women.Only two women candidates filed their nomination from general class in ward number 36 and 81 respectively while four others were schedule cast and backward class and they offered to contest from ward number 16,78, 95 and 99 .The women candidates are Asha Devi, Preeti Shukla, Chaya Devi,Asha Singh, Janki Verma and Hua Swalehe.Two candidates Susheel Kumar and Shivpal Verma had expressed their desire to contest from ward number 88 by filing their nomination papers otherwise in all other wards only one candidate filed his paper. As many as 575 forms for the seat of corporators were sold today while for mayor's post only five candidates purchased the forms.According to Ghatampur and Bihour tehsils, candidates continued purchasing forms on day two. No one turned up to file his candidature there on second day too.There was rush at Nagar Nigam building as administration had asked all the returning officers to sit there. Though entry was easy in comparison to Thursday but aspiring candidates faced same problems, which they had failed on day one.Several aspirants were roaming here and there to seek no objection certificate in the building. Bhartiya Janta party has declared its candidate for post of Mayor and the contesting candidate is former MP Jagatveer Singh Drone. On the other hand Congress could not finalize the name of its candidate for post of Mayor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13713853", "title": "Gurgaon swelters as outages continue", "text": "GURGAON: The worst-ever power crisis in Gurgaon has virtually paralysed the lives of its residents. With the demand-supply gap widening, the city is facing 8-10 hour power cuts every day. The city's power demand is 1,000MW per day whereas the supply is just 700MW. Meanwhile, the government agencies have claimed that power situation will improve in the next two months.People across Haryana are having sleepless nights as the state is facing a power shortage of almost 1,700MW. Two power-generating units in Yamunanagar district having a capacity of 300MW each are shut. Plants at Khedar and Jhajjar are also not generating power because of some technical snag.Residents complain that about 5-6-hour power cuts affect their entire day's schedule. Diwakar Jain, a resident of Sector 14, said, \"Our day starts with a power cut.\"\"After every hour there is an hour's power cut.We are having 6-8 hour cuts every day,\" said Manish Sharma, a resident of Sector 56. He added: \"Earlier the electricity department at least used to answer our phone calls but now they have stopped doing that as well.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13713261", "title": "Property tax reimposed, 50% off for self-occupiers", "text": "GURGAON: After several delays, Haryana has decided to reimpose property tax in a manner which gives some relief to small house owners who occupy the property, while charging the properties that are on rent or are being used for commercial purposes. For plots up to 250 sq yards, the house tax would be levied at a cost of Re 1 per sq yard. And the new tax assessment formula gives 50% discount to self-occupied houses. The new norms will also bring houses in private colonies under the tax net.On the other hand, houses above 250 sq yards and flats above 500 sq ft would have to pay property tax at a rate which is .000375% of the collector rate for self-occupied houses. For example, earlier, the owner of a 300-sq-yard property in DLF-II had to pay Rs 2.5 per sq yard per month as maintenance charge to the private developer, leading to annual payment of Rs 9,000.Once the new norms are implemented, the same property owner would have to pay Rs 14,000 annually. But if the owner lives in the same house, the tax liability would come down by 50%.But private colony residents are not happy with the new rules. \"The government wants us to pay more than what we are paying to the private developer,\" said Sudhir Kapoor, general secretary of DLF City RWA. Similarly, Gurgaon Citizens' Council, a resident's body, has filed a case in the Supreme Court challenging the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon's move to levy local tax. Chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda , however, said that the new property tax rules would ease the burden on majority of the house owners. As much as 82% of residential properties in the state are less than 250 sq yards. The state has also decided to give 100% rebate to religious properties, orphanages, municipal buildings, cremation/burial grounds, etc. As a populist measure, the state government had in 2010 exempted self-occupied residential buildings from house tax, leading to stoppage of many central grants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13731856", "title": "New Telecom Policy is 'forward looking': Analyst", "text": "MUMBAI: Leading analysts welcomed the new telecom policy, saying it is forward looking as it will not only help consumers but will also aid the troubled operators in the long-term.\"The policy is clearly forward looking for aspects such as increasing broadband usage, increasing rural tele-density, promoting domestic manufacturing,\" KPMG India telecom practises head Romal Shetty said.But for the policy to be effective and growth-conducive, it will need to detail out the aspects such as spectrum management, exit policy, excess 2G spectrum, Shetty said.\"If these issues are clarified and implemented... the telecom market can still continue as a sunrise sector.\"PwC India executive director Sandeep Chaufla said the policy, announced yesterday, is \"forward looking\".\"The plan to provide facilities like full mobile number portability and free roaming are going to give a tremendous boost to the comfort of the public at large and will automatically create a very healthy competition at a competitive price from all the stakeholders in the sector,\" Chaufla said.He added that the policy promotes state-of-the-art technologies like cloud computing , next generation network IPV6 and also the convergence of network services and devices.National Telecom Policy-2012 aims to do away with roaming charges, introduces a national mobile permit that will enable operators offer all communication services under one licence, allow operators to share and trade spectrum and facilitate consolidation in the sector that has over a dozen players now.Announcing the new policy, Union Minister Kapil Sibal said the Cabinet has made five changes to the new rules he had unveiled last October. The key change is that under the new policy, spectrum will be refarmed, a move that has been bitterly opposed by incumbent GSM operators.However, the new policy does not speak about conditions of refarming, issues on spectrum pricing, participation by operators in the auction, etc.Significantly, the new policy has omitted a controversial clause in the draft version which said revenue generation will continue to be a secondary objective of the government, and instead states that affordability and availability of effective communication will be core objectives of the policy, which will replace the over-a-decade-old NTP-99.\"Doing away with the roaming charges will enormously help the subscribers as they don't have to pay higher charges, apart from offering them the flexibility to have the same number anywhere in the country and will have more focused retention schemes from operators,\" Shetty of KPMG said.For the operators this will have a negative impact on revenues and may have higher churn, but on the positive side the volume of minutes should go up significantly, Shetty said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13712487", "title": "Goa's second medical college likely at Margao district hospital", "text": "MARGAO: The state government is considering setting up a medical college to be housed in the 500-bed district hospital under construction in the commercial capital, Margao.\"The proposal will be placed for discussion in the July session of the state assembly before seeking the approval of the Medical Council of India,\" health minister Laxmikant Parsekar told mediapersons on Friday in the presence of the chief minister Manohar Parrikar .Parrikar, earlier, chaired a meeting with senior government officials where he reviewed work on the mega projects of the government under construction in Margao - the district hospital, South Goa collectorate and the KTC bus stand. Vasco MLA Carlos Almeida, district collector N D Agarwal were among those present for the meeting.Stating the district hospital has been designed to have a capacity of 800 beds, Parrikar said that as 500 beds will be sufficient to cater to the needs of the district, the remaining space could be utilized to set up a medical college with an admission capacity of 100 students. \"As per MCI guidelines, the hospital needs to have a 500-bed capacity for every 100 students admitted into the college. The infrastructural facilities made available at the hospital will meet the requirements of the MCI for the medical college,\" Parrikar said.Parrikar said that while the hospital is likely to be completed by December 2012, the medical college will start functioning by September 2013 if all goes well.Stating that there was a great demand for qualified nurses in Goa, Parsekar disclosed government's intent of starting a nursing council in the state.As regards the new collectorate building, Parrikar hinted that the plans will undergo a change to curtail the \"extravagant\" manner in which the building is being constructed. TOI had earlier reported that Parrikar was not too happy with the provision for a helipad and election counting rooms in the building. Stating that the space will be put to optimum use, Parrikar said that all revenue-related offices will be shifted to the new building once completed, as against the original plan to have the entire building complex to house all the district administration offices itself.The 135 crore project is likely to be completed by October, 2012. As regards, the new KTC bus stand, Parrikar said the financial viability and \"transparency\" of the project will be reviewed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "13716599", "title": "Irrigation project brings cheer to Rayagada villagers", "text": "KORAPUT: Residents of Jirigumma, under Kasipur block in Rayagada district, who were working as daily wage earners and were doing small cultivation work, have found a new lease of life after a minor irrigation project was set up in their village recently.Now most of them have now taken up agriculture as the main source of livelihood.The irrigation project, constructed at an estimated cost of Rs 20 lakh under the Centre-sponsored Integrated Acton Plan (IAP), meant for Maoist-hit districts, in the financial year 2011-2012, is benefiting the farmers immensely.\"Earlier, we used to grow nothing except ragi due to absence of irrigation facility. We usually depended on rain water for cultivation and in lean seasons used to engage ourselves as labourers. But now we can fully concentrated on agriculture as we get water round the year,\" said Prassana Naik, a Jirigumma farmer.Situated at a distance of about 80 km from the district headquarters town of Rayagada, Jirigumma is home to at least 130 tribal families. Earlier, they had to migrate to other areas in search of work, unable to undertake cultivation round the year due to insufficient water supply.\"Each year, villagers use to spent much time and money in constructing temporary channels to bring in rain water from the hill point to their fields. But the construction of the dam has changed their lives completely. Now they get water round the year and the project is contributing to improve their economy,\" said executive engineer of the irrigation project (Rayagada) P K Padhi.With a canal length of about 2 km, presently around 40 hectares of land is covered under the irrigation system. The facility now allows villagers to cultivate a variety of crops, including vegetables. Their yield has increased exponentially from 22 to 50 quintal of paddy per hectare.\"We used to go to urban areas in search of work despite having our own cultivable land because of non-availability of water round the year. But after completion of the irrigation project we have been growing vegetables and other crops throughout the year, which has enhanced our economic condition,\" said Suri Majhi, another villager.\"Given the geographical location of Kasipur, where no big irrigation project can be constructed, we have undertaken several minor irrigation projects under the IAP for the benefit of the tribal farmers,\" said Rayagada collector Nitin Bhanudas Jawle.With an aim of augmenting development schemes in as many as 60 districts of the country affected by Left wing extremism, the central government provided an annual grant of Rs 30 crore under the IAP in the financial year 2011-12. The programme was launched in December 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13719752", "title": "State Bank of India donates mobility aid to the disabled", "text": "GUWAHATI: The State Bank of India has extended its corporate social responsibility arm by donating mobility aids and other implements like tricycles, wheel chairs, static cycles, crutches, walkers and hearing aids to 40 physically and mentally handicapped people through Theosophical Order of Service (TOS), a non-profit philanthropic organization of Assam and Arunachal Pradesh.The bank also distributed school kits and uniforms to economically backward and poor students studying in schools run by the TOS.Vishnu Saran Sinha, assistant general manager, public relation and community services banking department, SBI, north eastern circle handed over the donated items to the beneficiaries during the annual general conference of TOS held on May 30 at Bishnu Nirmala Bhawan in the city in presence of Narendra Singh, chief manager of west Guwahati branch, office bearers of TOS and a large gathering.The assistant general manager said, \"Apart from normal banking activities, SBI is also active in assisting and helping those in need through sponsorships and donations under its various community services programmes for the region.\"The organization was identified by SBI for their noble and charitable activities and services for the needy, and weaker sections of the society, especially the physically handicapped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13713864", "title": "VJD rain rule failed to impress mandarins at the International Cricket Council", "text": "KOCHI: The VJD rain rule, a proposed alternative to the Duckworth/Lewis method, failed to impress the mandarins at the International Cricket Council's cricket committee. After a two-day meeting at Lord's on Friday, the ICC decided to continue with D/L as the \"preferred method of calculating target scores in reduced limited-over cricket\".The brain behind the VJD rule, V Jayadevan, the Thrissur-based engineer with Kerala Engineering and Research Institute at Peechi and a Chennai IIT-alumnus, however, remains unfazed. \"I'll keep following it up but will need both monetary and manpower help. No less than the legendary Sunil Gavaskar and ICC general manager, Dave Richardson, have supported me all these years,\" he told TOI.Jayadevan felt that had he been given a chance to make a presentation before the committee, he might have had a better chance of convincing them. He also said that ICC could have tried out his system for under-19 tournaments or women's cricket. \"I repeat that the D/L method is full of flaws. The ICC, without addressing the issues I raised, instead trashed my system,\" he said.Gavaskar, in a column on Wednesday, defended the system, saying it had been used in India's domestic cricket for the past five years and had shown itself to be better than the D/L method. He also said that when an expert who has evaluated both methods sits on the cricket committee it could lead to a more accurate assessment.The ICC panel headed by Clive Lloyd unanimously agreed there was no evidence of any serious flaws in the D/L method.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13715813", "title": "Residents oppose ASI takeover of temple", "text": "CHENNAI: One would expect residents of a town to take pride in ancient structures in their locality being declared as monuments of national importance. That is not the case of the 14th century Sthalasayana Perumal Temple in Mamallapuram.Sensing that the declaration of the temple as a monument of national importance would mean stringent curbs and even complete ban on construction of new buildings or repair of existing ancestral structures in Mamallapuram, residents have been flooding the Archaeological Survey of India's sub-office in Mamallapuram and Circle office at Fort St George in Chennai with petitions against the move.Mamallapuram, lying some 60 km from Chennai, on the East Coast Road (ECR) is already a World Heritage Site, and new buildings are not easy to construct. As per the Ancient Monuments and Archaeological Sites and Remains Amendment Act, 2010, no construction or repair work is allowed within 100 metres of the monument as it is a prohibited area. Within 200 metres of the 'regulated area', repair or alteration of buildings can be done only with the approval of the National Monuments Authority (NMA).The ASI maintains 32 monuments in Mamallapuram, including Arjuna's Penance, Shore Temple, Five Rathas and Tiger Cave. But this ancient Perumal temple was never under the ASI, as it was being maintained by the state government's Hindu Religious and Charitable Endowments (HR&CE;) Department since Independence.On May 20, the ASI issued a public notice inviting objections, if any, on the union government's intention to declare the ancient temple as a monument of national importance under Section 4 of the Ancient Monuments and Archaeological Sites and Remains Act, 1958. \"As the temple is rich in architectural excellence of the Pallavas and also located within the world heritage site, we want to declare it as a monument of national importance. Objections can be given in writing within two months from the date of the notice,\" said an ASI official.The public mood against the Centre's proposal was reflected when the Mamallapuram town panchayat, in its monthly council meeting in May, passed a resolution against the proposed take over of the temple by the ASI. \"Almost entire town is already reeling under a complete ban on constructions and repairs. Taking over the temple will enable the ASI to bring the entire town under its fold. We oppose it,\" said M Devandran, chairman, Mamallapuram town panchayat.At present, Tamil Nadu has five world heritage sites, including the Brahadeeswara Temple in Thanjavur and Mamallapuram .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13717154", "title": "India one of the best markets: SEBI chief", "text": "RANCHI: Chairman of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) U K Sinha on Friday said investors need not worry because of falling Sensex or poor growth in GDP.\"Indian market is one of the best in the world and it gives compounding annual return at the rate of 15.5%. No one should worry about the return on investment. I would definitely suggest that it should be for long term which is not affected much by daily fluctuations of the market,\" said Sinha who was here to take part in a seminar organized jointly by the Sebi, Bombay Stock Exchange and the Central Depository Services Limited.Referring to poor growth in the GDP, he said the basics were very strong and this was just a temporary phenomenon.\"The market will recover from this crisis and no one should be worried about poor growth of GDP and rupee touching the lowest point against dollar. I say so because even after the poor DGP growth, we have good flow in foreign direct investment (FDI) and also foreign institutional investors (FII),\" Sinha said adding that good flow of FDI and FII indicated that the Indian market was not in a very bad shape as it appeared.He, however, declined to fix a deadline for recovery of the market or the possibility of Sensex touching all time record low in the days to come. \"It will not be correct for me to set a deadline as it is against ethics. I would definitely say that investment for longer period will always be profitable,\" he said.At the same time, he warned the investors not to put entire amount in stocks and mutual funds. \"My suggestion to the investors will be to only the surplus fund in the market and make maximum benefit. I feel that when foreign investors are making benefit by pumping money in the Indian market, our own people should not miss the opportunity,\" said Sinha.The 1976 batch Bihar cadre IAS officer, who has also headed UIT Mutual Fund before taking over as the SEBI chairman, also had a suggestion for young investors. \"I should not be judgmental on society but yet I say that Indian families are disintegrating and one should invest for the future,\" said Sinha while addressing people present in the packed conference hall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13713628", "title": "Haryana forest official's case: Minister didn't help whistleblower", "text": "NEW DELHI: Documents revealed under RTI show that minister of personnel and training V Narayanasamy argued that the Union government could not intervene when a central service officer complained of and sought inquiry into corruption in the state where he was posted, or claimed victimization.Writing to the PMO in the case of the \"whistleblower\" Haryana forest officer Sanjiv Chaturvedi who had sought a central probe into a forestry scam in the state, Narayanasamy contradicted the recommendations of the Central Bureau of Investigation , Central Vigilance Commission, earlier orders of the home ministry and the department of personnel and training (under his charge) and the environment ministry.Narayanasamy's contention disapproving an inquiry by the environment ministry into alleged forest scams in Haryana, as well as Chaturvedi's complaints of harassment by the state government for blowing the lid on these illegalities, are part of the confidential note sent to the PMO by the DoPT.The note, which has come handy for Haryana authorities, reached the state government without the environment ministry, which asked for a CBI probe into the forest scam, getting to know about it.Haryana has since used the 'confidential report' in its defence, presenting it to defend the state government's position against a CBI inquiry, and to deny relief to Chaturvedi. The CVC had said the official was under possible threat and needed to be protected.Narayanasamy wrote in his recommendation, \"The charges leveled by Shri Sanjiv Chaturvedi primarily fall within the jurisdiction of the state government and hence, the central government is not competent to order an inquiry into a representation received from the member of service working in connection with the affairs of the state... therefore, institution of an inquiry in the matter by the ministry of environment and forests was ultra-vires of their powers and hence devoid of any force of law.\"He then ordered, \"Para 2 and 3 (referring to his views) may be suitably incorporated in the reply proposed to be sent to the PMO.\" The note sent to the PMO advised that the Centre was not competent to intervene in particular cases of central service officers posted in states but could only draw policy decisions.RTI documents show that unlike what Narayanasamy advised, the home ministry and the DoPT has in the past acted upon other cases of 'presidential memorials'. The home ministry had accepted two out of 11 received by it over six years from IPS officers. Chaturvedi had also used the same route, writing a 'presidential memorial' to the central government on the corruption cases and his harassment.The CBI and CVC recommended investigation into the cases Chaturvedi had raised. The environment ministry agreed to the advice and also quashed the charge-sheets the state government had made against Chaturvedi, expunging the adverse comments from his confidential report.While the environment ministry, CBI and CVC continue to stick to their stand and want investigation into the matter by the central agency, the state continues to deny the need for one and the PMO has now asked the environment ministry to tell what future action it plans to take on the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13712269", "title": "Gang attacks police informer at home", "text": "MUMBAI: A police informer escaped an attempt on his life in the wee hours of Thursday when a gang of five armed men barged into his Nalasopara home and fired two rounds at him. The assailants are yet to be traced.Javed Shaikh (26), who runs a poultry shop in Gass village, Nalasopara (W), was fast asleep in Takiya chawl, Takhipada, when the men broke open the main door of his house around 3am on Thursday. His wife Zubaida and children Sahil and Firdaus were also sleeping in the room.The men-identified as Shammo, Mottu, Babloo, Altaf and Chintu-hit Shaikh on his head with beer bottles. Shaikh tried to flee and the assailants targeted Sahil who had woken up. When Shaikh pleaded with the men to spare his son, they let go of him and fired two rounds at Shaikh. The bullets missed Shaikh. The assailants then fled leaving the pistol behind.According to the Nalasopara police, two months ago, Shaikh had tipped off the Vasai railway police about a gang of train robbers, which included Shammo and Mottu. On the basis of this information, the two were arrested by the railway police. The two had threatened to take revenge for their arrest. They were recently released on bail.One of Shaikh's employees, Saif, came to their rescue and was also assaulted. The police have registered a case of attempt to murder. Shaikh has sought police protection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "13712343", "title": "Kirit Somaiya wants probe into Ashok Gehlot\u2019s role", "text": "JODHPUR: The BJP national secretary and chairman of the corruption expose committee of the party Kirit Somaiya demanded action against chief minister Ashok Gehlot, PCC president Chandrabhan and the CBI officials who implicated Rajendra Rathore in Dara Singh encounter case.He said that in spite of the district court first and then the session court saying that he was falsely implicated in the case, and also the solicitor general admitting that Rathore didn't not seem to have any role in the case the CBI implicated him by the direction of these Congress leaders.While addressing a press conference here, Somaiya said that the BJP will go to the court and also to the National Human Rights Commission for implicating him intentionally and harassing him mentally for three years and then forcing him into the jail for two months. Terming the CBI as the Congress Bureau of Investigation, Somaiya said that both Gehlot and Chandrabhan went to the extent of declaring him a murderer and also tried to drag Vasundhara Raje in the case. \"We demand that both be brought under the purview of investigation and testified for their role in the case,\" Somaiya demanded. He also alleged that Gehlot facilitated Kalpataru Group of Mofat Raj Munot in carrying out the defence land scams in Jodhpur, Pune and Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13715464", "title": "Traffic cops shirking work neglecting duties to be fined", "text": "PUNE: Traffic personnel who are caught neglecting their duties would, henceforth, have to pay fines.Taking cognizance of citizens' suggestion that traffic police personnel should be present at junctions and not at any remote corner, deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Vishwas Pandhre has decided to impose fines on constables and officers found neglecting their duties.Pandhre also said traffic personnel should not be seen working in groups and they should be present at all sides of a junction.Speaking at a citizens' traffic meeting at the Cantonment police station on Friday, Pandhre said his department will keep a track of the duties of the staff. Citizens, he said, can also call up the traffic control room (26122000, or SMS to 8888004455), to report any instance of traffic cops not performing their duties.A fine of Rs 500 will be imposed on traffic constables and Rs 200 on officers found neglecting their duties, he said.Citizens pressed for strict action against those found overspeeding, driving rash or drunk. \"Crossing roads is a big problem for pedestrians, especially senior citizens,\" said A P Verma, a citizen.Other issues discussed at the meeting were on double parking on M G Road, motorists driving on wrong side, large scale encroachments on roads and footpaths in Cantonment area, encroachments on cycle track on BRTS routes, and need for signages and lane markings on main roads.Citizens said timers should be installed at more traffic signals and that parking rates at malls should be reduced.Pandhre said lack of proper road infrastructure and pedestrian facilities are the major factors causing traffic problems. He said schools should provide volunteers and teachers to help students cross the roads safely.Saturday's meeting to discuss traffic issues about Pimpri Chinchwad will be held at Meghaji Lokhande hall at Pimpri at 5.30pm on Saturday. The zone IV meeting to discuss traffic issues of Wanowrie, Hadapsar, Airport, Mundhwa, Kondhwa, Khadki, Vishrantwadi, Yerwada and other areas will be held at Turf Club, Race Course Wanowrie at 5.30pm on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13717507", "title": "Probe sought into JSEB work allotment to BHEL", "text": "RANCHI: The Jharkhand Vikas Morcha-Prajatantrik (JVM-P) on Friday demanded a probe by a high-powered committee into the alleged irregularities in allotment of work to the Bharat Heavy Electrical Limited (BHEL) by the Jharkhand State Electricity Board (JSEB).A delegation of the party will meet governor Syed Ahmed on Saturday and submit a memorandum with relevant documents which proves that the JSEB has not followed the rules while allotting work to the BHEL.Party general secretary Pradeep Yadav said recently the JSEB awarded maintenance work for the Sikidiri Hydel Power Project to the BHEL with an estimate prepared by the engineers violating the rules.\"We have documentary evidence that the JSEB engineers had prepared a project report according to which the total cost of renovation would have been around Rs 2.6 crore. The JSEB management turned down the project report and gave the work to BHEL which would cost the state exchequer around Rs 24 crore,\" Yadav said adding that the party smelt foul and demanded a probe by a high-powered committee.The JVM-P leader said the JSEB had allotted the same work to the BHEL in 2005 for Rs 65 lakh. \"In the past seven years, the amount should not exceed Rs 2-3 crore,\" he said adding that since chief minister Arjun Munda was in-charge of state energy department , the matter became even more serious.Yadav claimed that the JSEB management violated the guidelines set by the Central Vigilance Commission while giving advance to any company. \"The guidelines of CVC permit only 10% advance and that too after taking a bank guarantee of 110%. The JSEB did not take any bank guarantee from the BHEL,\" said Yadav adding that the delegation would hand over the documents to the governor and request him to order the state government to constitute the committee for inquiry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13712526", "title": "Keep off the sea, Goa govt warns", "text": "PANAJI: The state government has cautioned visitors to beaches, particularly tourists, not to venture into the sea to avoid untoward incidents as the sea is rough and dangerous for swimming during the monsoon.All hoteliers and tourist guides are requested to advise their guests not to venture into the sea by display of suitable placards, billboards and distributing leaflets, etc.As regards water sports, the permission granted by the Captain of Ports for plying sports vessels within the State of Goa has come to an end. Therefore, all water sports operators plying their vessels in Goa are directed by the government to stop their operations immediately.Anybody found violating the terms and conditions of the licence issued by the Captain of Ports shall be banned henceforth from conducting any form of water sports related activities in the State of Goa and the vessel shall be confiscated and auctioned.In case of emergency the following numbers may be contacted Police-100/2428482 (North), 100/2705094 (South); Coast Guard - 2531718/2520584; Ambulance-108; Drishti Special Response Services Pvt Ltd (Life Guard Services) - 2276987 (North), 2780599 (South).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13715574", "title": "Online fraud: Cops seek complaints from investors", "text": "CHENNAI: Suspecting multi-million online money fraud, the Economic Offences Wing (EOW) of CID police have sought information from public and depositors about four persons who mobilized funds promising high returns. Police have identified four people - A Prabhu, B Prabhu, Ajayraj and Saravanan - as key suspects and said they had floated a company called Wing Techno in Thirumangalam, Chennai and launched a website too.In the website - work2sms.in - they have announced several schemes, including a scheme promising Rs 500 as daily returns for a deposit of Rs 1 lakh, subject to a maximum of Rs 15,000. They mentioned that the scheme will be valid for a period of 60 months and the investor would get Rs 9 lakh.They collected several lakhs of rupees and then stopped responding to queries from depositors. The investors were shocked to see the office locked and the website defunct. Based on complaints from depositors, EOW officials registered a case and launched a manhunt for the promoters of the company. They are still absconding.Police have so far received more than 12 complaints. They are expecting more depositors to approach them with similar grievances in the coming days.Investors can approach the inspector of police, R Subburaj, at C-48, Tamil Nadu Housing Board Building, III floor, Second Avenue, Anna Nagar, Chennai - 40 and lodge their complaints.The EOW has also issued a press release, requesting depositors and the general public to forward any information regarding the whereabouts of the accused persons. Police promised suitable reward to those whose information help them nab the suspects. The officials can be contacted on 044-2622 0332, 94451 18002.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13712263", "title": "17 persons hurt in group clash", "text": "ALLAHABAD: At least 17 persons sustained injuries when two rival groups came at loggerheads over a petty dispute in Katka village under Jhunsi police station, here on Friday. The condition of three injured persons was stated to be critical who are undergoing treatment at Beli and SRN hospital.The injured persons were identified as Bhanu Pratap, Ram Nath, Rajesh Yadav, Jaswant, Dushwant, Balwant, Mohit, Rohit, Ramesh Chandra and Asarfi Lal, residents of Katka village.Station officer, Jhunsi, Ram Naresh Yadav told TOI that two rival groups led by Bhanu Pratap and Ramesh Chandra came face to face over the issue of digging a drain and making out a common street on public land.The duo groups first exchanged heated arguments and the scene went wrong when they attacked each other with sticks and iron roads.Before the police could reach the spot, a total of 17 persons sustained injuries and were taken to nearby hospitals for treatment. The condition of three injured persons was stated to be critical who were later admitted at Beli and SRN hospital for treatment. Police have been investigating the case. No arrest has been made so far in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "13731994", "title": "Twitter expects $1bn in revenue in 2014", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Twitter expects to generate at least $1 billion in sales in 2014, two people with knowledge of the matter said, indicating that the blogging service will grow about twice as fast as some analysts now predict.Twitter based the forecasts on expected advertising demand, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the numbers are private. The San Francisco-based company could change or miss the forecasts, the people said.Demand for advertising aimed at Twitter's more than 140 million users is benefiting the company. Researchers at EMarketer have said that in 2014, Twitter will reach $540 million in ad sales, which make up virtually all of its revenue, up from $139.5 million last year. Even so, it will take Twitter longer to generate $1 billion than bigger competitors Facebook and Google.\"The marketers who have used Twitter's advertising opportunities have been pleased,\" said Nate Elliott, an analyst with Forrester Research in New York . \"Twitter's going to be able to push forward and continue to make more money from it.\"Google crossed the $1 billion threshold five years after its founding, while Facebook, which sold shares in an initial public offering last month, achieved that goal six years after it got started. Founded in 2006, Twitter will be eight years old in 2014.Overseas expansion Twitter has stepped up a campaign to induce marketers to devote more of their ad budgets to its service, which lets users post messages of no more than 140 characters to followers. Twitter, which unveiled its first ad offering in 2010, started a self-service platform this year to reach more small businesses. It also recently expanded mobile-ad services.Companies need to spend money on Twitter to ensure their messages are seen, said Jeremiah Owyang , an analyst at San Mateo , California-based Altimeter Group. \"Because all of the brands are jumping in and spewing content, there's a deafening noise. So, the one way to cut across that is to advertise and make your content shine higher.\"Under Chief Executive Officer Dick Costolo , Twitter is also working to expand internationally, including in Japan, to lessen its reliance on the US market. The percentage of revenue Twitter earns from the US will fall to 83 per cent in 2014 from about 90 per cent this year, researcher EMarketer estimated in January.Management stability He is also aiming to bring stability to management after a series of shifts at the top. Costolo was promoted to CEO in 2010, taking over for Evan Williams , a co-founder. The next year, another co-founder, Jack Dorsey, became executive chairman of the company and head of product development.Dorsey, who had been replaced as CEO by Williams in 2008, splits his time between Twitter and his duties as CEO of Square, the mobile-payments provider he co-founded in 2009.While the company's ad service may be improving, EMarketer in September reduced its estimates for revenue because of slowness in rolling out the self-serve ad platform that was announced earlier this year. EMarketer had earlier predicted revenue of $150 million instead of $139.5 million. Gabriel Stricker, a spokesman for Twitter, declined to comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13712176", "title": "IITs revolt on joint engineering test, will take Union HRD ministry to court", "text": "NEW DELHI: Opinion is growing against the Union human resource development (HRD) ministry's decision to introduce a common engineering test for central engineering institutions including IITs, NITs and IIITs with the IIT alumni on Friday deciding to move court against it.Faculty members from IIT Kanpur are also planning to boycott the institute's convocation ceremony on Saturday as a mark of protest. While efforts have been made by the faculty federations to seek an appointment with the PM to explain their opposition to the common exam, the HRD ministry is seeking to engage the faculty members.In a meeting on Friday of alumni members and faculty members, it was decided to file PILs against the common exam proposal within a week. \"The IIT alumni will file PILs in various high courts within a week. The members felt that efforts should be done to get a hearing at the earliest and demand that the common test be postponed to 2014,\" said Somnath Bharti, IIT Delhi alumni association president.Sources in IIT Kanpur said there was a sense of dissatisfaction that the HRD ministry had not heeded the faculty's concerns before announcing the decision.Therefore, there is a plan to boycott the convocation ceremony on Saturday. A senior faculty member from IIT Kanpur said, \"Although all faculty members are upset with the decision, some will attend the convocation because it's an important occasion for the students.\"All India IIT Faculty Federation secretary A K Mittal said, \"People across IITs are concerned and agitated at the ministry's decision. We have written to the PM opposing the decision and will seek time from him.\"The main points of contention between the faculty members and the ministry include the weightage given to class XII board exams for shortlisting candidates and the lack of complete control over the IIT exam. There are 15 IITs with about 10,000 seats in the country. At the root of the debate is the elite status of these tech institutes, and clubbing them with IIITs and NITs is seen as pulling down the centres of excellence to the level of ordinariness.HRD ministry sources said that efforts were being to ensure that the matter does not go to the courts. A senior official said, \"The ministry has over a period of two years held lengthy consultations and tried to accommodate all the concerns raised by the various stakeholders.\"Ministry sources said that the IITs are geared for conducting exams for 5-6 lakh students but the numbers would increase to 20 lakh with the common test. \"We have even said that IITs will be able to direct the agency that conducts the test,\" the source said, pointing out that the concerns being raised had been dealt with through several rounds of discussions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13712999", "title": "Help desk, Delhi University radio to field applicants\u2019 queries", "text": "NEW DELHI: Though there will be no counsellors to help students at the post offices selling and receiving Delhi University application forms from Monday, DU officials plan to set up a help desk on North Campus. Student counsellors, especially trained for the job, will man the help desk at the Conference Centre from Monday. Representatives of all the eight colleges that will stock the forms met the dean of students' welfare on Friday to work out the details of the process. They assured that the applicants will be provided help and guidance when they come for buying or submitting the forms in colleges.\"Candidates facing any problem can seek guidance at the help desk, which will be available every day during the admission process. Our trained student counsellors will be there to help them,\" said J M Khurana, dean, students' welfare. Conference Centre is also one of the 10 venues in DU where forms will be available from June 4 to 18. \"We have also briefed the college authorities. They normally have teaching staff around to help students during submission of forms,\" he added. According to DU officials, it was not feasible to set up help desks at the 12 post offices as the entire process will be handled by the existing staff there.DU has seven student counsellors to support the newcomers. \"We have adequately trained them and they will be able to guide the applicants on courses, colleges and the right way to fill up the forms. We have seen in the past that candidates have a lot of doubts and they can direct their questions to DU's community radio also,\" said a senior DU official. He added that volunteers from the community radio will be available in the field from Monday to take questions from the aspirants. \"They will in turn direct the queries to experts on community radio. They have already been receiving a number of calls on admissions,\" said the official.DU's new information centre is also receiving as many as 5,000 calls a day, which explains why callers can get through only after repeated attempts. Six executives and 10 interns from the department of adult education have been attending calls, which are increasing by the day.\"We have 10 phone lines which are available from 9am to 5pm. We have been getting calls from all over the country including Jammu and Kashmir, Ladakh, Gangtok, and Kerala,\" said Satish Kumar, in-charge, University Information Centre.Information Centre: 155215, 011-27006900", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13715331", "title": "Metal scrap melting units face action", "text": "PUNE: Five metal scrap melting units in Pune district were pulled up by the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB) for letting out toxic fumes hazardous to health.The board carried out an inspection of these units in March and issued them show-cause notices for violating various provisions of the Water (prevention and control of pollution) Act, 1974, and the Air (prevention and control of pollution) Act, 1981.While all the five units are located at Dhanore village in Khed taluka, the action was taken by previous regional officer P K Mirashe, said Anil Mohekar, who took charge as regional officer, MPCB, on May 9.\"Pollution control devices, such as a fume extraction system and scrubber, that wash unwanted pollutants from a gas stream were either missing or working inadequately at these units, and this was causing air pollution in the vicinity,\" Mohekar told TOI on Friday.Fume extraction system and scrubber are installed to capture the fumes and unburnt particles of material generated during melting. These fumes, if inhaled, are hazardous to health. Inhaling even a small amount of fume can cause respiratory diseases. \"The devices also filter hazardous particles and gases, which would otherwise be pumped into the outside environment causing pollution,\" Mohekar said.Among the erring units, the one located on Alandi-Markal road had an inadequately functioning fume extraction system. Besides, the secondary fume extraction system and wet scrubber were also not working. Due to this, fumes were let out through factory shed. Water sprinkler was also not in use for dust suppression, thereby causing air pollution in nearby areas, Mohekar said.Another erring unit in village Dhanore also had an improperly functioning fume extraction system. The unit did not have a dust collector for controlling air emissions from the melting furnace, thereby polluting the air in the vicinity. This was a violation of various environmental enactment.The common stack provided for the furnaces at the unit in village Solu, Khed taluka, was at an inadequate height.Similarly, the stack height provided for the boiler was found inadequate at another erring unit on Alandi-Markal road in Khed taluka.The inspection carried out at another unit in Khed taluka found that neither a scrubber was provided to the smelting furnace nor an air pollution control arrangements were provided at melting section.\"Besides, the unit had installed one additional furnace without consent from the board, which is again a violation of environment enactment,\" Mohekar said.Pollution errors* All five industrial units located at Dhanore village in Khed taluka* The unit on Alandi-Markal road had an inadequately functioning fume extraction system* Another unit, too, had an improperly functioning fume extraction system. It did not have a dust collector for controlling air emissions from the melting furnace, causing air pollution in the vicinity* A unit in village Solu had the common stack provided for the furnaces at an inadequate height* The stack height for the boiler was inadequate at a fourth unit* The fifth one neither had a scrubber not an air pollution control arrangements", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13712202", "title": "AC system trips on Jaipur train", "text": "MUMBAI: Passengers of the Mumbai Central-Jaipur Supertfast Express had a scare after the AC system \"tripped\" in a coach. A passenger said, \"The incident happened in B-4 coach at 8.30pm and the train had to make an unscheduled stop at Dahanu Road.A WR spokesperson said, \"There was no smoke but the AC system had tripped. It was fixed in 10 minutes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "13717436", "title": "Maoist leader produced in court 2 days after arrest", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Hazaribag police on Friday produced CPI (Maoist) zonal commander Navin Manjhi (37) before the media and the court, two days after his arrest. Police claimed that they were not sure of the rebel's identity for which they had been non-committal about his arrest.Manjhi, a member of the Bihar-Jharkhand North Chhattisgarh special area Committee (BJNCSAC), is wanted in 110 Naxalite-related cases in Jharkhand in addition to the cases in other states like Chhattisgarh, West Bengal and Bihar.Hazaribag SP Pankaj Khamboj said acting on a tip-off about Manjhi's presence in Bokaro and Hazaribag and that he was holding a training camp for recruiting tribal youths in the outfit, a joint team of district police and CRPF's 22nd batallion was constituted. \"Finally he was caught in Dumar Singha village on May 29. Continuing the search operation, the police team arrested his wife Gita alias Sangeeta alias Manisha from a thatched house in Dhaneri Parsateri and seized a sophisticated brief case from which Rs 3.82 lakh, one foreign made cellphone and some documents and clothes besides some medicines.\" After interrogation for three days, Manjhi finally broke down on Thursday and revealed his real identity to him.Manjhi has admitted that he used to move between Chhattishgarh and Jhumra and Hazaribag to reorganize new groups for strengthening the organization. Of late, another group led by Ajay Mahto, a dreaded zonal commander, was trying to exploit the former which was opposed by him. He said many activists left the organization for jobs in Mumbai and Punjab because of the differences.\"Manjhi was so frustrated that he wanted to surrender to the police,\" Khamboj said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13713622", "title": "Narendra Modi slams UPA for economic slowdown", "text": "NEW DELHI: Gujarat CM Narendra Modi seized upon the opportunity of the slowest GDP growth in nine years, slamming UPA for slowdown and accusing it for \"policy paralysis\" and \"lack of direction\" that has hit the economy hard.\"The Prime Minister had boasted of 7% growth at the Pravasi Bhartiya Divas function in Jaipur a few months ago. He reiterated the same in the Rajya Sabha in March,\" Modi said.\"But the Centre did not have any inkling of the upcoming problems. It only got to know yesterday how steep the fall was,\" Gujarat CM said, when asked to comment on GDP growth slipping to 6.5% in 2011-12, which is the worst in nine years.Gujarat CM said the effects of slow growth rate would be felt over a long period.\"There is a fall in the GDP. The rupee has weakened. Inflation is on the rise. These are the three indicators that show that the entire economy is in a shambles,\" he added.Modi's fired salvo at the Centre after his meeting with deputy chairman of Planning Commission Montek Singh Ahluwalia who approved Rs 51,000 crore annual plan outlay for Gujarat for the current fiscal.The Commission asked the BJP-ruled state to improve its track record in social developments like sex ratio and malnutrition, but Modi contested the Plan panel's data on various social indicators for the state. He said there is discrepancy in the Centre's data.Though Ahluwalia admitted that the state has been registering a robust economic growth in double digits, he pointed out lack of progress on social issues. The human development indicators were not matching the pace of economic growth, he said.The Commission has suggested that the state needs to take necessary steps to tackle the problem of adverse child sex ratio and malnutrition. However, Gujarat CM said, \"We were able to achieve reduction of four points in Infant Mortality Rate (IMR) in a single year in 2010 and the current rate is 44 per 1,000 live births\". He said reducing IMR to 30 by 2015 is an important goal for the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13714135", "title": "Kerala State Electricity Board to lay underground power cables after monsoon", "text": "KOZHIKODE: With the KSEB giving the nod for implementing the second phase of the Restructured Accelerated Power Development and Reforms Programme (R-APDRP), the work of laying underground cables in 286-km stretch included in it is expected to begin after the monsoon.In the Rs 45-cr first phase of the project, underground cables were laid in 50 wards of the old corporation limit.The Rs 160-cr second phase will benefit consumers in 13 electrical sections in Kozhikode division, eight in Feroke and two in Balussery. A district-level monitoring committee headed by collector K V Mohan Kumar will monitor the work.A total of 600 ring main units (RMU) will be laid under ring main project, one of the components of the part- B package of R-APDRP.The project envisages reducing both technical and commercial losses. The loss reduction targeted is for a period of five years.Technical losses occur on account of overloading of feeders and transformers, aging of conductors, poor low tension and high tension ratio, poor voltage regulation and low power factor. Commercial losses come about because of unmetered consumers being billed on assessment basis, defective meters, tampering with meters and theft of energy. The project aims to bring down the aggregate technical and commercial (AT&C;) loss in Kozhikode from the current 23.6% to 15%.For improving system reliability, work for implementing supervisory control and data acquisition (SCADA) has also been incorporated in the project. Specially designed RMU mechanism will ensure power supply in case a transformer in the line stops functioning.Bipin Sankar, executive engineer, construction division of APDRP, said the project would reduce overloading of feeders and transformers, and improve efficiency in distribution of power.Tender has been floated for the project, and last date for submission of bid is July 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13713631", "title": "Power supply to get affected in 24 sectors", "text": "NOIDA: Power supply would remain suspended to more than two dozen sectors in the city of Noida from 9am to 7pm on Saturday due to maintenance work by Paschimanchal Vidyut Vitaran Nigam Limited (PVVNL). Transmission would remain closed for all consumers who are supplied power from the 220KV substation in Sector 20. Parts of Noida that would be affected are Sectors 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 12, 15, 16, 19, 20, 21, 25, 26, 27, 31, 32, 33, 34, 36, 39, Naya Bans, Harola and Nithari. The transmission company will replace the 40MVA transformer in the substation with a 63MVA transformer.Electricity supply is being severely affected in the district as the power distribution companies in the twin cities do not have adequate infrastructure for smooth transmission. Officials, though, have been stating that the continuous increase in population has widened the gap between demand and supply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13737342", "title": "121 tankers deployed to supply water in Pune", "text": "PUNE: The Pune district administration has initiated additional measures to tackle water scarcity.As many as 121 tankers have been deployed to meet daily demand for drinking water in about 94 villages and over 520 hutment colonies located in district's rural parts. A population of about 70,000 is dependent on water tankers to meet drinking water needs.District collector Vikas Deshmukh said that the situation is being monitored on day-to-day basis. Groundwater has gone down in some parts due to lack of rainfall during withdrawal phase of monsoon last year. The drinking water sources are dried due to which residents are totally dependent on supply of water through tankers. Additional efforts are being put to tackle the scarcity and strengthen supply of water in scarcity-hit areas.As many as 7 temporary water supply schemes have been sanctioned, of which 5 have been made operational in last one month. Besides this, about 31 tap-water supply schemes that were non-functional due to technical faults, have been made operational.The administration, also, has started work for about 71 borewells that are being dug near scarcity-hit areas. Highest priority is being given to meet drinking water demand.Deshmukh said that the administration has taken up works of small irrigation projects under the implementation of Maharashtra Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MREGS) in all 13 talukas in Pune district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13712268", "title": "Gates Foundation may fund Pune institute", "text": "PUNE: To strengthen the war against polio, the Bill &amp; Melinda Gates Foundation may tie up with the Pune-based Serum Institute to develop injectable polio vaccines. This was revealed by Serum Institute's Dr Cyrus Poonawalla after Microsoft founder Bill Gates visited his company's plant in Hadapsar near Pune on Thursday.Gates, who appreciated how quickly Serum had increased the capacity at its bio-pharma centre, told reporters that the company had deeply influenced the vaccine world. \"The world is dependent on the quality vaccine that Serum produces,\" he said, adding that he would like to see new blocks in the vast Hadapsar campus producing vaccines for malaria, HIV, etc, in the future.Gates said there is a need for cost-effective vaccines against various infectious diseases. \"The foundation is interested in several new products developed at the Serum Institute. I would love to see more on vaccine research,\" he said.At present, The Global Alliance for Vaccine and Immunization (GAVI), the Gates Foundation and Serum Institute are partners in several ongoing immunization programmes around the world. The institute exports vaccines for GAVI projects while the Gates Foundation funds clinical trials, said PoonThe two had threatened to take revenge for their arrest. They were recently released on bail.awalla.\"At present, the injectable polio vaccine is the only vaccine missing from our basket of vaccines,\" said Poonawalla about seeking further funding from the Gates Foundation for the development of the new vaccine. Gates's visit is a historic moment for the institute, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13712409", "title": "Important to give the new coach time: Chhetri", "text": "MUMBAI: Indian captain Sunil Chhetri on Friday stressed the need to hand the national team coach a long term if the team is to show improvement on the international scene. In the city to present corporate sports event management company, Saran Sports with the Limca Book of Records certificate for the longest running corporate soccer tournament.AIFF has zeroed in on former Dutch international Wim Koevermans to take over as the chief coach of the Indian football team for a two-year term, ending more than a year's search for a full-fledged occupant for the top job.\"The longer you keep a family together, the happier they are. We welcome the new coach and will, like always, give our 100% to the team. It's very important to give whoever is in charge a decent amount of time.\"You could bring Pep Guardiola or even Jose Mourhino but they wouldn't be able to change anything in two months,\" said the Mohun Bagan striker who is recovering from an injury.He also voiced the need to play more international matches if India is to improve their dismal FIFA ranking. \"We have to make sure we are playing internationals on FIFA match days where every country is playing someone, somewhere in the world,\" he said.Chhetri desired that Indian footballers are not overburdened by taking part in a number of domestic tournaments, aside from the important ones, and pointed out that top international players are not made to do so in other countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13716448", "title": "Pronounced guilty for murder, 3 men escape from court", "text": "PUNE: Three out of seven accused, who were pronounced guilty in the murder of fast-food stall vendor Harshal Thike in 2010, escaped from the district and sessions court here on Friday afternoon even before the quantum of sentence was announced. Shockingly, only a lone policeman was present in the court during the sentencing. Additional sessions judge O P Jaiswal later handed life imprisonment to the seven men and issued non-bailable warrants for the three who fled.Surprisingly, even the police official in-charge of court duty came to know of the incident almost an hour after the escape.The incident rattled the top police brass and a massive search was launched for the three men - Mitilesh Kamble, Vijay Dhamdhere and Mayur Malusare.The other four accused - Pratik Dolas, Mayur Bacchav, Raj Sonawane and Sachin Dolas - were taken into custody and sent to Yerawada central jail. The seven accused, who were on bail, appeared before the judge around 12.30 pm. When the judge pronounced them guilty and ordered them to sit in the dock for the quantum of sentence, three of them fled the courtroom.The Bhosari police had arrested the seven men for Thike's murder at Alandi road in Bhosari on April 26, 2010. The accused had killed Thike with sharp weapons and a stone over an earlier dispute. An eighth accused, Bunty Bhalerao, has been absconding since the incident. The Bombay high court had directed the Pune court to expedite the trial while releasing the accused on bail in June last year.Deputy commissioner of police (zone III) Dnyaneshwar Chavan told TOI that police teams have been sent to various places to nab the accused. \"We will arrest them soon,\" he said.The lone policeman in the court, Dattatraya Nanaware of the Bhosari police station, said the prosecution had instructed him to secure the presence of sufficient policemen while taking custody of the accused. However, the three accused escaped before the policemen could reach the court, he said.Inspector Pandurang Shahane, in-charge of maintaining security in the court, told TOI that he learnt of the escape from lawyers only around 1.30 pm.He said the court duty policemen responsible for taking the accused into custody did not inform him about the incident till late in the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13713599", "title": "Shibani Kashyap wants to sing in Malayalam", "text": "KOCHI: From being a performer at the International Barbie Doll birthday party celebrations to being the official endorser for Gibson guitar in India, singer Shibani Kashyap has come a long way.Coming to Kerala for a show at JTPac on Saturday is an emotional roller-coaster ride, admits this Delhi lass.\"Kerala actually witnessed my struggling days. Most of the shoot for my first break, 'Ho Gayi Hai Mohabbat', (1998) was in Kochi and Alappuzha. Hence I have a special connect with this state,\" she told TOI over phone.Shibani, who has been garnering attention in Kannada and Tamil film industry, is yet to get a foothold in Malayalam film industry. \"I have not been able to sing in Malayalam yet. Yes, I would like to associate more with the industry here,\" said Shibani who is a graduate in English from the Delhi University .She moved to Mumbai a couple of years back to further her musical career.And her unique voice helped her bag many offers. Shibani is currently with a newly-formed band, 'Soujourn'.But life hasn't been a cake walk. \"You can't depend solely on Bollywood for a career in music. I have been able to create a niche for myself, as I am associated with music beyond Bollywood,\" she said.Shibani has been able to add a bit of oomph on stage from the beginning of her career.\"Look at the Western singers - they look great and fit, and each has his/her identity. Indian music industry too is looking up to such images now. Gone are the days when people had to just sing, or play an instrument in order to sell records,\" she added in a matter-of-fact manner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13715355", "title": "Conference to develop vision for Pune: Nationalist Congress Party", "text": "PUNE: The ruling Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) has planned a major show titled 'India Municipal Vision 2020' which will see participation of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC), private players and civic chiefs from various cities who are coming together to discuss civic development.Speaking to reporters on Thursday, mayor Vaishali Bankar said, \"As many as 50 municipal commissioners from across the country as well as experts on garbage , transport, environment, among others, will attend the two-day conference starting on Tuesday. There will be major exhibitions by industrial players to display their products that could help civic projects.\"Sunil Bankar, former corporator and the mayor's husband, said, \"This is our idea. We wanted to bring all civic chiefs on to one platform. The civic body will be benefited by the conference, which will help develop a vision for Pune.\"The Bankars said that private companies would be shouldering the expenses and the PMC would not have to put in any funds for the event.Asked why the PMC should be involved in such an event and how citizens would benefit from the conference, Sunil Bankar said, \"Such conferences help create vision. We are confident that after this conference, things will change in Pune. We have already identified a foreign company which has developed a technology to treat sewage water at a reasonable price.\"Asked about the deteriorating basic civic infrastructure - like insufficient footpaths, water scarcity and pathetic public transport - in the city, the mayor said, \"We are trying our best to improve things, but it cannot happen in a day.\"Meanwhile, the two-day conference starting on Tuesday will be inaugurated by deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar in the presence of Bhaskar Jadhav, minister of the state for urban development department (UDD). Interestingly, the organisers have not invited chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, who holds the all-important UDD portfolio, for the conference.The conference will discuss the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission, urban development, climate change, green technology along with other urban development issues. Inauguration of the conference will take place at the Balgandharva Rangmandir at 10 am on Tuesday and the panel discussions will be held at the Marriot hotel on Senapati Bapat road.'Clearing of footpaths a continuous process'Mayor Vaishali Bankar has said that the clearing of footpaths in the city is a continuous process. \"The work is still going on. We are making efforts to ensure that encroachments are not back after being removed,\" she said.On April 9, state additional chief secretary (UDD) TC Benjamin had directed the civic body to repair all footpaths and clear encroachments within a month. His letter to municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak said the poor condition of footpaths in the city was forcing pedestrians to walk on roads, thereby putting their safety in jeopardy. The UDD had observed that several footpaths were dug up for utility services and not repaired thereafter. The letter also directed the PMC to hold ward officers responsible for the condition of footpaths.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13719490", "title": "Thursday bandh: Rs 350 crore go down the drain", "text": "INDORE: As Thursday's Bharat bandh brought trading and various business activities in the city to a standstill, many traders believe that the loss might have been to the tune of Rs 350 crore.Though some of the shops remained closed throughout the day, others opened it after 5pm.Sushil Sureka, general secretary, Ahilya Chamber of Commerce and Industry, said we feel that total loss incurred by the traders due to bandh is at Rs 350 crore.Gaurav Pahwa, director, Lotus chain of electronics goods, having its eight branches in Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh , said \"Normally we serve thousands of customers a day, so the loss due to the bandh can easily be guessed. Though we opened our outlets at 7 pm, there was no significant footfall. It is not just that we sell our products but we also provide various kinds of services to them which may include repair of electronics goods and inquiries about the forthcoming products and services.Tanmay Patni, store manager, Big Bazar, said we have incurred a loss of nearly Rs 4 lakh as the footfall registered on Thursday at my outlet was merely half of the normal 4,000 that we register on a daily basis on an average. The only respite was when my outlet was reopened at 5.30 pm, he said.Pankaj Mirchandani, director, G Sachanand, a chain of garment stores in Indore, said he had closed all his three stores during the day. \"We register a walk-in of around 1,000 customers on a normal business day. But, as the entire chain was closed, we did not get even a single customer,\" he said.Naeem Khan , manager, Pakiza chain of retail outlets, said \"We have got five outlets in the region, including one in Ujjain and we normally get a walk-in of around 7,000 customers altogether. So, we might have incurred a loss of Rs 50 lakh on the day,\" Khan said.Pintu Chhabra, MD, C-21, said \"The shops at my two malls in the city would have faced a loss of up to Rs 2 crore.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13718530", "title": "Teacher recruitment scam: Samwartak Singh, Jolly grilled in Delhi", "text": "Former Chandigarh DPI (schools) Samwartak Singh and the teacher recruitment scam \"mastermind\", Jolly, were grilled for more than five hours in CBI headquarters, Delhi, on Thursday. They were questioned separately as well as together by a team led by SSP M C Sahni. Another accused Hardev Singh was quizzed on May 30. His recorded statement was tallied with that of Samwartak and Jolly. The CBI spokesperson, R K Gaur, confirmed the development and said both had appeared before the investigative agency around 11.30am.The Delhi CBI had registered a case of cheating, forgery and under Prevention of Corruption (PC) Act, 1988, against Jolly, Hardev and other officials of Chandigarh education department on May 27. A senior CBI officer said, \"It is premature to comment on the involvement of other senior IAS officers posted at Chandigarh at the time when the scam had come to light in 2009.\" But the officer hinted at the possibility of summoning some of the former UT officers or recording their statements in their present offices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13714153", "title": "Maharashtra to make vandals pay for bandh mischief", "text": "MUMBAI: Vandals may have had a field day on the day of the Bharat Bandh on Thursday, but a harsh monetary reality could await them. Three years ago, the Bombay High Court pushed the state government to make vandals pay for the damage they caused to public property. The result was changes to the law that would make political parties and persons responsible for the damage they caused.In 2009, the HC was hearing a PIL filed by former Mumbai police chief Julio Ribeiro seeking action against vandals. The Maharashtra government the same year amended the Bombay Police Act to make protesters indulging in violence pay for the damage. The special provision in the law empowered the district magistrate to fix the liability on vandals.The highest fine so far recovered has been Rs 7.8 lakh from a Shiv Sena activist, who led an attack on a five-star hotel on January 21, 2009. MNS workers were ordered to shell out Rs 57,000 for vandalizing the office of the registrar of the University of Mumbai on January 22 the same year. MNS and Samajwadi Party workers were ordered to pay Rs 2,000 and Rs 12,000 respectively for damage caused during protests on November 9, 2009. The state penalized supporters of Narayan Rane Rs 4,300 for an attack on the office of a Marathi daily.While being prompt in this regard because of monitoring by the HC, the state is yet to implement guidelines suggested by the Supreme Court to deal with vandals. This includes recommendations that police should record every protest and book mischief-mongers who indulge in violence. On Thursday, police made an attempt to follow this directive.A report prepared on HC orders had recommended that political leaders who call for an agitation should be liable to be prosecuted and those seen indulging in violence in footage should be presumed as offenders; the onus is on them to prove innocence.A proposal to make political parties pay a security deposit if they call for a bandh is still awaiting sanction by the state, among other proposals. These include appointing a claims commissioner to decide on the liability for damage to public and private property. The report asked for every police car to be equipped with a video camera and videographers to be employed during demonstrations.Paying up* District magistrate can invite claims from persons for damage to property or death caused during agitations or protests* In case of a pre-planned protest, the political party or person leading the protest could be held liable for damages* District magistrate will calculate the damages after viewing video recordings and press photos* In case the fine is not paid, proceedings can be initiated to recover the money as property arrears and the state can even attach propertyCost of violence* Rs 57,000 recovered from MNS workers for vandalizing the office of the registrar of the University of Mumbai on Jan 22, 2009* Rs 7.8 lakh paid by a Shiv Sena activist for leading an attack on a five-star hotel on Jan 21, 2009* Rs 4,300 to be paid by supporters of Congress minister Narayan Rane for an attack on the office of a Marathi daily on Jan 22, 2009* Rs 12,000 worth of damage caused during protests by Samajwadi Party workers on November 9* Rs 2,000 worth of damage caused by MNS workers during a protest on November 9Times ViewThe court is right in saying that those who damage property in the course of protests or agitations must be made to pay for it. This should apply to both public and private property. The right to protest is fundamental, but that can't degenerate into vandalism. Where the individuals responsible for the damage can be identified, they must bear the costs, but very often in mob situations that would be difficult. In such cases, those leading the agitating mobs must be identified and held responsible for the damage. This will encourage a more responsible approach to political agitations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13712589", "title": "Ravindra Bhavan toilets in Margao not functioning", "text": "MARGAO: Members of the public visiting Ravindra Bhavan in Fatorda are facing hardships as some of the bathrooms are not in working condition.Although a few days ago all the bathrooms could not be used, now the situation has improved and a few are functioning.While the management of Ravindra Bhavan stated that the matter was under control and that they were looking into the complaints, many of the visitors are not pleased with the state of affairs.Signboards had been put up against the bathroom doors prohibiting the public from using the same.Recently while several programmes, including a book release, a play and other such events were being held, members of the public had a very tough time and vented their fury on the security guards.\"Some of these popular plays usually manage to bring in a big crowd and if this is proclaimed to be an international venue then this is a shame,\" said Clinton Furtado while speaking to TOI.The management of Ravindra Bhavan, who confirmed the development, chose to play down the issue and said that some of the bathrooms were in use and that the others were out of order as they were choked.Pratap Gaonkar, who is the manager of the auditoriums, stated that the bathrooms were choked due to the dumping of chewing gum, chocolate wrappers, tissues, cigarette buds and that cleaning of the same was currently underway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13712298", "title": "Revenue increased by 15% in 2010-11: CAG", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The report of Comptroller and Auditor General of India on the state Finances of Government of Uttar Pradesh for the year 2010-11 says that the revenue receipts increased by 15% during 2010-11 over the preceding year mainly due to 21% increase in tax revenues and 37% increase in share of union taxes.Presenting the report on Friday, Principal Accountant General(PAG) UP and Uttarakhand, Mukesh P Singh said that he arrears of revenue as on March 31, 2011 amounted to Rs 17,195 crore.The cost of collection of major revenue receipts during 2010-11 in the state was over one and half times the all India average. He said that revenue expenditure increased by 20% ie Rs 18,302 crore while plan expenditure increased by Rs 5,338 crore (34%) over the previous year and non-plan expenditure increased by Rs 12,964 crore (18%).However, the fiscal priority given to development, social and education sectors was not adequate in 2010-11, as their ratio to aggregate expenditure was less than the general Category States Average except education which was marginally higher.Besides this there has been an increasing trend in generation of state's own revenue all along the period 2006-11.Tax revenue Gross State Domestic Product (GSDP) ratio remained constant around seven percent and non tax revenue GSDP ratio substantially decreased from 2.77 percent in 2009 -10 to 1.90 percent in 2010-11.The sharp decrease in non tax revenues GSDP ratio during 2010-11 was mainly due to decrease under miscellaneous general services.He informed that as per the report, the fiscal position of the state has shown improvement in 2010-11. Though, the revenue surplus reduced by Rs 3,539 crore, fiscal deficit has reduced to 2.93% of GSDP during 2010-11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13713601", "title": "'Team' to start fast from July 25 without 'Anna Hazare'", "text": "NAGPUR: After last December's protest for Lokpal Bill fizzled out, Team Anna is regrouping for a bigger show and on a different issue. From July 25, Team Anna members will go on an indefinite fast if no action is taken till then on the corruption charges levelled at the prime minister along with 14 other union ministers. However, for a change - Anna will not fast.The protests will be led this time by core team members Arvind Kejriwal and Manish Sisodiya, who had come under attack from detractors for putting Anna's health on the line each time a fast was organized. The protests in Delhi are aimed at hitting two birds with one stone - Kejriwal and Co can get the message across that they too can lead by example and IAC will move into limelight yet again with a new issue.Sources within the IAC also say that repeated protests for bringing a stronger Lokpal Bill might have become a case of 'overkill', hence changing the issue will certainly help. However, concerns are being raised about Kejriwal's health already as he is a diabetic. Ajay Sanghi, city coordinator for IAC, said, \"with his medical condition, fasting is out of the question but still the man is giving it everything he has. I am aware that detractors always question why Kejriwal and Bedi don't fast, but still it is a bit too much to ask.\"While Anna will be present at the protest site, he will not fast himself. His close aide Suresh Pathare did not respond to calls but had tweeted earlier that 'some members of Team Anna will sit on fast from July 25'.In Nagpur too plans are afoot to hold indefinite fast in support. Sanghi said, \"We will inform our volunteers to prepare for the July 25 protests and also chalk out a strategy for the same. Our members too will go on an indefinite fast but we are yet to work out the modalities.\" The IAC local chapter is currently giving final touches to its single day protest scheduled for June 3 in support of Ramdev Baba's agitation in Delhi. Sanghi said, \"We will be holding our protest at RBI Square and everyone is welcome to join. This is a people's movement and is growing in popularity because everyone is becoming aware of the increasing corruption and inability of those in power to deal with it.\"IAC Nagpur released a statement saying, \"people want both Ramdev and Anna to be together in this fight against corruption. This will be visible both in Delhi where Anna will be on Ramdev's dais and elsewhere where Ramdev supporters and Anna Hazare supporters will be seen together.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13712922", "title": "Party 'organizer' gets bail, told to report to police every 15 days", "text": "MUMBAI: A special court on Friday granted bail to Vishay Handa who was arrested under various sections of Narcotics and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) Act for allegedly organizing a rave party at Oakwood Premier in Juhu on May 20.Special judge I M Bohari granted bail to Handa (31) on a cash surety of Rs 5 lakh and directed him to submit his passport, not tamper with evidence and report to the police every 15 days.Handa has been custody since May 21 when he was arrested for renting out the rooftop of the service apartments for the alleged rave party and his involvement in organizing it. He was booked under various sections of the NDPS Act after the police allegedly found cocaine at the venue.The bail application was filed by Handa's lawyer Satish Maneshinde. While the police claim that Handa is the director of Oakwood Premier, Maneshinde refuted this saying his client is the director of Zillion Hotel which owns the premises on which Oakwood Premier stands. \"He is no way concerned with the management of the business affairs of Oakwood which assumes the sole responsibility for the maintenance, upkeep and daily administration of the service apartments,\" the application reads. Maneshinde argued that Handa was in no way involved in organizing party. Event management group Designer Hippies had organized the party, Maneshinde claimed.He further said that Handa was being made a scapegoat by the police and cannot be held vicariously liable for acts of others who attended the party. \"No incriminating contraband drugs or any material were recovered at Handa's instance or his person,\" Maneshinde said.According to the bail application, Handa was detained along with others on the night of the party. He was allowed to leave after his blood and urine samples were taken and he executed a personal bond at the police station. He was asked to come to the police station at 4.30pm on May 21 to sign some papers and subsequently arrested.Opposing the bail plea, public prosecutor Kiran Raikar said that investigation was on and the results of medical tests were yet to come in. On May 20, the police raided the party and allegedly recovered 110 gm of cocaine, 64 gm of charas and Ecstasy MDMA tablets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13712238", "title": "Bharat Swabhiman Andolan in Ahmedabad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: As a part of the Bharat Swabhiman Andolan, supporters of Yoga Guru Ramdev will assemble on June 3 at a farm house of C K Patel, an NRI and a BJP member. Baba Ramdev had announced nationwide protests on Sunday against black money stashed away by Indians abroad and corruption in the government.A token of protest will take place in all state capitals and in 650 districts across the country simultaneously with the one at Jantar Mantar in New Delhi. tnnThe protest in Ahmedabad will be led by Bhartiya Swabhiman trust Gujarat president Shishipal. It will begin at 10 am and end in the evening.Shishipal talking to reporters said that the one day project will begin at 10 in the morning and will end in the evening. He said that the programme is against black money and the corruption of the Union Government.He said that according to an estimate about 400 lakh crore have been stashed away by Indian abroad. He further said that the andolan is also against a effective and a strong Lokpal bills and also pressurize the government to make changes in the age old laws which were established by the British.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13715619", "title": "SMSs to alert Pune Municipal Corporation about tree felling, garbage, injured animals", "text": "PUNE: The next time you spot illegal tree felling or an injured bird, reptile, a wild animal in distress or uncleared garbage, simply send an SMS to the civic authorities.An alert system has been started on an experimental basis by the Pune Municipal Corporation's (PMC) garden department for citizens to tell authorities and ensure corrective steps.If the SMS is related to a reptile, bird or wild animal, information provided by the citizens will be forwarded to the Animal Rescue and Rehabilitation Centre of the Rajiv Gandhi Zoological Park for action. The garden department will forward the message to its staff for trees, and for uncleared garbage, the ward office staff will be told.Additional municipal commissioner Naresh Zurmure told TOI that the SMS alert system has already started. \"Contact numbers are being painted on the garbage containers. Citizens can send SMSs to the waste management staff by forwarding the container number and location where the garbage has not been cleared. At present, of the 14,000 containers, 600 have been numbered. We have also received feedback from the Bombay high court about this SMS alert system,'' he said.The idea is to involve citizens to help the civic body spot and stop illegal tree felling, help injured animals and keep the city clean, he added.Educational officer Ashwini Shitole said, \"The SMS alert system is already functional and we are taking action against complaints. Most pertain to illegal tree felling, dangerous trees, injured birds and snakes. Our staff has been trained to attend to them.\"The SMSs sent by citizens will reach the authorities, the complaint will be registered and the complainant will get an acknowledgement and complaint number through SMS.One can send the SMS 'ALERT T' for tree, 'ALERT S' for snake, 'ALERT C' for garbage, 'ALERT F' for felling tree, 'ALERT D' for dangerous tree. The sender has to give his/her address, name and nature of complaint. The website access is via 'www.pmcalert.org' and sms alert can be sent to 9223050607. BOXWhom to contact:Garden Department, Pune Muncipal CorporationDeccan Gymkhanaemail : treeauthority@punecorporation.orgContact: 020-25538553 / 020-25532514.For snake, bird and wild animal alert:Animal Rescue and Rehabilitation Centre of Rajiv Gandhi Zoological Park, Katrajemail :'rajivgandhizoo@punecorporation.org,'Contact: 020-24370747", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "13736999", "title": "Lady Gaga sets record on Twitter", "text": "MELBOURNE: Lady Gaga has set a social media record by becoming the first person on Twitter to amass more than 25 million followers.\"25milliontweetymonsters wow! I'm officially feeling like the luckiest girl in the world today. Last sold out show in Singapore in 2 hrs!\" News.com.au quoted her as tweeting from Southeast Asia, where she has been on tour.Seven of the nine most-followed people on Twitter are pop singers: Lady Gaga, Justin Bieber (in second place with nearly 22.9 million followers), Katy Perry , Rihanna , Britney Spears , Shakira and Taylor Swift.The outliers are US President Barack Obama , in seventh place with 17 million followers, and reality TV star Kim Kardashian , who is eighth with 14.8 million, according to twittercounter.com.Lady Gaga had earlier made Twitter history as the first to surpass the 10, 15 and 20 million follower milestones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "bijapur", "code": "13720174", "title": "Kudagi Plant: Farmers' sacrifice remembered", "text": "BIJAPUR: Minister for major and medium industries Murugesh Nirani said the Kudagi super thermal power plant (KSTPP) would be a boon not only to the people of North Karnataka but for the country as it would open the floodgates of opportunities in various forms.Speaking to TOI on the eve of the foundation laying ceremony for the Kudagi super thermal plant here he said the sacrifice of the farmers who have given up their lands for the project was highly appreciable and the government would remember it.He said the KSTPP would be an environment-friendly plant and people need not be worried over rumours of damage to the environment. The project when commissioned will boost various economic activities in Bijapur, Bagalkot and other districts and generate employment.Nirani said many national and multinational companies had expressed their desire to invest in projects to be set up in North Karnataka during the Global Investors Meet and providing power generation plant at Kudagi was fulfillment of the commitment on the part of the government. \"This is an alternative to the Centre's ultra mega power project and will benefit the region to a great extent\" Nirani said.Power for Souther StatesAn MoU was signed by the government of Karnataka, power company of Karnataka Ltd, and NTPC in January 2009, for setting up the project with an ultimate capacity of 4000 MW (stage I three units of 800 MW each and stage II 2 units of 800 MW each).The Union ministry of environment and forests accorded environmental clearance for the first stage of project (3x800 MW) on January 25, 2012. The NTPC placed the main equipment orders worth over Rs 6,087 crore for three units for this project on Feb 17. The total estimated investment of the project (Stage I 3x800 MW) is Rs 15,166 crore.The power to be generated from this project will be mainly allotted to all the southern states. According to NTPC sources, the first stage work will be completed within 52 months. Nearly 3,000 acres of land is required for the project, out of which already 1,903 acres of land, essential for the main plant, has been handed over to the KIDB.The land acquisition process for the remaining is still going on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13719180", "title": "At 90, she is determined to streamline Indore's traffic", "text": "INDORE: At 90, when most of the people enjoy playing with their grandchildren and great grandchildren, Nirmala throws herself into a bedlam of honking vehicles to manage the chaotic city traffic at MTH compound roundabout. No, she is not a traffic cop but an 'honorary member' of the city traffic police voluntarily striving to streamline the traffic for last several years.\"Indore has given me a lot, and it is time for me to repay the debt,\" says nonagenarian Nirmala Pathak, who wears a broad smile on her wrinkled face. Nirmala's involvement with traffic situation in the country isn't new. She has spent half her life working as traffic police warden. \"After struggling in Mumbai for years, I finally landed up as a traffic police warden. I was then stationed to several roundabouts of Mumbai,\" Nirmala reminisces about her past.It takes enormous determination for a woman to step into male bastion. But for Nirmala, it wasn't only about the traffic police department. This multi-faceted person excelled in several fields like theatre, dance, nursing, news reporting and sports. \"It was only yesterday that I guided some of the young dancers for a television show, who are in Indore,\" Nirmala says.It dates back to August 12, 1926, when Nirmala was born into a Maharashtrian family of Sikh Mohalla. With an ill father and indebted mother, she could not study any further than matriculation. At a tender age of 12, she got married into a renowned family of Indore but soon the marriage ended because of status differences.Determined Nirmala then moved to Mumbai, looking for a job in order to support her mother and educate her brothers. Since then, there was no looking back! Struggle defined her initial years in Mumbai when she had no option but to do menial jobs. \"I also sold candies and chips on city streets,\" she recalls. Interested in riding bicycle, she then took up delivery jobs. Mumbaikars often spotted this young woman, roaming on city streets on her bicycle and Nirmala was referred to as the \"Bicycle woman of Mumbai.\"\"Call it fate, but Anwar Hussain and his family helped me learn acting. They got me admitted to Acharya Atre Theatre School where I learned acting,\" she says. Nirmala has worked as a supporting actor and as a dancer in more than 200 Marathi, Hindi and Gujarati films. Khufiya, Mahal, Jadui Chirag, Samson Delilah, Palki (featuring Waheeda Rehman and Rajendra Kumar ) and Bhoot Bangla are some of the films she had worked in. The then directors would often sign her to play the duplicate of renowned actress Vaijantimala .\"When I started working in films, I was paid Rs 15 per day. It was good enough at that time. Moreover, I could easily help my brothers with their education.\" says an enthusiastic Nirmala. Her career took a U-turn when she became a traffic police warden in the city as serving the nation was her ultimate motive. This ardent follower of Indira Gandhi also became involved in political activities of the country.Recalling her journalistic experience she says \"It was in the year 1981 when I became interested in journalistic writing. I worked as a freelance writer for many other dailies.\"In 1993, she returned to her hometown, Indore, for her mother and her immense love for the city.\"Poor traffic situation has led to an increase in the number of road accidents in Indore. If people volunteer, we can be the agents of change by bringing down the number of road accident cases,\" says Nirmala who plans to continue serving the city traffic police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "13714123", "title": "Arun Shelke panel retains power in Shivaji Education Society polls", "text": "AMRAVATI: Arun Shelke panel retained power in Shri Shivaji Education Society on Friday. The panel bagged seven seats in the nine-member executive body of the society. Advocate Arun Shelke was elected as the president.The elections of the society, considered a prestigious body in Vidarbha, was held on Thursday. The results were declared at 1am on Friday. The elections saw 84% voter turnout. This year four panels - Shelke panel, Dilip Ingole panel, Harshwardhan Deshmukh panel and Ashok Raut panel were in the race.Shelke panel's Mahadeo Bhuibhar (Akola), Vasant Charjan (Amravati) and Dr Suresh Thakare (Paratwada) were elected as vice-presidents. Ganesh Patil and Sudhir Patil, who were former vice-chancellors of Amravati University, were defeated in the vice-presidential elections.Another member of Shelke panel Haribhau Thakare has elected as treasurer. Thakare defeated Sharad Tasare former deputy speaker and CD Deshmukh, a former registrar of Amravati University.The four executive members are Nanasaheb Deshmukh and Jagannath Wankhade (both Shelke panel), former MLA Nareshchandra Thakre (Deshmukh panel) and Gajanan Pundkar (Ingole panel).The society runs more than 200 colleges in the state including medical, engineering and polytechnic colleges. In 1932 Dr Panjabrao Deshmukh had formed the Shri Shivaji Education Society with a view to bring poor and downtrodden students into the main stream.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13712102", "title": "Tar transporters' stir threat may hit road repairs", "text": "MUMBAI: Transporters all over India, particularly the Bulk Bitumen Transporters' Association (BBTA), have threatened to go on an indefinite strike if the state government fails to control incidents of theft and looting by organized gangs on highways.According to sources in the state transport department, transporters affiliated to the BBTA own nearly 20,000 trucks all over India.\"If they go on a strike, then it will have a major impact on the road repair work all over the country ahead of the monsoon,\" said a senior transport department official. Transporters affiliated to the BBTA are authorized to carry bitumen, asphalt and tar, which are used to construct roads. Several tonnes of tar is transported daily from several refineries, including two in Chembur and Vadodara, to various parts of the country.The BBTA has given a month's ultimatum to the government to take action against the gangs on national highways, after which it will decide on the strike. The association has written to the Union home minister demanding action against the mafia. \"We have communicated our complaints to the petroleum minister and chief ministers of Rajasthan, MP, Maharashtra and Haryana,\" said BBTA chairman Nandkumar Jethani.Additional director-general of police (law and order) Gulabrao Pol said they had received complaints from the transporters. \"Most incidents of looting are taking place outside Maharashtra, however, we have alerted the highway police,\" Pol said.\"Gangs have a free run in Kasara Ghat, Chandawarghat ( Nashik) and Dhulia in Maharashtra and also in Chhattisgarh and Madhya Pradesh. We are tired of these syndicates. The rates for tar have doubled in the last five years which makes it lucrative for these criminals,\" added Jethani.Transporters alleged that gangsters target their drivers outside refineries. \"Miscreants intercept our vehicles in a secluded area. Drivers are threatened if they don't sell the tar at throwaway prices,\" said transporter Alok Bharara.\"If the driver does not agree to their terms, then he runs the risk of getting killed,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13717690", "title": "Big B lookalike campaigns in Ranchi for Hatia bypoll", "text": "RANCHI: Megastar Amitabh Bachchan is in Ranchi or so believe the rural folks here. People are flocking to the house where he is staying, commuters stop by when he moves on roads to have a glimpse of him and TV channels are after him for interviews. But this is not Big B. It is Amit Khan, a lookalike of the superstar.Peace Party candidate for the Hatia assembly byelection Arshad Ayukh has invited Amit Khan to campaign for him. The election is scheduled for June 12.Amit delivers the superstar's popular dialogues like \"Tumhara Naam Kya hai Basanti\" from Sholey and \"Abey Bbuddah Hoga Tera Baap\" from Buddah Hoga Tera Baap among dozens of films in exactly the same deep voice as Big Bs.The 52-year-old, who also sports a white French-cut beard like the superstar, had taken commandos outside Big B's Juhu house Pratiksha by surprise in June 2010. As soon as Big B had left his house, Amit Khan arrived to meet him (Big B) and the incident surprised the Bachchans' guards too.When Amit had landed at Mumbai railway station, hundreds of Big B fans flocked to him and he had a tough time convincing them. He was offered VVIP treatment when he visited a shop in Mumbai to buy some clothes. \"No one in the crowd was ready to believe that I am not the original Big B. Several fans took my autograph and got photographed with me,\" said Amit whose earlier name was Sajid Khan.Father of two daughters and a son, Amit has been looking like Bachchan from his childhood. \"But the resemblance has grown after my beard grew white and I started keeping French-cut,\" said Amit who is 6-foot tall while Big B is 6.2-foot.Girls, too, are infatuated with him as they feel they are with Bachchan. \"A young girl of the age of my daughter was madly after me in Jamshedpur. I had a difficult time convincing her,\" said Amit.A native of Daltonganj, Amit is is a businessman in Jamshedpur.During his campaign, Amit draws hundreds of people towards him. \"I had seen you only in films. It is my good fortune that I am seeing you in person. You are our God,\" Big B fans tell him. Earlier Amit Khan has campaigned for the JMM in Jamshedpur.Amit, who has worked on his voice and look to resemble the legendry actor, has seen almost all movies of Bachchan and is himself Big B's die-hard fan. But unfortunately, he has not been able to meet Bachchan more than once when he caught him at Allahabad in 1984. Amit Khan has visited Big B's house in Juhu thrice but to no avail.Now films are also coming his way. \"A Bhojpuri movie 'Tu Hau Hammar' will be released in June while two more are on the anvil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13719826", "title": "Bodoland Territorial Council should take steps to protect Manas National Parks's rhinos: Bodo Sahitya Sabha", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Bodo Sahitya Sabha (BSS), an influential literary body, has said that the Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) should take steps to ensure poaching is stopped in Manas National Park, which regained Unesco's World Heritage Site status last year after having been taken off the list earlier. BSS's appeal assumed significance in light of the fact that a rhino was killed by poachers in Manas last month.\"We were very proud when Manas got back its World Heritage Site status last year. This park should be protected at any cost. The BTC administration, the state government and the Centre should ensure that poaching is stopped. NGOs should also play a proactive role in creating awareness among the people on the importance of Manas,\" BSS secretary Kamala Kanta Mushahary said.Wildlife crime experts said that automatic firearms were used in the rhino killing last month. They suspect that the killing was the handiwork of surrendered militants as professional poachers do not use automatic firearms to kill rhinos.\"There are many surrendered militants who still possess automatic firearms. A professional poacher would use a .303 rifle to kill a rhino. However, in the case of the rhino killed last month, an automatic rifle was used,\" a wildlife crime expert said.He said that patrolling by forest staff is not up to the mark in Manas. \"Lack of intensive patrolling and intelligence-gathering mechanism are the major handicaps in preventing poachers from killing animals in Manas,\" he added.BTC deputy chief Kampa Borgiary, who is also in charge of forest and environment, recently held a meeting with conservation NGOs working in Manas to discuss ways to improve protection mechanism for the park.Conservationists were worried that the incident of poaching, barely a year after the park got back the coveted status, would not go down well with international conservation agencies that had put in efforts to bring back Manas' lost pride. Last year too, one rhino was reportedly killed, but there was no official confirmation.Ecologist and former professor of Gauhati University, Parimal Bhattacharya said, \"Manas has got back its World Heritage Status after years of painstaking efforts. Every wildlife death should be taken seriously and steps should be taken to ensure that no more killings take place. Otherwise, it will adversely affect the status of Manas.\"Manas was put on the World Heritage Sites in Danger list in 1992 following rampant poaching and destruction of park infrastructure during the turbulent days of insurgency in the late 1980s and early 1990s when all the 100-odd rhinos were decimated by poachers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13718524", "title": "Youth held for trying to kill silver merchant", "text": "MADURAI: City police managed to arrest the man who allegedly slit the throat of a silver merchant and looted Rs 10 lakh worth gold and silver materials from his house on Thursday night.Vilas Shivram Talvi (57) from Maharashtra, who deals with silver ornaments and settled in Madurai 30 years ago, was running a precious metals business. He was found with his throat slit and battling for life on Thursday evening with the valuables in his house missing. The culprit managed to enter the house and after tying the hands and legs of Talvi, bagged valuables worth Rs 10 lakh including silver, 210 grams of gold and Rs 1.50 lakh cash. After the culprit left, Talvi managed to pull himself outside the house and the neighbours alerted the police. He was admitted in a private hospital in a critical condition. The case was handed over to the special crime branch headed by inspector A Malaisamy. The culprit, T Masillamani (33), was nabbed with the valuables on Friday afternoon.Police said Masillamani was a silversmith involved in making ornaments for a temple and owns a small shop in Surveyor Colony near K Pudur. Masillamani got acquainted to Talvi through his brother Ramesh, who was also a silversmith. He had visited him a few times before as well. On Thursday afternoon, Masillamani went to Talvi to get some silver melted and as he was seated in the house, he saw Talvi collecting a few gold rings from nearby jewellers and keeping in it in a safe. He had also seen a lot of gold ornaments that belonged to Talvi's wife, stored in the safe. Tempted, Masillamani returned in the evening and picked up a casual interaction with Talvi. After some time, Talvi asked him to leave since he had some other work but he pounced on him and placed a knife at his throat. He forced Talvi to hand over the keys to him and bagged all the valuables from the safe. However, before leaving the house, Masillamani slit Talvi's throat, fearing that Talvi would expose him if he was spared alive.Inspector Malaisamy who cracked the case said all the police could get from Talvi was repeated mentions of the word 'Pudur Mani' before slipping into coma. \"Through the lead we started working out and we suspected some silversmith had a connection to the crime. We started searching for Mani among the silversmiths and Ramesh was traced and through him, we managed to get the address of Masillamani,\" he said. Upon visiting the house, police recovered a portion of the valuables from Masillamani's home. Masillamani was later arrested near the Mattuthavani bus stand. Police sources said Talvi was recovering in a private hospital and his condition was stable. South Gate police have registered a case in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13731451", "title": "Poonam Pandey needs to have some spice: Dhoni", "text": "Indian skipper MS Dhoni avoid talks, which are controversial in nature. However, during the recent press meet held in Gurgaon when the cricketer was asked about model Poonam Pandey's act where she went nude on twitter, captain cool said, \"You need to have some spice.\"Notably, Poonam had stripped after SRK's Team Kolkata lifted the IPL trophy. It not only surprised the cricketing fraternity but many others as well. And Dhoni's reply certainly points out that there's lot of spice. However, Dhoni did not say anything further and just smiled, even though he was asked to say more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13735157", "title": "Google plans to buy .Lol web domain", "text": "Before Google applied for the .Lol domain, PepsiCo used the popular text-message shorthand in a 2009 billboard.This is not a joke: Google intends to purchase the .Lol Web domain, Vint Cerf , an executive evangelist for Google, wrote on the company's blog.So instead of going to Google.com, you might be able to type Google.lol and get, say, a search engine for cat videos. Perhaps Google wants to open a corner of the Web dedicated to humor sites. Cerf did not specify how it plans to use .Lol, only that the domain has \"interesting and creative potential.\" (In case you're new here, Lol is internet speak for \"laugh out loud.\") Google has also applied for .Google, .Docs and .YouTube.Many web companies have applied to the internet governing body with plans to implement new types of domains beyond the usual .com, .org and .net, and the list of domains will be published on June 13. This isn't like registering a .com with GoDaddy for $13 a year. The initial fees for applying for a so-called top-level domain are $185,000.Beyond that, a company running just a few websites on a domain can expect to spend about $2 million by the end of the standard 10-year contract, said FairWinds Partners' Phil Lodico, who consults businesses on operating web domains. If .Lol takes off, Google may end up paying more than $1 million each year to run it, Lodico said. And that's no laughing matter.--By Mark Milian", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13712581", "title": "Now, birth/death certificates at Goa Medical College on same day", "text": "PANAJI: Enhancing the convenience to the public, the office of the registrar of births and deaths (RBD) at the Goa Medical College (GMC), Bambolim, will henceforth issue birth and death certificates to citizens on the same day applications for the same are received.Earlier, obtaining a birth or death certificate took between seven to 15 days and several trips to the RBD centre.Announcing this to mediapersons, chief registrar of births and deaths Anand Sherkhane said that the new system will be effective from June 1. Sherkhane said that members of the general public were \"frustrated by the delay and corruption for getting anything done in government offices\" and the new speedier system of issuing birth and death certificates will be in line with the government's avowed intention of \"delivering services within 24 hours\".Initially, the issue of birth and death certificates to citizens on the same day will be restricted to the GMC, which accounts for 40% of Goa's births and 25% of Goa's deaths. Within a period of between three and six months, the service will be extended to all the 204 RBD centres in Goa. Of these, 189 are in the 189 village panchayats, 14 in the municipal councils and in the GMC. All these 204 RBD centres issue certificates of births or deaths after 1971.Certificates of births and deaths prior to 1971 are issued only from the 11 civil cum sub-registrar's offices in the talukas.Sherkhane said that in the new system, multiple copies (maximum five) of births and deaths are now issued on the same day. The application for correction of entries in the birth/death certificates are disposed off within three working days. The birth certificate of an adopted child shall be issued on the same day, provided documents such as civil marriage certificate of the parents, birth certificates of both parents are submitted along with the court order/deed of adoption, said the chief registrar of births and deaths.Sherkhane said that necessary application forms shall be made available at the counter free of cost. While the first copy of the birth or death certificate will be issued free, 20 will be charged for every other copy.About 100 to 150 persons are expected to be attended at the two counters of the GMC RBD unit. Token indicator machines are being installed so that the centre functions in a smooth and efficient manner without causing any inconvenience to the public.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13714270", "title": "Irrigation graft waters Cong-NCP turf war", "text": "NAGPUR: With relations between the ruling coalition partners strained, the Congress is hoping to corner its ally NCP with a post mortem of irrigation projects in the state. After revelation of a series of irregularities in irrigation works, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan is talking about issuing a white paper, which sources in political circles describe as a bigger political strategy.NCP stalwart Ajit Pawar, who is also deputy chief minister, had headed the irrigation ministry since 1995 till he passed the baton to his close aide Sunil Tatkare, two years ago. Chavan announced the white paper after expressing concern over gross mismatch in the irrigation infrastructure created and the funds spent. Some contractors are known to be providing evidence to nail Pawar.Chimur MLA Vijay Wadettiwar, former minister of state for irrigation, has also turned into a crusader against corruption in irrigation contracts. The points raised by him may also help corner Pawar and NCP, say sources. Pawar on the other hand is putting up a brave face. \"I know everything but would not like to comment on the issue, as ultimately both parties have to run the government together.They are preparing a white paper for works carried out since 1995, let them do it. The truth will come out,\" he told TOI. Wadettiwar recently highlighted two cases in Konkan Irrigation Development Corporation (KIDC), where the height of a dam was being increased in violation of procedures. In one case, it has been revealed that the water level of Kal river in Konkan does not need such a high dam at all. The increased height was allegedly proposed only to inflate cost. He has also pointed out irregularities in the Gosikhurd project under Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation (VIDC).Some officials in the department have also begun airing views against corruption. Hiralal Mendhgiri, an officer at the joint secretary level, has written a post at directclass1@ googlegroups, a closed internet group of engineers in this department, exhorting his fraternity to expose scams and save public money. Mendhgiri also referred to the Kal dam in Konkan, where the revised cost estimate could not be approved, as it was pointed out that the river does not have enough water to justify an increase in height as proposed.This case was taken up by Wadettiwar too, apart from the Kondhana dam, also in Konkan, where he alleges that the cost was wrongly inflated. Another engineer is learnt to have written to the chief minster, highlighting irregularities in the state's projects. The letter is also expected to make a basis for a sizeable content of the white paper. The same official is learnt to have drafted the leader of opposition in legislative council Vinod Tawade's speech on the topic, said a contractor who is working closely with officials in building up a case against Pawar.Though, sources say, Mendhgiri and this official have a clean image and are not known to take political sides. On the other hand, contractors say they have been hit by the tiff between two political bigwigs. Decisions are being delayed due to this, indirectly affecting work and also stalling payments, said a Mumbai-based contractor who has undertaken VIDC projects on joint venture basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "13715072", "title": "Machan tourism becomes reality in Tadoba", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: The first of its kind 'machan tourism' practically began in Agarzari jungle in the buffer area of Tadoba Andhari Tiger Reserve on Friday. One other tourist route in buffer area between Moharli and Navargaon also started functioning in the afternoon. Forest minister Patangrao Kadam had formally inaugurated these two tourist routes during his visit to TATR on Wednesday.Buffer management of TATR has taken up this initiative through joint forest management committee (JMFC) of buffer villages to alleviate some tourist pressure on core area, while helping to generate revenue and employment for local villagers. \"Four concrete machans have been prepared for 'machan tourism' in Agarzari area. Three of these machans are along the bank of Irai dam. While tourists can enjoy sighting of wild animals, they can also closely observe various birds visiting the water body,\" said DCF, Chandrapur forest division, P Kalyankumar.Agarzari JMFC will shoulder the entire responsibility of machan tourism in their area and keep the whole revenue out of this tourism. Tourists will have to give Rs 200 for each machan and take a guide for Rs 100 extra. The guide would the take the tourists to their respective machan and stay with them for three hours guiding them about the wild animals and the birds sighted. Timings for machan tourism would be between 6am and 9am and 4pm and 7pm. This tourism would continue until monsoon fully sets in, he informed.Similarly, 14km long tourist circuit also began functioning in the buffer area between Moharli and Agarzari gate. \"Tourists would have liberty to enter from either gate in the buffer circuit. Three water holes fall along this route which have good wildlife density. Every tourist vehicle will be charged Rs 50 and they will have to take a guide with them at cost of Rs 100,\" Kalyankumar said. Timing of this buffer tourist circuit will be similar to that of TATR, he added.Junona and Devada JMFC will shoulder the responsibility of managing gates specially made for this tourist circuit at Moharli and Agarzari respectively.Junona JMFC president, Dilip Alam said, \"Ten youths of his village will be working at our gate as guides. Besides, three others have been employed to manage the gate. Same is the case with the gate under Devada and Agarzari JMFC. A total of 39 youths from three villages have got employment out of machan and buffer tourism,\" he said. The money earned out of buffer and machan tourism will be kept by respective JMFCs and they would utilize it for village development.About machan tourism* Tourists can hire a machan for Rs 200 and a guide for Rs 100* The stay at machan will be for three hours* Timings will be from 6am to 9am and 4pm to 7pm* This tourism would continue until monsoon fully sets in* Four concrete machans have been prepared in Agarzari area* Three are along the bank of Irai dam", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13730190", "title": "A eclectic musical event in Kolkata", "text": "Revellers trooped into The Basement, Hotel Samilton, on Wednesday evening for an eclectic musical bonanza.While there were bauls strumming up earthy tunes on their khamaks, there was Anushree and her band Ashmaan rendering Lalon songs like \"Shomoy gele\" that had the audience turn soulful. Apart from that, they also sang two originals like \"Chhodmonaam\" and \"Shada phanka pata\".Some of the other performers included Fiddlers Green and folk artist Dipannita Acharya. At the do, we spotted director Anik Dutta and elocutionist Sujoy Prosad Chatterjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "bhagalpur", "code": "13715949", "title": "Litany of complaints greet CM", "text": "BHAGALPUR: The second day of chief minister Nitish Kumar's Seva Yatra in Bhagalpur district was marked by submission of complaints and grievances of the common people at his Janata Durbar. Braving intense heat since early morning, the complainants from Munger, Banka, Naugachhia and other places and from different blocks of Bhagalpur district gathered in large numbers to directly meet the CM and deliver their complaints and grievances to him. Tara Devi of Kharik Bazaar in Naugachhia police district complained of denial of old age pension to her though she had appealed for the same at different levels. \"I had lost hope of ever getting the old age pension due to red tapism starting right from the panchayat level. So, I came here to personally hand over my application to you,\" she told the CM. Like Tara Devi, Sushila Devi and other women, too, had similar complaints. They submitted their respective applications at the CM's secretariat working from the local Sandy's Compound.A sobbing Nayan Priya Devi from Kahalgaon subdivision in Bhagalpur said she got married to Ritesh Kumar in 2010 and after delivering a baby girl, she was thrown out of the house by her husband. \"You are my only hope,\" she told the CM. Archana Devi from Parbatti locality in Bhagalpur, in her petition, wrote that her husband had been assaulting her since they got married and had even thrown her out of the house for dowry. \"I was threatened with dire consequences,\" said Archana adding she has also lodged a written complaint with the women's cell at Bhagalpur.Accredited Social Health Activists (ASHA) __ Seema Khatoon, Sushila Devi, Rukmini Devi, Lata Kumari __ among others said that for the last one year they had not received emoluments that they were paid earlier. Even a handful of girl students, handing over their applications to the CM, demanded payment of Rs 10,000 as scholarship after passing matriculation examination with 60% and above.Anju Devi from Nathnagar and several others complained about gross negligence in preparing the BPL and APL lists. \"Our names were in the BPL list initially. Then, our names were deleted from the BPL list and shifted to APL list. We are very poor and are being denied government aid because of discrepancies in the list,\" they said.The grievances were mostly regarding dowry-related atrocities, police inaction, discrepancy in preparation of BPL-APL list, old age pension, red card, school uniform, denial of Indira Awas Yojana units, land dispute and many others. The chief minister not only received the complaints personally but also had a word or two with the majority of complainants.According to unofficial sources, the CM received over 3,000 applications at the Janata Durbar here. He asked officials and support staff accompanying him to make a record of the applications, dispose them off and solve the genuine grievances of the complainants as soon as possible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "13712449", "title": "One dies in road mishap at Chicalim", "text": "VASCO: A 32-year-old woman died after being crushed by the wheels of a truck on Friday evening.The police said, \"The Samiksha Brijesh Harlankar was riding a non-geared bike when she met with the accident at Chicalim.\"At about 6pm on Friday, Harlankar was proceeding from Dabolim to Vasco. When she reached the Chicalim circle opposite GSL colony, she banged the bus in front of her and fell. A truck approaching from behind, unable to see what had happened, went over her killing her on the spot. The bus driver, terrified by the angry crowd, ran away with the bus and the truck driver too left the truck and escaped. People damaged the truck and punctured the tyres.Harlankar was taken to Cottage Hospital first and then to a private one where she was declared brought dead. PSI Milind Bhuimber is investigating the case. The driver of the truck has surrendered himself to the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13711377", "title": "Bharati denied permission to meet Jagan Mohan", "text": "HYDERABAD: YS Jaganmohan Reddy's wife Bharati had a bitter experience on Friday when she was refused permission to meet her husband at the Chanchalguda jail.Citing rules, jail authorities said that since she had already met him three times, she could not be allowed to meet him again. As per the jail manual, a prisoner can be allowed to see visitors twice a week. In case a relaxation is made, just one extra visit is permitted during that period.Bharati, however, refused to take no for an answer and stood in front of the prison gates for nearly half an hour expecting prison authorities to oblige. When it became clear that she would not be allowed inside the prison gates, Bharati drove to the prisons department headquarters and walked into the office of director general TP Das.It is learnt that she told Das that she had matters pertaining to his court defence to discuss with her husband and that she should be allowed to meet him. When the rule position was once again quoted to her, she left the office.It may be mentioned here that except for the day he was arrested, Bharati has met Jagan three days in a row, spending nearly half an hour with him each time.Chanchalguda jail superintendent in-charge K Venkateshwara Reddy told TOI that Jagan's family had been informed in advance about how they could meet him a maximum three times a week.It is learnt that prison authorities also informed Jagan about his wife being disallowed from meeting him.Not having met a single visitor on Friday, it is learnt Jagan was feeling the pinch. Jagan will not have to buy some things that he might want from the jail canteen, including mineral water, biscuits or packed food and soft drinks. The jail provides him with meals all three times a day but in addition if Jagan wants to buy some eatables, he can buy them from the jail canteen.It is learnt that Jagan's family deposited Rs 4,000 as prisoners' private cash account in the jail for his use.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "13712656", "title": "7 sculptures in neglected condition at Caranzol", "text": "KERI: Bondir, a hamlet inhabited by the Dhangar-gouly pastoral community, which is encircled by the Mhadei wildlife sanctuary in Caranzol of Sattari taluka, has a sacred grove locally known as Devatakan. The sacred grove has 7 sculptures which are lying in a neglected condition as there is no care taker appointed for them.Although Bondir is a Persian word which means a port, today there are no traces of existence of a port there. However, near Bondir, there flows a navigable river in which a country canoe can take you to Ganje-Usgao and from there to distant places.In Bondir, Devatakan and Sateli areas are considered to be most holy by the locals. Sateli has a beautifully carved huge panel of Gajlaxmi depicting scenes of prosperity. Devatakan has seven sculptures inside the thick forested areas.Among these seven sculptures, the panels of Gajlaxmi and Mahishasurmardini are prominent. Gajlaxmi is the goddess on whose head two elephants on either side are shown pouring water. The Mahishasurmardini is the goddess shown killing a buffalo-demon with the trident. Beside these, there are four warriors shown seating on the horse back with swords and one more god is shown in a seating postion and holding a weapon in the right hand. There lies also a Shivling.The hamlet has 13 houses of Doefode, Kolapate, Mote and Shinde families of the Dhangar-gouly community.Bajo Bholu Doefode, 60, from Bondir said, \"We respect these deities and maintain the sacredness, but never worship them as per tradition. However, once in a year, the villagers from Caranzol come at Devatakan and apply sandal paste and erect a small pole on the day of Holi.\"These sculptures are lying in the jungle exposed to heavy rain and sunlight. Rajesh Sakharam Doefode says, \"No one told us any history of these sculptures and hence we don't have any information about them.\"There is no care taker for these seven sculptures and one Shivling. In nearby Zadani and Pendral villages where there is no population, there are remnants of three temples and has 36 sculptures.\"There is an urgent need to take necessary steps for conservation and protection of these sculptures, the rich assets of Goa's past history and heritage for posterity,\" said Raghunath Naik from Kazaredhat of Caranzol.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "talcher", "code": "13716761", "title": "Union coal minister shown black flags", "text": "TALCHER: Coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal had to face the wrath of angry BJP activists, who tried to intercept his vehicle, here on Friday. The situation become normal after police arrested 54 BJP activists. The BJP activists showed black flags to the minister and staged a demonstration in front of MCL's Jagannath area office here, where the minister was attending a review meeting.The BJP activists were protesting against the corruption in allocation of coal blocks to the private parties, a medical college at Talcher and peripheral development, resettlement and rehabilitation to MCL affected persons. \"We are protesting against the large-scale corruption in allocation of coal blocks to different private companies. Despite several requests, neither the MCL authorities nor the Centre took a decision regarding setting up of a medical college at Talcher,\" BJP activist Kalandi Samal said.Later, addressing the media, the coal minister said, \"The Union government has allocated 193 coal blocks, out of which 50% are government-controlled blocks. Mining has already started in 29 coal blocks. Work cannot be started in other coal blocks because of land acquisition hassles, environment clearance, etc. Efforts are on to speed up the process of clearance so as to augment the production in these coal mines\".The minister said coal mines were first allocated to private companies in 1993 and this was done with an aim to augment coal production for the energy sector. Besieds, Coal India Limited (CIL) would not be able to meet the growing demand and thus it was decided to explore it through private sector, he said.But the minister was tightlipped about the Central Vigilance Commission asking the CBI for a probe into the coal block allocation between 2006 and 2009. Regarding the medical college at Talcher, the Union minister said, \"There is a plan to increase the number of beds in Nehru Centenary Central Hospital at Talcher from 150 to 500, adding that the hospital would function as a mini-All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS)\". He also said a medical college would be set up after MCL gets the second phase clearance from the state government.The coal minister also visited Bhubaneswari coalmine. He was accompanied by Coal India chairman S Narsing Rao and chief managing director of MCL A N Sahay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13714363", "title": "State Bank India launches drive to reach farmers at their doorstep", "text": "NASHIK: With an aim to reach maximum farmers at their doorstep and get them acquainted with the various schemes of the bank, the State Bank India (SBI) on Friday announced the commencement of its new 10-day campaign- 'Krishi Mitra in Nashik district.Moreover, the Bank has also received the approval of the RBI to launch Ultra Banking Scheme (UBS) schemes in 48 villages in the district, with population less than 2,000 each and without any banking facilities.\"Today, most of the farmers have still not crossed the steps of the banks and are still deprived of the bank schemes for farmers. Considering this fact, we have launched a 10-day campaign- 'Krishi Mitra' in Nashik district from Friday. Our aim is to reach maximum farmers at their door step and inform them about various bank schemes to promote them by providing financial assistance. In the first phase by June 10, we will reach at the doorsteps of the farmers from 150 villages in Nashik, Sinnar, Niphad and Yeola tehsils\" said Babulal Z Bamb, Regional Manager, SBI, Nashik district.\"As part of the campaign, we have also launched a Gold Mortgage Crop Loan Scheme named 'Swarnadhara'. Accordingly, the farmers, who repay their loans regularly, will be given crop loan upto Rs. 3 lakh at four per cent interest rates. They will need to submit 7/12 extract, Identity Card and residential proof for the purpose,\" he added.Besides, farmers from small villages are still deprived of the bank schemes and facilities. Considering this fact, we are planning to launch an Ultra Banking Scheme (UBS) in small villages where the banks have still not reached and their population is less than 2,000. Initially, we have identified 48 villages in the district for the launch of the UBS and the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has also given its approval in this connection.\"During the FY 2011-12, we had given the crop loan amounting to Rs. 225 crore to the farmers in Nashik district and we have set the crop loan target of Rs. 400 crore for the current FY 2012-13,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "beichuan/chengdu (china)", "code": "13717639", "title": "Disaster-struck China town turned into a living memorial", "text": "BEICHUAN/CHENGDU (CHINA): Nothing can prepare you for the visit to Beichuan town in Sichuan province . Nestled around a deep loop of the Jian river, surrounded by the imposing Longmenshan mountains, it was completely destroyed in the magnitude 8 earthquake of 2008 and the aftershocks, floods and mudslides following it.So we expect brand new houses, maybe a brand new town - a showcase of rehabilitation and resettlement.But what we see is quite the opposite - collapsed houses, crazily tilted and cracked multistoreyed buildings, steel struts supporting some of the angled buildings. Through glassless windows one can see rooms with upturned beds, pictures hanging askew on walls.The Beichuan Hotel, once the pride of the town is almost hidden behind bushes and overgrown weeds but it is clear that it is dangerously damaged. At its gate there is a trio of Tibetan gazelles made in stone. They are now called the 'Three Witnesses', says Qu Yongan, the mayor of Beichuan Qiang Autonomous County, who is guiding us with the help of a suited, MIC fitted interpreter.\"The Three Witnesses have seen the three disasters Beichuan faced in that terrible year - the earthquake, the June flood and the August flood with mudslides,\" he explains, displaying the typical Chinese penchant for playing with numbers.A huge slab of stone with \"5.12,2008, 2.28 pm\" carved on it is the sombre memorial within the memorial town. In its background is a collapsed mountain slope. It was here that the Beichuan Middle School was located. About 1000 school children were buried alive when the mountainside came crashing down after the quake. About 15,000 people died in Beichuan, half the town's population. On the opposite bank of the river, the devastation can only be imagined because the ruins were swept away in the floods that followed.The Sichuan earthquake of 2008 killed about 80,000 people, injured over 3.74 lakh and left about 48 lakh homeless. Economic losses were estimated at over $2 billion. Beichuan was one of the worst affected towns because it sits astride the Longmenshan fault. It was decided to turn the whole town into a living memorial because the site was too dangerous for rebuilding, says Qu. \"We want everybody to remember what happened, but also learn about the spirit of the people who survived,\" he says. Several visitors are roaming around the permitted streets or standing by the river.A group of women is hesitant to talk but finally one of them says that they used to stay here but have now been given new houses a few kilometers downhill. \"We often come here to see and remember,\" she says deadpan. \"She lost her only son in the school,\" the mayor says softly.Each affected person was paid a daily allowance of 2 yuan, apart from free food, shelter, medical aid, etc says Hao Yuenan, a Sichuan government official. After the immediate rescue work was over, each person was given a lumpsum of 6000 RMB for restarting their lives. Credit was arranged for people who wanted working capital for farms or businesses.\"And we built a brand new town for residents of Beichuan and surrounding villages,\" says Hao proudly.This new town is located 30km at Yongchan. Built at a cost of $2.4 billion with a population of 77,000, New Beichuan looks stunning with the ever present mountain goat's head motif - symbol of the Qiang ethnic group which makes up a majority of the Beichuan population. Like all urban areas in China, the main market has the mandatory McDonald's and Calvin Klein outlet.What do people do for a living ? The mayor says that unlike the past, very few do farming. \"Most people work in nearby industries or in tourism. There is a lot of people coming in from other places too,\" he says.From the frozen chaos of old town to this grid patterned industrial town - Beichuan has come a long way in just 4 years.The author was in China at the invitation of the Chinese government", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13720242", "title": "'Siddaramaiah's resignation no surprise'", "text": "HUBLI: Minister for overseas Indian affairs Vayalar Ravi said on Friday that Siddaramaiah's resignation as the leader of the opposition in the assembly hasn't come as a surprise.\"I am not surprised,\" said the Union minister who was in the city to take part at the ongoing national executive meet of the Youth Congress.Vayalar Ravi said Siddaramaiah himself could have avoided such a situation. \"It hapenned because basically Siddaramaiah is not from the Congress. Such a situation could be avoided had he understood the system of the Congress party, the way it functions,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13719042", "title": "Vilappilsala: Corporation to file fresh contempt of court case", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A day after the Vilappilsala panchayat came in for some sharp rebuke from the high court for resisting the reopening of the garbage treatment plant, the city corporation on Friday decided to file a fresh contempt of court petition against the panchayat.The petition which will be filed at the high court will detail how the panchayat has been deliberately mobilizing mass support to prevent the corporation from complying with the conditions laid down by the apex court for getting the plant functional.According to the HC directive, which was later upheld by the Supreme Court, the factory can function provided the corporation brought down the amount of waste being processed to 90 tonnes, did proper land-filling and effectively addressed issues related to air pollution and water pollution.\"We sent letters to the panchayat requesting them to facilitate the transportation of clay for land-filling but to no avail. The machines imported for completing the installation of leachate treatment plant which could resolve water pollution were not allowed to be transported to the factory. We had completed the processing of all waste in the factory as directed by the court. Now there is no other option but to file a contempt of court against the panchayat because this time it has disobeyed the highest legal authority in the country,\" said deputy mayor Happy Kumar.He added that the panchayat has forced the corporation into taking such a decision. \"The monsoon is here and still the government hasn't come up with the promised alternative,\" he said.When contacted the panchayat officials said that they will present their version at the hearing which is scheduled on Monday. \"We will point out how the corporation has failed to go by the instructions of the high court. Unless corporation fulfils its responsibilities how can we be demanded to let them reopen the plant. It is the panchayat's responsibility to stand by its people for a common cause,\" said Vilappilsala panchayat president Shobhana Kumari.Meanwhile, the corporation authorities said that the petition will be filed with no loop holes. \"When the court asked us to minimize the amount of waste, we assured them it could be reduced to 75 tonnes instead of 90 tonnes. As for preventing the transport of plastic, a shredder unit was installed at Palayam. Pipe compost units are being widely installed in all the wards. The corporation has got ample evidence to prove its efforts,\" said a ruling council member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13716123", "title": "Smart takeover", "text": "From the ugly green digits on the screen, we shift to the world of the 'sweet' operating system. Ajay Pal Singh maps the changeIt began with the Abacus long time ago, then came Charles Babbage's Analytical Engine and now, the integrated circuits changed it all... for the better!There were times when the mammoth calculating machines would require constant chill to keep the transistors tubes and capacitors in function. The phrase \"Small is wonderful\" is indeed catching up. Tiny integrated circuits and circuit boards are all so popular. Let's talk of the very common handheld devices - the cellphones - devices that keep us connected wherever we are and whatever place we go to.We shifted from the small blurred colour LCDs to high-definition LED displays and to power them, science gave us tremendous processors. From simple 65mm models with single-core clock speeds to dual threads, now is the age of the quad core -- four physical cores in one nano casing on a circuit board (the motherboard), which work independently at varied clock speeds to ensure better power management.In the past, professionals fixed their gaze on midget-sized screens and went on typing the boring green syntaxes that popped up on the monitor. This was DOS, and students were kept busy studying the multi-paradigm computer programming language - Logo. Cobol and Pascal did some of the work too but it was finally in the 80s when things took a turn for the better. The operating systems got easy to use with a user-friendly graphical interface which made using the computer more fun. Icons, the taskbar, the dock; all made up for a splendid computing experience.Then came the mobile platforms - Symbian, Bada, Windows Phone, iOS and finally, the Google Android operating system. Embedded with a Linux kernel, Android is now very popular. These devices come in varied prices to suit all pockets and the best of all, this open-source platform is a boon to developers, who can easily create applications and even work at the core. You would be amazed to know that every version of Android is named after a sweet - Cupcake, Donut, Eclair, Gingerbread, Honeycomb and the latest Ice cream Sandwich.The mobile devices are available in so many forms - candy bar or a full-touch. These come preloaded with the operating system and brand-dependent home screens, so-called branding. From example, HTC uses its Sense user interface while Samsung's got its TouchWiz.Often, I meet people who wish to know how this better technology would serve its purpose. How shall it help them? Three words are all that I tell them - You are connected. And how is that? Cloud computing is one emerging trend of saving data online. For Androids, we got so many applications on Google Play that the end user can download, sign-in, and use. Popular ones are Dropbox , Box.net, and the very recent Google Drive, which gives the online 5GB uploads and downloads free-of-cost. Apple has its very own iCloud - useful but restricted to Apple devices - the iPhone , iPad , and the iMac.Are they safe? Yes , most of the time, but it is advisable not to upload sensitive data, just in case. On our handsets, we can sync our photos and data from multiple devices.The new-age mobile science has made it sure we are in complete sync wherever we are. Be it your emails, contacts, SMSs, or anything virtual; just tap and you are done.More processing power has also upgraded the gaming experience. With great onboard graphics processing units in mobile devices, and a good RAM (random access memory), gamers can get a great experience in 2D and in high-definition - 720p, not full-HD as yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13729962", "title": "RBI doing everything it can to stabilize exchange rate: Gokarn", "text": "KOCHI: With the rupee continuing with its free fall, RBI today said it was doing everything it can to stabilize the exchange rate to reduce volatility of the currency.\"... That has been our approach from the time this (depreciation) started and we will continue it,\" RBI deputy governor Subir Gokarn told reporters here on the sidelines of a function.He, however, declined to make any projections, saying \"there are both the global and domestic factors driving it and the rupee will move according to pressure of these two factors.\"On what steps RBI would take to stimulate growth, which has slid to a nine-year low of 5.3 per cent in January-March quarter, Gokarn said to the extent the growth slowdown was the result of interest rate hike in the last couple of years, the central bank can reverse the cycle.He noted that RBI had set the process in motion in April, when it slashed the interest rates.\"But to the extent the growth slowdown is due to other factors which are being discussed in public debate those factors have to be addressed by actions from other policy making steps,\" he said.On RBI's contingency plans, he said it was in constant state of internal discussions and assessment on the steps to be taken. \"We are aware of potential risks and we are certainly taking on what we need to do and the system as a whole needs to do,\" Gokarn said.Asked about the impact of a likely hike in diesel price, he said even though there would be a numerical impact on inflation at the current growth rate, the risk of its spreading and generating sustainable inflation at this point in cycle was relatively low.\"But we also have to keep in mind any reduction in fiscal deficit is going to be anti-inflationary because if people are spending more for fuel they have less money for spending on other things. So these two affects are counter acting.\"He emphasised that ultimately increase in prices was going to be positive as it will actually control deficit and not pose that much an inflationary risk in current situation.Earlier, addressing the AGM of Cochin Chamber of Commerce and Industry, he said while growth was slowing, core inflation was also moderating.Food inflation was likely to be persistent, he said adding fiscal consolidation was critical and controlling subsidies was the key. Liquidity was returning to normal. Assets quality was a concern, but not a threat, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13718515", "title": "Textile firm\u2019s growth beats odds", "text": "LUDHIANA: A city-based textile conglomerate, SEL Manufacturing Company Limited, having its presence in yarns, knitted fabrics, ready made garments and captive power generation recorded a 35.01% jump in its turn over in the financial year ending March 31, 2012. The growth stands out considering the fact that the industry is passing through a turbulent phase.V K Goyal, executive director and CEO of the firm, said the company's turn over has risen from Rs 1,726.42 crore in the financial year 2010-2011 to Rs 2,330.83 crore in the last financial year. Though the net profit this year is lower at Rs 82.81 crore as against Rs 112.48 crore in the previous year, the growth is an outcome of the efforts of all the employees, right from the lower level to the highest level, said Goyal.He said the decrease in net profit could be attributed to increased depreciation and financial cost resulting in high capital expenditure.Talking about the rough patch the industry has been going through, Goyal said the current fiscal was marked by high volatility in prices of cotton. Even the declined prices of cotton towards the end of last season were very high compared to previous years, he added.Despite the odds, the firm has been able to commission India's largest spinning unit at a single location at Mehatwara village in Sehore, Madhya Pradesh, in April, 2011. Besides, it also laid the foundation stone for a state-of-the-art integrated textile park at Panjava village in Muktsar, Punjab.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13727355", "title": "CLAT confusion", "text": "The Common Law Admission Test, popularly known as CLAT, is the entrance examination for admission to 14 National Law Universities (NLUs) in India. Every year, thousands of students from all over the country take this exam.CLAT results were announced on May 28, it led to confusion over supposedly incorrect declaration of ranks and wrongful allotment of institutions to students. The declared results were taken down by the National Law University, Jodhpur (NLUJ), CLAT 2012 organising institution, on the evening of May 28 itself, creating further confusion. The CLAT convener admitted these errors and mentioned that he is trying to resolve them judiciously (source: Legally India: www.legallyindia.com/201205312859/Pre-law-student/clat-2012-university-list-may-contain-errors-that-will-be-fixed-judiciously-in-june-says-nlu-j-vc).CLAT 2012, comprised a number of questions being allegedly outside the declared CLAT syllabus for the year. Aspiring candidates found that about 70% of the Legal Aptitude section of the paper featured questions that required prior knowledge of legal provisions, while the syllabus had clearly stated that \"candidates will not be tested on any prior knowledge of law or legal concepts. If a technical/legal term is used in the question, that term will be explained in the question itself.\" In addition, the general knowledge/current affairs section of the paper, which was supposed to test candidates only on their knowledge of 'current affairs,' \"broadly defined as matters featuring in the mainstream media between March 2011 and March 2012,\" allegedly had 'static General Knowledge' questions on architect Le Corbusier's citizenship and shapes of oceans, to name a few.A writ petition was filed before a single judge at the Delhi High Court abut a week ago (prior to the publication of results), against the organisers of CLAT 2012 for posing questions that were allegedly out of syllabus {Writ Petition (Civil) No 3208 of 2012}. However, the petition was dismissed, in limine, or without going into the merits of the case. The judge held that the petition was premature as the results had not been declared then, and suggested that the petitioners could approach the courts once the results were declared. A similar writ petition was also filed before the Allahabad High Court and is pending.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13719704", "title": "Madhya Pradesh Board to probe into Class XII agriculture merit list", "text": "BHOPAL: The Madhya Pradesh Board of Secondary Education (MPBSE), the board is mulling a probe into the merit list of agriculture stream for the class XII. The probe will be held after the declaration of board's class X results.The MPBSE received complaints about irregularities about the class XII merit list of agriculture group as it had three candidates from the same school with consecutive roll numbers from Kannod, Dewas.Secretary of the Board Kedar Sharma said, \"The matter shall be looked into. But only after the results of class X are declared in a couple of days.\" The results are expected on June 4, according to Board's sources.On May 28, the MPBSE had issued group wise merit list while declaring the class XII board results. There in the merit list it was found that the agriculture section had all the merit holders from the same school, Government Higher Secondary School for Girls, Kannod in Dewas district.The roll numbers of the girls who were placed in the top three positions were seated almost behind each other in a row. They had secured 464, 459 and 458 respectively.More than 34,000 students had appeared for the agriculture section of class XII. Of these, 18,267 students passed in the exam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "chikmagalur", "code": "13719544", "title": "No using stream water for resorts: Deputy commissioner", "text": "CHIKMAGALUR: Stringent measures have been initiated by deputy commissioner D K Rangaswamy, to stem the chaotic growth of resorts and homestays in the interest of protecting the fragile ecosystem of Bababudan hill ranges, a part of Western Ghats, in the district.Ragaswamy has asked village panchayats to withdraw permission, issued to the resorts, to use water from natural streams meant for domestic purpose of villagers.He has also directed the tahsildar to write to the CEO of the zilla panchayat to take action against the resorts, who have established it without permission from the statutory bodies, and to make it mandatory for all to obtain forest clearance for the establishment of resorts in the district even for land conversion.These directions and measures were discussed at a meeting conducted by the DC along with revenue, forest, pollution board and environmental groups in the backdrop of a large number of resorts coming up in the Bababudan hill ranges and applications for alienation to convert agricultural land.Green groups have raised an alarm and are apprehensive that the establishment of such resorts will damage the surrounding environment. The move will be detrimental to water sources, which are feeders for Bhadra river, and will also create scarcity of water for the villages..Environmental activists also felt the construction of buildings in the hilly area, abundant with unique shoal forest, will obstruct dispersal and migration of wild animals and result in enhanced human-animal conflict.It was evident from the records, available in various offices, that homestays, which were once in few in number, have now risen to 68 and still 15 applications are awaiting permission.Already in 12 cases, land conversion has been given to construct resort and among the applicants nine were from outside the district. Considering these aspects, Rangaswamy has taken a stand to impose more rigorous condition to save the hill range from becoming a concrete forest and to maintain its pristine beauty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13711394", "title": "Human error responsible for lift accident, experts say", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A day after a 12-year-old boy was crushed between lift cabin and lift well in a apartment building in Chandlodia, forensic science expert and lift inspector visited the spot and provided their primary observations to Sola police.Investigators believe that the boy might have reached on top of the lift somehow and after the lift started, he fell off and got stuck between the well and cabin.On Thursday, Jeetu Jaat, a resident of Soham Apartment near Vishwakarma Bhavan, was found dead.His body was stuck between second and third floor in the lift, as his legs were caught on top side of the cabin and his torso was hanging from lift car.\"Scientific officer, FSL, A V Hingrajiya, and lift inspector, M K Patel, inspected the lift mechanism. They explored possibility of such an accident with various circumstances combinations. They believe that the door on lift well at third floor might have been open and Jeetu might have entered the well and got on top of the lift. When the lift started suddenly, Jeetu could not keep balance and fell off the cabin and got stuck,\" said a Sola police official.The police said that the residents' statements revealed Jeetu's fascination for the lifts. \"He had come recently from Rajasthan and had taken a liking for the lift as he used to spend afternoons going up and down. Thus, the possibility that he might have explored the mechanism and how to open emergency exit cannot be ruled out. Further investigation is on to probe other angles. We earlier thought that somebody might have killed him but after postmortem, the possibility is not so strong,\" said the official.Jeetu had come recently from Rajasthan after completing his class VI and was living with his family. His father works at a marble shop near Gota. Jeetu was eldest of the three siblings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13712328", "title": "Cops find choppers used in Saki Naka twin murders", "text": "MUMBAI: The Saki Naka police, probing the twin murder of two brothers on May 29, on Friday recovered the two choppers used in the killing. Meanwhile, one more accused in the case Brijesh Rai (26) has been arrested from the locality. Two more accused are still at large.The accused-Avanish Rai alias Pintu alias Kalia (26), Rakesh Sharma (33) and Sunita Sharma (35)-arrested earlier in the case had thrown the weapons on the roof of a nearby house at Veer Savarkar Nagar in Saki Naka while fleeing after the killings.The police team took the three accused Avanish, Rakesh and Sunita through the bylanes of Veer Savarkar Nagar on Friday to recover the weapons. \"In the presence of a police team, Avanish and Rakesh were made to climb the roof of a house at Veer Savarkar Nagar from where they handed over the two choppers used in the crime. There was a thick coat of blood on the weapon,\" said a police officer.All three arrested accused are in police custody till June 8. They have been booked for murder, attempt to murder and grievous hurt by dangerous weapons. Police teams are searching for three other accused in Mumbai, Thane, Navi Mumbai and Uttar Pradesh.Senior inspector SR Dhanedhar said they are in the process of collecting enough evidence to make a watertight case. \"We have recovered the weapons and blood stained clothes,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13716500", "title": "Railways deploy additional force at Ara station", "text": "PATNA: Divisional railway manager (DRM), Danapur, L M Jha, on Friday said the railways has taken foolproof safety measures in the wake of mob fury at Ara and other stations falling under Danapur division of the East Central Railway (ECR) after the killing of Ranvir Sena founder Brahmeshwar Singh, alias Mukhiyaji, early Friday morning.An irate mob ransacked Ara station and pelted stones on trains after the murder of Brahmeshwar at Ara.The irate mob paralysed train movements for about five hours, from 8am to 1pm, on both Down and Up lines at Ara station. Normalcy returned only after 1pm when additional Railway Protection Special Force (RPSF) personnel were rushed to the station. A strong contingent of the RPF and RPSF has been deployed at Ara and other stations in Bhojpur district to prevent any recurrence of such incidents. Besides, railways officers were in touch with GRP personnel to maintain law and order at vulnerable places under the division, Jha said.About a dozen trains, including long-distance mail and express trains, were forcibly stopped by a section of people at Ara from 8am in the morning while angry mob set the locomotive of Sasaram-Ara train afire, the DRM said. Although the situation was brought under control by railway staff immediately, it nevertheless created panic among the common people.According to the DRM, railways was forced to control movements of several pairs of long-distance trains at Patna Junction and Danapur station to save passengers from mob fury. The Shramjeevi Express was held up at Patna Junction for about 200 minutes while the departure of Kamakhaya-Lokmanya Tilak Express from Patna Junction was delayed for about an hour.However, railways cancelled a few local trains on Friday. These trains included Patna-Buxar passenger trains. Jha said a section of people protesting Mukhiya's killing also detained trains at Buxar, Koelwar, Karisath and Bihta. As a result, New Delhi-Patna Sampoorna Kranti Express was detained at Dumraon for about 360 minutes. Similarly, New Delhi-Howrah Poorva Express was detained at Buxar for about 300 minutes followed by Sanghmitra Express which remained stranded at Karisath for about 180 minutes, Magadh Express at Gahmarh for 120 minutes and Vasco-de-Gama-Patna Express at Jamania for 90 minutes, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13713038", "title": "Councillors fight over usage of corporation well", "text": "COIMBATORE: An open well inside the Coimbatore corporation east zone office in Singanallur in the city is becoming a bone of contention between two corporation wards here. The well is situated within the limit of municipal ward no 63, but it is being used for supplying water to the residents of nearby ward no 61. The councillors of the respective wards had war of words over the matter in the council meeting and one of them even equated it with interstate water issue.\"The well is in our ward limits and we are not allowed to draw water from it. We have tried several times to make some arrangements to ensure supply of water from the well to at least three streets in ward no 63,\" said KB Balraj, corporation councillor ward no 63, Coimbatore corporation.There are two motors installed to draw water from the well and it is mainly supply to residents on Annaingadu street extension one, two and three and some residents along Trichy Road which comes under ward No 61. The councillor of the ward SM Samy, who was also the east zone chairman in the previous corporation council, claimed that the well was being used to supply water to the residents in his ward for the last 30 years. Since the water is unfit for consumption, it used for other purposes but not for drinking.\" The well has been always used to supply water to the residents in our ward for over three decades,\" said SM Samy, councillor ward no 61.Intevening in the discussion, mayor SM Velusamy assured the councillors that a decision would be taken on the issue of supplying water from the well soon.KB Balraj added that if a pipeline is connected to the water line going towards Dheivendra Street, Uppiliyar Street and West Market Street it would be beneficial for the residents, especially during summer season. A pipeline is already installed near the spot where the well and it could be easily linked with the well, Balraj added.\"We have just enough water available for our basic needs and it will be helpful if some additional water is supplied to us,\" said J samina, a resident of West Market Street.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13719757", "title": "CBI court convicts two bankers for fraud; slaps fine", "text": "BHOPAL: In two separate cases of forgeries and other counts, a local court on Friday sentenced two former officials of Central Bank of India's Lahar branch in Bhind district to three years jail and imposed more than Rs five lakh fine on each of them.Besides, the Judge also convicted Pratibha Sharma to undergo three years imprisonment and fined her with Rs two lakh, CBI prosecuting officer, said.CBI Special Judge Sanjeev Saraiya found that the then branch manager Sheikh Abdul Ghani and assistant manager Suman Babu Azad in collusion with one Pratibha opened a fake account on her name to siphon off a loan, the agency's prosecuting officer Subhash Bhattacharya told TOI.He said that in another case related to forgery, Ghani and Azad were convicted. Some cases of forgeries were pending against Ghani and Azad.He said that the agency had registered a case against Ghani and others for forgery and other charges following allegation that they with some persons dishonestly and fraudulently sanctioned loans and caused a loss of Rs 31.90 lakhs to the bank, on March 27, 2006. The convicted former bank officials opened up accounts in connivance with some people and withdrew the loan amount.After this, the CBI filed charge- sheet against the accused on June 30, 2007, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13713971", "title": "Showers cool down Nagpur, but monsoon a fortnight away", "text": "NAGPUR: Although monsoon is almost 10-15 days away, the pre-monsoon showers on Friday evening brought a temporary but pleasant relief from the sizzling heat, especially the last week when the mercury remained between 46.2 to 46.6 degrees Celsius.The showers also brought a relief from the heatwave prevailing in eastern Vidarbha and some parts of Chhattisgarh in the last few days when both maximum and minimum temperatures remained five degrees above normal.But weathermen warn that this is just a local phenomenon and the monsoon has not hit even Kerala and, so, it will be at least a fortnight before it reaches Central India. Until then heatwave conditions will continue to prevail in some places in both, Vidarbha and Chhattisgarh.Since the rains were scattered and very little, the temperature continued to be high at most places. Bramhapuri recorded a high of 48 degrees while Wardha recorded minimum temperature at 23 degrees.Due to the cloudy weather, the city recorded a minimum of 45.7 degrees on Friday, which happens to be also the minimum of week. The season's highest was recorded on last Saturday at 46.9 degrees.\"These are surely pre-monsoon showers but they are very temporary and scattered. Due to excessive heating in last few days the cloud formation over isolated places in region has lead too mild showers here and there. Though it rained in many parts of city, airport (where the met office is located) did not have any rainfall,\" said Vijay Barapatre, the regional meteorological office director.Starting from May 27 when Nagpur recorded highest temperature of season at 46.9 degrees, the temperature recorded in city since have been 46.5, 46.3, 46.2. 46.2, 46.3, 46.6, 46.3. On Friday it was 45.7 degrees.Weathermen say that monsoon is likely to hit Kerala by June 5 and Nagpurians still have to bear the intermittent heat between showers in the next few days.Met data of past ten years shows onset of monsoon on almost right time on June 10 in only 2002. The onset of monsoon in other years since then from 2003 to 2011 was on June, 19, 15, 24,24, 24, 12, 26 and 16. In 2011, it was on June 20. The highest rainfall in June in the last ten years was also recorded in 2002 at 342.7mm and in 2006 the minimum of 11.6mm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "13712369", "title": "Two more foreigners held for overstaying", "text": "MAPUSA: Stepping up their drive against foreigners who have been overstaying, the Pernem police on Friday arrested two foreigners.Forty-year-old Arkady Mindlin, Russian national and Amir Mohammad Enshika Ibris a Sudan national were found overstaying without holding a valid visa at Junaswaddo Mandrem.A case has been registered under Section 7 of Foreigner Order, 1948 and Section 14 of Foreigner Act, 1946.PSI Narayan Parwar is investigating the case under the supervision of PI Tushar Lotlikar.This is the seventh arrest by the Pernem police within a week's time in connection with illegal foreigners overstaying without valid documentation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13711984", "title": "Jagan Mohan evasive on Luxembourg deals: CBI", "text": "HYDERABAD: On a day when the trial court dismissed Jaganmohan Reddy's bail as well as interim bail petitions, the CBI informed the AP high court that the YSR Congress chief was either evading replies to certain critical questions like who is the beneficiary of the transactions made from a Luxembourg company or shifting the responsibility on to his auditor.Additional solicitor general Harin P Raval revealed this before Justice B Chandra Kumar of the AP high court who was hearing the petitions filed by Jagan challenging his arrest as well as that of the CBI seeking his custody. The judge reserved his orders to Saturday. Raval handed over to the judge a document pertaining to the Luxembourg transactions. The document is said to establish how crores of rupees were re-routed to the Jagan firms and was furnished by the CBI's foreign investigation unit (FIU).\"We suspect that the beneficial owners of this Luxembourg company are Jagan and his late father. It has become difficult for us to crack this mystery because banks in tax havens like British Virgin Islands , Hong Kong and Luxembourg will act even on the voice instructions given by their clients. The details of these transactions are in the exclusive knowledge of Jagan and that he was not parting with it. If Jagan is released on bail now, he will try to erase the traces of evidence,\" Raval said. If given the custody of Jagan, the CBI can establish the details of the transactions, he added.The Additional Solicitor General (ASG) also told the court that even those witnesses who had earlier deposed before the CBI and the magistrate are now turning either hostile or evasive and this is due to Jagan's influence, the ASG said. It has already happened in the case of three witnesses in the Jagan assets case, he said. The CBI counsel also listed the alleged quid pro quo investments made by Nimmagadda Prasad, Penna Cements and others in Jagan firms.Appearing for Jagan, senior counsel Ranjit Kumar asked the HC as to what was wrong if a businessman cum politician (Jagan) depended on his auditor. Several owners of the companies generally depend on their secretaries, auditors etc, he said. Even the accused have rights and if this court decides to hand over Jagan to CBI custody, please provide him with adequate safeguards, the counsel said.Meanwhile, the trial court said Jagan may tamper with the evidence, and on that ground, dismissed his bail as well as interim bail petitions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13719408", "title": "Armed with proof, harassed kids approach cops", "text": "INDORE: Harassed by a local 'influential' person, two panic-stricken children approached Childline, an NGO working for the welfare of children. The minors, armed with CCTV footage as the evidence, also lodged a complaint with the police against Chandan Singh Pawar for physically and mentally harassing them for several months.The children, Nilu Sharma and Anil Kushwaha (name changed), residents of Modi Compound under Choti Gwaltoli police station, approached the NGO as their earlier plea with the police went unheeded. Subsequently, they also met a senior official of the police department.The accused Chandan Singh Pawar has been caught on the CCTV camera throwing petrol bomb at children, while the family of the accused has been caught beating Anil, whose father lives out of the city due to professional compulsion. The video also shows cops in the scene but in vain as they did not take any action to help the children and the residents.Talking to TOI, the children said the accused and his family members have been creating problems for residents in the area. They not only indiscriminately beat up people, but also use expletives against them. The accused have also been threatening people of the locality not to approach the police.The children informed that Pawar developed enmity with Anil's family since Diwali over bursting crackers. He ever thrashed Anil's father. The nearby residents came under the accused's target after they supported Anil.As per the complaint lodged with the SSP, the children had already approached Choti Gwaltoli police on May 29. However, the police did not take any action. The children, inspired by the programme Satyamev Jayate, then decided to move Childline after the accused again beat up Anil on Wednesday. So was the disappointment over earlier inactions by the police that the duo approached the NGO with sweets as a 'bribe', which the organisation turned down.The children approached SSP A Sai Manohar with the help of Childline coordinator Deepesh Chouksey and handed over a written application mentioning their woes. Anil also showed injuries on his body. The SSP went through the footage and ordered town inspector of Choti Gwaltoli Anil Singh Rathore to take strict action against the accused immediately.The children also claimed that the accused is involved in illegal businesses and many anti-social elements visit his home frequently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13719810", "title": "Myanmar unlikely to flush out northeastern militants soon", "text": "GUWAHATI: Indian security agencies are not hopeful of Myanmar immediately launching a Bhutan-type operation to flush out northeastern militants from it soil. More than 3,000 rebels belonging to different outfits from the northeast are reportedly holed up in the neighbouring country.Since the Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's recent visit to Myanmar, there was speculation about Myanmar taking action against Indian rebels hiding there. On Thursday, Union home minister P Chidambaram appreciated the \"positive response\" from Myanmar on the issue of militants.Rebels from Ulfa (Paresh Baruah faction) and the National Democratic Front of Boroland (Ranjan Daimary group), the United National Liberation Front, the People's Republic of Kangleipak, the People Liberation Army and the Kanglei Yawol Kanna Lup and the NSCN (Khaplang) have set up base in Myanmar. They have allegedly set up a unified camp in the Taga area of Myanmar's Kachin region bordering India. Three Ulfa camps named Arakan base, Naga base and the 28{+t}{+h} battalion headquarters are located in other parts of Myanmar.\"It's NSCN (Khaplang) chief SS Khaplang who calls the shots there,\" a security source said. \"Ulfa and the NDFB have smaller contingents. Ulfa has about 200 Ulfa fighters while the strength of the NDFB is just about 100. Manipuri outfits have about 3,000 militants. The size of the NSCN (Khaplang) is also quite big,\" he added.\"Let's see how Myanmar deals with the militants this time. Earlier, it used force against them only to extort money. We have marked the rebel hideouts. We think the militants can be driven out easily if Myanmar acts like Bhutan.\" The sources said.In 2003, Bhutan had used its army to drive out militants from Ulfa, the NDFB and the Kamtapur Liberation Organisation from its territory. It handed over a number of top-ranking militants to Indian authorities. \"We can have such an operation only if Myanmar shows the same kind of commitment,\" the source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13713206", "title": "A stimulating treatment for ailments", "text": "COIMBATORE: The ancient practice of treating patients for various ailments by activating the vital points in the body called Varmam Kalai is gaining ground in the state. This time around it is not only Siddha practitioners who seem keen on learning the therapy, but allopathic doctors too are open to practicing it along with their standard treatment procedures.In the recently concluded first international conference on medical varmalogy organised by Arts Research Institute (ARI) in Coimbatore, more than 200 medical practitioners, most of them allopathy doctors, participated in it. \"Doctors have not suddenly developed interest in Varmam Kalai. It has taken several years of research to make them believe that varmalogy can successfully coexist with allopathic treatment,\" said Suresh Manoharan, secretary, ARI.The word 'varmam' denotes energy flow in the body, also known as life energy. The points where this energy resides in the body are identified as varmam points. The basic objective of the varmam system of medicine is to stimulate these points using palms, fingers, etc., to cure diseases, he explained.He said doctors who researched and practiced the art were able to successfully treat 27 diseases including arthritis, chronic renal failure, bleeding disorders, facial palsy, diabetes and asthma. Where allopathy treatment has failed, like in the treatment of autism, varmalogy theraphy has helped, he added.Siddha practitioners have also shown keen interest as medical varmalogy is included in their scope of study. So far, 2000 of them have learned the art. Meanwhile, 250 ayurveda doctors have been trained in the art. Suresh said that nearly 3000 patients receive varmam treatment each month at the institute.He said the power of varmalogy is such that a single varmam point can be utilized to treat as many as 42 diseases. Explaining how varmalogy works he said the disease or the problem occurs when an organ or a point loses its energy or has excess. By stimulating these energies those areas or organs can again be activated or revitalized.The advantage of varmam kalai is it works well in conjunction with other systems of medicine, like allopathy, homeopathy , siddha and ayurveda and is a holistic system for disease prevention. Besides it promotes effective life-style management, he said.Shiny Richard, a resident of Nilgiris, whose 15-year-old child Sneha Merlin was suffering from thyroid and autoimmune disorder, has seen a remarkable change in the past one year after she underwent Varmalogy therapy. \"Initially, my daughter had fever and it failed to subside despite several doses of medication. The overdose of medicines and steroids made her very uncomfortable. However, once she started varma therapy she does not require any medication and her dosage of steroids too has been reduced,\" Shiny said.\"They have been stimulating points on my neck, thyroid gland, knee, ribcage, head, elbows and foot. I am feeling much better now,\" said Sneha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13715661", "title": "Rise in chain-snatching cases has cops worried", "text": "CHENNAI: Robbers snatched gold chains from five women in various areas across the city on Thursday and Friday.The spurt in incidents of chain-snatching has left the city police worried. \"We took several steps to check street robbery and the number of cases dropped. Five cases in two days points to a need for tighter policing. We will have to be more stringent with offenders,\" police commissioner J K Tripathy said.The city police have decided to enhance patrolling. \"Robberies can be prevented by regular patrolling and by implementing routine vehicle checks at certain points,\" a police officer said.The police said one incident was reported on Gandhi Irwin Road in Egmore on Thursday night. Ananda Thenmozhi, a native of Madurai, had come to Chennai to meet her relative. She was on her way to the Egmore Railway Station when two men on a motorbike grabbed her 10 sovereign gold chain and sped away.The same night, two men on a motorcycle snatched gold jewellery from a woman Kuzhanthai in Chintadripet. Similar incidents were reported in Nungambakkam, Mylapore and Ice House. Police have registered separate cases based on their complaints and further investigations are underway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "13720077", "title": "Autonomous State Demand Committee calls 60-hour Dima Hasao bandh on June 5", "text": "SILCHAR: The Autonomous State Demand Committee (ASDC) and its frontal organizations have called a 60-hour bandh in Dima Hasao district on June 5.The bandh has been called demanding the immediate release of ASDC leader, Mohet Hojai, a former chief executive member of NC Hills Autonomous Council. He is in jail since May 30, 2009 along with 14 others for his alleged involvement in the Rs 1,000 crore scam of the district.An ASDC spokesman in Haflong on Friday said the bandh, supported by the ASDC women cell, Dimasa Students' Union (DSU) and Dimasa Women Society (DWS), will start at 5 am on June 5. He said essential services will remain out of the purview of the bandh.However, train services along the Lumding-Silchar section that passes through the hill district will be stopped during the bandh, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13715498", "title": "As temperature soars, diarrhoea patients wilt", "text": "CHENNAI: As the heat in the city shows no sign of letting up at least in the next four weeks, more children continue to be struck by summer diseases. Doctors are worried because the temperatures are pushing diarrhoea patients into dehydration a little faster than usual.Childs Trust Hospital last week saw around five patients, aged between a few months and three years, get admitted for dehydration. All the children were also suffering from diarrhoea. \"Our intensive care unit has seen a little more than 10 patients in the month of May. They have all been suffering from severe diarrhoea. So, they tend to lose a lot of fluids,\" said Dr Balaramachandran, a peadiatric at Kanchi Kamakoti Child's Trust Hospital.Surya Hospitals on Friday saw five children suffering from dehydration on Friday, two of whom were diarrhea patients. Doctors say the heat causes the body to absorb more fluids to regulate temperature, which aggravates the shortage of fluid already caused by diarrhoea. \"It is all the more dangerous when it affects infants. So far, none have required hospitalization, they come in with fever but respond well to just some extra fluids,\" said Dr Deepa Hariharan a peadiatrician with Surya Hospitals.Doctors say parents should take extra care to make sure children suffering from gastroenteritis consume a lot of extra fluids during the summer, and avoid perspiration till they recover. \"Most people are already aware. They drink a lot of fluids they minute they feel the symptoms of dehydration, but others should know the symptoms immediately,\" said Dr Indra Jayakumar, a paediatric intensivist with Apollo Children's Hospital . The symptoms of dehydration are usually excessive thirst, fatigue, fever, giddiness and fainting. For infants urine output is best clue. \"If a child does not pass urine for four hours, it's a sign that they baby is suffering profound dehydration,\" she said. Apollo has seen more than 60 cases of diarrhoea leading to dehydration in the last one month.The Met department has asked Chennaiites to brace themselves for a 'hot' June, as temperatures are unlikely to decrease to a large extent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "13712650", "title": "One hurt as neighbours spar in Panchwadi", "text": "PONDA: Pundalik Naik, 49, of Amlai-Panchwadi in Ponda was assaulted with soda bottles by three neighbours late Thursday night. Police suspect that the assault was due to previous enmity.Ponda police said that Naik, in his complaint, had informed them that three persons from the D'Costa family including Goton Anthony, Polly and Jacinta with a common intention, assaulted him with a soda bottle on his forehead and abused him with filthy language late Thursday night. The accused are neighbours of the victim, the complaint stated.Naik sustained severe injuries to his forehead and was rushed to Cacora health centre. He was under treatment but out of danger, police said, quoting the doctors treating the victim on Friday. Police said that a case has been registered under Section 324 (voluntarily causing hurt by dangerous weapons) and Section 504 (intentional insult with intent to provoke breach of the peace) read with Section 34 (common intention) of Indian Penal code. Stating that further investigations into the case was in progress, the police however, revealed that no person was arrested in this connection until late Friday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13714085", "title": "Akhilesh Yadav budgets for 2014 elections", "text": "LUCKNOW: Akhilesh Yadav on Friday presented his maiden budget to provide for his election promises like giving laptops to students and an unemployment dole along with a raft of sops for the minorities and the poor. The Rs 2 lakh crore-plus budget is 18% larger than Mayawati's last one and increases allocation for social welfare schemes, education, health and infrastructure by between 14 and 34%.But a major cause for concern triggered by the budget that imposes no new taxes is that the please-all document relies heavily on Central grants and better revenue recovery to make ends meet and keep fiscal deficit under 3%. Private public partnership (PPP) will be the driving force for the state, with a bulk of the employment generation coming from projects that are set up using the PPP route, but this requires a high degree of administrative skill and integrity for proper execution and there's always the risk of PPP being misused to favour crony capitalism, something rampant in the Mayawati regime.The total budget size is Rs 2,00,110.61 crore. The budget puts revenue receipts at Rs 1,58,847.86 crore and capital receipts at Rs 35,479.32 crore.Akhilesh knows that generating funds for fulfilling promises will be a difficult task, so despite assurances before the polls that VAT will be slashed in UP, he shied away from tinkering with it. People were expecting that the state government would slash VAT on petrol but the CM knows that at this point of time every penny counts and the government can't afford to lose the revenue generated through the 26.5% VAT on fuel; with just the latest petrol price hike, the government will net an extra Rs 240 crore per annum. Also, to arrange for funds to fulfil poll promises, the government has already scrapped several schemes worth Rs 4,861 crore run by the Mayawati government.Akhilesh is also banking heavily on central assistance. In his meeting with the Prime Minister last month, he had asked for a Rs 96,000-crore package, which it hopes to bag in return for its support to UPA II. But in a similar situation in 2007, after winning elections, Mayawati supported the UPA government in the presidential polls and was counting on a Rs 80,000-crore package for Bundelkhand and Poorvanchal but this never materialized. Analysts say Akhilesh should not rely much on central funds because Congress would never like the Samajwadi Party to take credit for UP's development.Overall, this is a budget that has been crafted with the voter in mind and an eye on the 2014 general election. Allocations for minority welfare, particularly Muslims, have been increased by 81% compared to the previous year. Apart from promoting education and creation of employment opportunities for Muslims, it includes small but effective vote-fetching provisions like Rs 100 crore for assisting marriages of Muslim girls and Rs 200 crore for maintenance of graveyards. Muslim constitute 20% of UP's population and are deciding factors in 28 of the state's total 80 Lok Sabha seats.For farmers, which is the Samajwadi Party's another key support base, the government has allocated over Rs 5,400 crore. Rs 500 crore has been sanctioned for loan waiver for farmers, Rs 450 crore for farmer insurance, Rs 1,473 core for farmer and old-age pension, Rs 400 crore to clear sugarcane dues of farmers, Rs 137.82 crore for free distribution of fertilisers and seeds to farmers. The budget has also earmarked Rs 137 crore to waive electricity dues of weavers, most of whom are Muslims and backward Hindus.A provision of Rs 10,373 crore has been made to modernise and strengthen the police force with a view to streamlining law and order in the state. CCTV cameras will be installed at important road crossings in Lucknow, Varanasi and Kanpur and the police department will get better housing.There are some populist measures, too, like allocation of Rs 200 crore to distribute two sarees and one blanket each to elderly and poor women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13714618", "title": "Dinesh Sharma is BJP's mayoral candidate for Lucknow", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Bharatiya Janata Party on Friday announced that incumbent mayor Dinesh Sharma as its mayoral candidate for Lucknow. In addition to this, the party also announced names of three candidates for nagar nigams and 27 candidates for the posts of chairman of nagar palika parishads. An election committee, headed by state BJP president Laxmikant Bajpai approved the names of these candidates.State BJP spokesperson Vijay Bahadur Pathak said that the party has so far announced the names of nine candidates for nagar nigams and 67 for nagar palika parishads. He said that Dinesh Sharma, former Lucknow mayor, has again been fielded as the party's mayoral candidate from Lucknow, while Harikant Ahluwalia and Ram Gopal Mohle will be contesting from Meerut and Varanasi respectively. He said that the party had already announced the names of Vina Agarwal from Moradabad, Jagatvir Singh Drona from Kanpur and Kiran Verma from Jhansi as its candidates for the post of mayors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13726162", "title": "Withhold all aid to Pakistan until Afridi is freed: US lawmakers", "text": "WASHINGTON: Two top American lawmakers have asked US President Barack Obama to withhold all aid to Pakistan until the country releases a doctor who helped the CIA track Osama bin Laden.\"Until Dr (Shakil) Afridi is released from prison, we urge you to withhold all unallocated foreign assistance money for Pakistan remaining for this fiscal year. We must send a message not only to Pakistan but to any other countries seeking to use American taxpayer dollars to subsidize their subversion of America's global priorities,\" Senator Rand Paul and Congressman Dana Rohrabacher, said in a letter to Obama.A copy of the letter was released to the press yesterday. Through the use of a door-to-door vaccination drive, Afridi bravely assisted US intelligence services in identifying the residents of the Abbottabad complex which was later confirmed to be the home of bin Laden, the two Congressmen said.\"For his work in supporting the successful search for Osama bin Laden , Dr Afridi deserves our appreciation. Unfortunately, the government of Pakistan has made it a point to punish Dr Afridi for helping to expose Osama bin Laden's Pakistan hideout in the most severe manner possible,\" they said.They said in response to this situation, they would be proposing legislation to withhold all foreign assistance money to the government of Pakistan until Dr Afridi is released.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13718507", "title": "Paracetamol overdose causing liver damage, say Scientists", "text": "LONDON: Nearly a quarter of adults taking paracetamol exceed the recommended limit of four grams a day, risking themselves of developing liver damage, scientists have claimed, calling for an \"urgent attention\" to address the problem. Researchers at Northwestern University in Chicago found that many people ignore the dosage instructions while taking the over-the counter painkiller, while some, particularly the elderly , forget how many tablets they have taken.Others fail to realise that they are taking various drugs containing the active ingredient acetaminophen , they found. Maximum daily recommended dose of paracetamol is four gram - or eight 500mg paracetamol tablets, to be taken no more than two at a time during each four-hour period.Accidental overdoses of the popular painkiller can lead to acute liver damage, and one consequence of an overdose of acetaminophen causing liver failure is a potentially fatal build-up of fluid in the brain, the researchers said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13729356", "title": "Cut that off 100%", "text": "With cut-off having touched 100% in a Delhi College last year and an overwhelming majority scoring over 95% this year, it's anxiety time once again for studentsThe Plus II results have been published but the tension of the students is far from over. Last year, the cut-off marks for commerce at Shri Ram College of Commerce had touched 100% for non-commerce students and that was enough for many to press the panic button. Though the HRD minister Kapil Sibal has assured that there will be no such problem this year, students are still worried since an overwhelming number of them have scored over 95 per cent this year in CBSE.V Uma Shankar, private secretary to Sibal, says the scare is because of the lack of infrastructure and good educational institutes. \"There is nothing wrong in keeping the academic performance as the basis for admission. The process is most transparent, fair and comprehensive. Why shouldn't a student be given the benefit of an exceptional score? What is the guarantee that another system won't be questioned if substituted by the current cut-off process? Last year, SRCC had demanded a perfect score from non-commerce students keen to graduate from the institution with a commerce degree. This was just to encourage commerce students. Centralised institutes like IITs, IIMs and JNU have maintained their standard of education and are making a constant effort to improve it further. But the condition of state-run and private institutes is deteriorating.\"In Bhubaneswar, the cut-off issue is a problem. The problem is more for those wanting to move outside. \"I have applied to the National University of Singapore and a bit tense as I have no clue about their cut-off marks. That's the reason I have also applied in some technical colleges in Hyderabad and Goa. They have entrance examinations too,\" says Sulovna Susant of DAV Public school, who has scored 95.4% in her Class XII exam.For Abhijit Sahani, who wants to study in Odisha, the future is still undecided, \"I'm planning to join the Institute of Technical Education and Research for my technical degree. I'm really tense if I can get admission to a good stream or not. If the cut-off percentage is high, like it was during last year, it will be a problem for me,\" he says. Abhijit has scored 80% in his Class XII exams from Mother's Public School. The authorities are also not able to reassure the students. According to Dr Suresh Chandra Patnaik, principal of Buxi Jagabandhu Bidyadhar Autonomous College, \"Though it's not possible to say if the cut-off marks will be higher this year or not, one can assume it'll be high since the students scored have better this year. \"So, the tension remains. Meanwhile, psychologists want to caution parents to not add any pressure on the students who haven't managed to score well. Senior consultant neuro-psychiatrist Dr. Sanjay Chugh, says, \"It is traumatic for any scholar if he or she misses out on being eligible for admission to a college by a whisker. Such a student might get into self-criticism, which can lead to anxiety, depression and addiction to alcohol or drugs. Parents should help a child build a balanced personality.\"Psychiatrist Dr Surjit Sahu says, \"Rather than scolding them, it's important for parents to encourage students for whatever they have achieved and advice them to apply in various colleges instead of depending on just one.\"Been there, faced thatRohit Rupani: First year, Khalsa College, Delhi I had scored 94.5% and the cut-off for SRCC was 96%. I missed out by a few marks. Group discussion and personal interviews (GDPI) ought to be introduced for admissionAkash Jain: First year, Narsee Monjee Institute of Management Studies, Mumbai I had scored 94.6% and secured admission in my dream college. Students should be judged on the basis of their grades and extracurricular activitiesAshish Saini: First year, SRCC, Delhi I had scored 96.3% last year but I know it's unfair to judge a person based on the results of Class XII. A standard cut-off should be kept to ensure that capable candidates clear the basic hurdle. This should be followed by interviews, GDPIs or case study of each candidate", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13715484", "title": "First bus rapid transit system in Pimpri Chinchwad by December", "text": "PUNE: All the infrastructure work for operating the bus rapid transit system (BRTS) on an 11-km stretch of the Pune-Mumbai highway in Pimpri-Chinchwad would be completed by the end of this year, municipal commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi said on Friday.A review meeting of the BRTS projects in Pimpri-Chinchwad was held in New Delhi on Thursday. Earlier, a preparatory meeting was held in Mumbai on Wednesday, Pardeshi added.The Nigdi-Dapodi stretch is the PCMC's first BRTS project under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission. The civic body has also started work on widening the 13 km Aundh-Ravet Road for implementing the BRTS on that route.It has been nearly four years since the PCMC completed widening of the highway stretch. But the civic body has not been able to start the BRTS services as it has not been able to complete any infrastructure work related to the BRTS on that stretch.Construction of bus stations along the service roads has been moving at a slow pace for the last one year. Civic officials claim that work of 12 bus stations would be completed soon. The PCMC wants to construct 38 bus stations on this route.Meanwhile, the civic body is yet to segregate the BRTS lanes from other lanes. \"Segregation of the BRT lanes and other issues related to BRTS operations are to be discussed at a meeting with the Pune municipal commissioner and officials of the Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Limited next week,\" Pardeshi said.PMPML's BRTS manager Anant Waghmare said that the traffic engineer of the PCMC has been apprised about the various requirements for safety of passengers. \"The BRT lanes have to be properly segregated. Foot overbridges and underpasses should be constructed. Speed breakers, traffic signals and pedestrian crossings are also needed for the safety of passengers and to prevent accidents.''\"The PMPML has trained 1,000 drivers to use the bus shelters on the right-hand side,'' Waghmare said. \"Total 250 buses will be needed to run the BRT services on the highway stretch. We have the buses, which are now plying on other routes,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13717296", "title": "RIMS junior docs withdraw strike call", "text": "RANCHI: Junior doctors at the Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences (RIMS) have withdrawn their call for strike from Saturday after their demands were conceded to by the administration on Friday.RIMS Junior Doctors' Association president Samuel Shyam said, \"We have been informed by the administration that our salary for April and May will be paid in full.\" Along with 300-odd junior doctors, 400-odd senior doctors have not been paid either their salaries or their non-practising-allowance (NPA) for April and May.The junior doctors had worn black badges at workplace on Thursday in a show of agitation demanding payment of their NPA along with their salaries. On Thursday, the doctors had given a 24-hour ultimatum to the RIMS administration to take a final decision or they will go on strike.RIMS director Tulsi Mahto, however, did not confirm the development. \"All I can say now is we are sorting out the things.\"Jharkhand's principal health secretary K Vidyasagar had visited junior doctors at the RIMS on Thursday. The principal secretary had assured doctors that he would look into their demands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "13717240", "title": "Tripura Left Front demands state-sponsored elections, right to recall", "text": "AGARTALA: In order to curb the use of money power in assembly bypolls, the Tripura Left front is demanding state-sponsored elections and the implementation of the 'right to recall' rule for at least some constituencies in the country.CPI(M) Tripura state secretary Bijan Dhar said that the opposition Congress has been distributing mobile handsets, gold ornaments and computers to bribe voters to vote for them in the Nalchar byelection to be held on June 15.\"We will move the election commission once we have enough evidence against the Congress,\" he said. Dhar said that Congress' demand for 'foolproof electronic voting machines' from West Bengal for the upcoming assembly poll is ridiculous.He claimed that after the Lok sabha polls in 2009, CPI-M leaders met the Chief Election Commissioner of India as experts found that the EVMs could be manipulated by remote control. However, the case is still pending with the commission.Dhar, however, pointed out that the left parties had been demanding state-sponsored elections as part of the electoral reforms to contain the use of money power in the election as no party or candidate could be barred from spending money during the elections.Referring to right to recall, he said, \"We agree that the right to recall and reject are difficult to implement in a country like India, but it should be implemented at least in a few constituencies of the country on a pilot basis.\"National Election Watch, a consortium of 1,500 civil society organizations and intellectuals of the country had been fighting for electoral and democratic reforms for over a decade, which includes barring candidates with criminal records from election, comprehensive bill to regulate the functioning of political parties, securing at least 50 per cent votes to win elections.Referring to the security analysis report of Netindia (P) Ltd, Hyderabad and the University of Michigan , the Tripura Congress had demanded second generation EVMs that cannot be manipulated.Leader of opposition Ratan Lal Nath alleged that the ENMs used in the state are vulnerable to serious attacks that can alter election results and violate the secrecy of ballot.He also stated that a five-member congress delegation will meet the chief election commissioner in New Delhi next week to discuss the installation of new EVMs to ensure a free and fair elections slated for early next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13716272", "title": "One-person show talks about values", "text": "CHANDIGARH: On the concluding day of Women Director's Theatre Festival, a play \"Quality Street\" directed by Maya Krishna Rao from National School of Drama, New Delhi, was staged at Tagore Theatre in Sector 18.The play, which has a distinctive trait of solo performance by Rao, unfolds into a non-stop \"boxing match\" between a woman and her daughter - both exciting and moving at the same time. The tale set in Nigeria, looks at issues like culture, values, relationships within a family, that lie at the core of people's lives.With music to accompany the artist - the way she talks, sings, raps and makes artistic appeal, Rao switches between characters with ease during the performance.The show is a salute to all mothers (and fathers) who strive to put up with their children against, sometimes, very heavy odds. \"Quality Street\" was commissioned by the Sangeet Natak Akademi for the Commonwealth Games and received warmly by critics and public.The three days theatre festival has been a great attraction for the theatre inclined audience which highly appreciated the works of Women Directors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "rohtak/chandigarh", "code": "13715353", "title": "41 women went missing from Rohtak shelter home in 3 years", "text": "ROHTAK/CHANDIGARH: Forty one women, minor girls and newborn babies have disappeared from an NGO-run shelter home in Rohtak in the last three years, Haryana police said on Friday. The shelter home has been in news for sexual abuse and torture.\"We have compiled the list (of missing women) after going through the records and inputs provided by the (others living there) and are (seeking) more details about them through newspapers,\" said Rohtak DSP Dharna Yadav. He said the missing include six minor girls and 12 newborns. \"The minor girls and eight others are unidentified as except photographs no other details are available about them.\"The Haryana police have published photographs and other details of 29 of them in leading newspapers to seek their whereabouts.Sources said Jaswanti Devi, who ran the shelter home and is in jail along with her accomplices, has been trying to stall the police probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13735923", "title": "Google, Microsoft, Infosys among 'ideal' workplaces for IT grads: Survey", "text": "MUMBAI: Indian students are veering towards public sector jobs and domestic firms to find a cushion against an uncertain economy, which clocked its lowest quarterly growth rate in nine years at 5.3%. This trend, visible globally as well, reflects on how youngsters are looking at job security as one of the most important parameters while choosing their future employers.While the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) and State Bank of India (SBI) emerged as the most preferred employer for under-graduate business students in the country, engineering and MBA students chose technology giant-Google as their ideal employer in a survey conducted among 8,356 students across Indian colleges by Universum, a global consulting firm that helps companies improve their attractiveness to prospective jobseekers.The rankings also show that Indian business students (under-graduate) associate banks with greater level of responsibility, secure employment and high future earnings. Also, more women find banks to be an attractive workplace compared to men while in most other markets it is the opposite, said the survey.\"In a flight to safety we see globally as well as in India that students want to work with domestic employers, so for instance, in Germany a lot of young students are opting to work for the automotive sector which is one of the biggest industries in the country. We see a clear trend that banks and professional services are more attractive as employers among business students in India,\" said Joakim Strom, Universum's APAC managing director.While security is a big factor driving students to opt for a job in the public sector as well as in Indian firms, a chance to grow their careers is another reason why youngsters get attracted to these companies. \"The career advancement that one can manage in the Navratnas, the best PSUs in the country, is great for young employees. Whether it is a BHEL or an ONGC these are great learning grounds and they hire in big numbers as well,\" said Nishchae Suri, MD, Mercer India, a global HR consulting firm.Among engineering and IT students, technology firms dominated the top rankings with Microsoft and IT bellwether Infosys taking second and third place, respectively.The average expected monthly salary for undergraduate students was Rs 49,729, while it was Rs 51,161 for management students.What stood out significantly was that there was a gap in salary expectations of anywhere between Rs 7,000-13,000 (monthly) for women compared to men at both undergraduate and post-graduate levels, according to the survey.\"The IT companies have been popular for many years now and we are not surprised to see that a newcomer, Facebook, takes the fifth place on the engineering/IT ranking this year,\" said Raghu Krishna, Universum's country manager for India. MNC firm Hindustan Unilever stood out as the only FMCG employer in the top ten choices for Indian students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13728806", "title": "Adele's tunes inspire Stewart", "text": "Grammy award-winning singer Adele's songs helped actress Kristen Stewart to get into character for her title role in movie \"Snow White And The Huntsman\".Stewart says she heard Adele's albums \" 19\" and \" 21\" to perfect her role, reports thesun.co.uk.\"The extremes of her emotion - like when she's got levity and she's got light, she's so light. But when she's down it's devastating, and it just reminded me of the movie. I just love her,\" said Stewart.Adele already has celebrity fans in Julia Roberts , Chris Martin and Tinie Tempah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13727754", "title": "NRHM scam: CBI raids residential premises of ex-UP health minister", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Bureau of Investigation on Saturday carried out searches at the residential premises of former Uttar Pradesh health minister Anant Mishra in Lucknow and Kanpur in connection with National Rural Health Mission scam (NRHM).CBI teams seized some \"incriminating\" documents related to the National Rural Health Mission from Mishra's premises, sources said. The agency has already questioned Mishra twice in connection with the death of deputy CMO Y S Sachan.The CBI on Thursday filed a chargesheet against former family welfare minister of UP Babu Singh Kushwaha and BSP MLA Ram Prasad Jaiswal in the scam. Kushwaha is already behind bars. The chargesheet was filed in Rs 13.4 crore allotted to Construction Design Services (C&DS;) -- a subsidiary construction agency of Uttar Pradesh Jal Nigam -- for upgrade of 134 district hospitals under the scheme. It is alleged that C&DS; gave the task to Ghaziabad-based and Lucknow-based private firms on the basis of forged documents. This caused an approximate loss of Rs 5.46 crore to the government exchequer, the CBI chargesheet said. Uttar Pradesh Jal Nigam general manager P K Jain, former project manager B N Srivastava and former resident engineer B N Ram have also been named in the chargesheet.(Inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13712680", "title": "Minimum temperature hits 2-year high, rain likely today", "text": "NEW DELHI: After Thursday afternoon saw the temperature shoot to the season's highest at 45.4 degrees Celsius , the city sizzled even at night. The minimum temperature on Friday was at a twoyear high at 34.3 degrees Celsius , a whopping seven degrees above normal.But respite could well be on its way, with the Met department predicting the likelihood of a thunderstorm and light rain over the weekend. The maximum temperature on Friday, yet another scorcher, was 44.4 degrees Celsius , a degree below the previous day's high but still four degrees above normal. After Thursday afternoon saw the temperature shoot to the season's highest at 45.4 degrees Celsius, the city sizzled even at night. The minimum temperature on Friday was at a two-year high at 34.3 degrees Celsius, a whopping 7 degrees above normal.But respite could well be on its way, with the Met department predicting the likelihood of a thunderstorm and light rain over the weekend. The maximum temperature on Friday was 44.4 degrees Celsius, a degree below the previous day's high but still four degrees above normal.The capital's minimum temperature reached a two-year high at 34.3 degrees Celsius on Friday. \"Heavy moisture, partly cloudy sky and suspended dust particles caused the minimum temperature to rise. In June 2010, the minimum temperature had touched 35 degrees Celsius,\" said B P Yadav, director, India Meteorological department.For the third time in the week, the city's power consumption touched a new all-time high on Friday when the demand at 4.07pm shot up to 5,178MW.He said easterly winds from West Bengal were bringing in moisture. \"So we can expect the maximum temperature to go down by two to four degrees over the next 48 hours. Some parts of the city could get rain on Saturday,\" Yadav added.According to Met officials, the maximum and minimum temperature on Saturday are likely to be 43 degrees Celsius and 32 degrees.\"Delhi experienced the hottest day and hottest night uninterrupted as Thursday had recorded the highest maximum at 45.4 degrees Celsius, followed by Friday's highest minimum,\" said Sumegha Sharma, a resident of Mayur Vihar I.She said nights were getting unbearably hot.\"There have been frequent power cuts in our area,\" she said. There were complaints of loadshedding in several parts of the city, particularly south Delhi where residents say power supply in the morning was erratic.South, southwest and west Delhi have also been witnessing an acute water crisis over the past two days. The Haiderpur treatment plant has only been partially functional because of shortage in supply of raw water from Haryana. DJB officials said they are in talks with Haryana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13712644", "title": "Pasting temporary posters not an offence, says court", "text": "NEW DELHI: Holding that putting up temporary banners or posters is not punishable, a trial court has absolved the former vice president of Delhi University Students' Union of charges of defacing property.\"Putting of banners or posters will not attract the liability of the wrong doer as the said banner or poster, under normal circumstances, can be removed without affecting the basic structure or appearance of the article on which they are affixed,\" Metropolitan Magistrate Prashant Sharma said.The court said that the West Bengal Prevention of Defacement of Property (WBPDP) Act intends to punish those who deface property in a manner which is permanent in nature and let off Manohar Nagar, who was the DUSU vice president in 2008-09.\"After reading the aforesaid provisions (of the Act), I find that the aim of the legislature was to punish those who deface any property in a manner which is permanent in nature,\" the court said.Nagar, a NSUI candidate who was elected vice president in 2008, was booked by police under the WBPDP Act after posters with his photographs for the election campaign were found pasted on walls in South Delhi.Nagar moved court seeking dropping of proceedings against him on the basis of a Supreme Court judgment that held Section 3 of the Act applied to defacement only \"done by writing or marking with ink, chalk or paint or any other material\". Conviction under Section 3 of the Act entails a maximum punishment of six months' imprisonment and a fine of Rs 1,000.The court, however, allowed Nagar's application and acquitted him of the charges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13711340", "title": "At 5,178MW, Delhi on a power high", "text": "NEW DELHI: For the third time in the past one week, power consumption in the city has touched a new high. Breaking all records, the demand reached 5,178MW at 4.07pm on Friday. The soaring power demand was met with complaints of loadsheddings from several parts of the city, particularly south Delhi where residents say power supply in the morning was erratic.The previous highest demand in the city was recorded on Wednesday when it rose to 5,155MW. \"The maximum power demand in the city touched 5,178MW at 4.07 PM which is a new record of power consumption in Delhi,\" a power department official said.On Friday, residents from areas like Gulmohar Park, Kalkaji, Dwarka, Saket and Safdarjung complained over the power supply. \"For almost three hours in the morning, the power supply kept coming and going. It was there for 10 minutes and then went off for half an hour. Due to this, even our water supply was affected in the morning,\" said a resident of Gulmohar Park.BSES Rajdhani recorded a demand of 2,062MW in south and central Delhi, while BSES Yamuna had to deal with a demand of 1,370MW in east Delhi. Tata Delhi Power officials said the peak load in north and northwest Delhi was 1,406MW at 3pm.The power demand in the city has been increasing at a rate of around 8% over the past few years and, according to the government projection, will reach 5,500MW this summer. Last year, the demand had gone up to 5,028MW, which was the all-time high till it was broken on May 25, 2012, when the demand touched 5,032MW.Official figures say the demand in 1905 was just 2MW, which had increased to 27MW in 1947. The peak demand had touched 1,536MW in 1992, while it increased to 2,303MW in 1997 and to 2,879MW in 2001. In 2002, it was 3,097MW, while in 2007, the demand touched 4,030MW. While the demand went up to 4,408 MW in 2009, it touched 4,720MW in 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13734606", "title": "Ahem to get injured tonight in Saath Nibhana?", "text": "Rashmi Telefilms Saath Nibhana Saathiya on Star Plus will witness major drama on tonight's maha episode.We all know about the animosity between Anita aka Iira Soni and Gopi aka Giaa Manek. Anita is very humiliated after losing the singing competition and plans to take her revenge on Gopi. And tonight, Anita's evil intentions will come to life when she makes holes in the gas pipe, causing it to leak. Her sole intention is to kill Gopi. But unfortunately for Anita, her plan backfires when instead of Gopi, Ahem ( Mohammad Naazim) enters the kitchen and gets injured.Also, in the upcoming episodes, Gopi's saas Kokila (Rupal Patel) realizes that Anita is responsible for the kitchen incident and the reason behind Ahem's injury. When Kokila confronts her, Anita confesses to the act. When contacted, Iira aka Anita said, \"Yes Anita plots to kill Gopi but I can't tell you the story further. You will just have to watch for yourself\".Hell sure hath no fury like a woman scorned!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13724731", "title": "Katrina\u2019s 24 X 7 action schedule", "text": "Katrina Kaif is taking her action heroine tag seriously. The actress, who is currently in Thailand, has a packed schedule.During the day, she is busy shooting heavy-duty action sequences with Salman Khan for Ek Tha Tiger . And at night, she gets into training mode for her Dhoom 3 fight scenes with Aamir Khan which also include a hand-tohand combat with the actor. A source on location revealed, \"Aditya Chopra has flown in three special trainers for Katrina to get a toned body and quicker reflexes. They are super-specialised trainers brought in specially to make Kat look convincing as a combat assassin in Dhoom 3 .\"Hectic would be an understatement to describe Katrina's current regimen. While she trains till late in the night with what has secretly come to be known in Thailand as the 'terror trio', in the daytime, Kabir Khan ensures the actress undertakes a different set of stunts in front of the camera.The source informed, \"It's two completely different action disciplines for Katrina on camera for Ek Tha Tiger and off camera for Dhoom 3 . And it's sapping her energy. Her metabolism is confused, as during daytime, she is shooting for strenuous action scenes with Salman and in the night, training for highly sophisticated Jackie Chan-type flips and somersaults.\" Luckily, there is some respite for her with Aamir having informed his producers that he isn't quite ready yet. The source said the actor has been busy with his television show and needs more time to train. This means Kat can take it a tad easy for now but not too much because Adi Chopra is constantly monitoring her progress. Katrina remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13712655", "title": "Sadar Bazar slum fire leaves 2,000 homeless", "text": "NEW DELHI: Around 400 slum sheds burned down in the Lahori Gate-Sadar Bazar area of north Delhi early on Friday morning. Although only seven cases of minor injury were reported, more than 2,000 people were left homeless. Officials said the fire raged for four hours, turning the slum into smoking heaps of ash.The fire department was informed at 1.07am, and 25 fire engines battled the blaze until 5am. While a formal investigation will be made into the cause of the fire, officials suspect it started from a short circuit. A witness said the fire spread rapidly because inflammable material was kept in the sheds.\"I heard people screaming and peeped out. It was a horrific sight. Sky-high flames were sweeping towards my hut. I picked up both my children, cried out to wake up my wife and ran. My hut was lost in two minutes,\" said Mukesh, a resident of the area.Police said the residents had a miraculous escape as everyone was asleep when the fire started. \"Although the blaze started around 1am, when everyone was asleep, the residents were able to get up and out in time,\" said a cop on duty. But the hundreds of newly homeless spent the hot hours anxiously sifting the ashes for their belongings.Slowed down by age, Gopesh Dev, 80, got burnt on his hands and back before he could escape. \"I have nowhere to go,\" he told TOI even as volunteers tried to put together a shelter for the poor victims.\"We have arranged for plastic sheets, water and food for the victims, most of whom are rag pickers or railway labour,\" said Nirmala Devi, the local councillor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13732132", "title": "Anna, Ramdev fast in Delhi tomorrow", "text": "NEW DELHI: In their first joint appearance on a public platform in the past one year, Anna Hazare and Ramdev will sit on a day-long fast here tomorrow in a bid to intensify their anti-UPA protests.Tomorrow's protest at Jantar Mantar is also likely to see Ramdev announcing his strategy with regard to the 2014 General Elections.The one-day fast to demand bringing back black money stashed away abroad and against corruption and corrupt system will have its echo in the state capitals as well with Ramdev's Bharat Swabhiman Andolan organising protests.Team Anna members Arvind Kejriwal, Manish Sisodia and Gopal Rai are expected to join Hazare and Ramdev in the fast.It is also keenly watched whether retired Army chief Gen V K Singh, who had locked horns with the government on various issues, would attend the protest.The association with Ramdev had in the past created ripples in Team Anna with a section remaining opposed to have any truck with the yoga guru as he is facing corruption charges.Ahead of the fast, both Hazare and Ramdev have stepped up their attack on Prime Minister Manmohan Singh. Hazare had said that Singh has lost faith in government while Ramdev alleged that the Prime Minister was not \"politically honest\".Before sitting on the fast, both the activists will go to Rajghat, the memorial of Mahatma Gandhi.A senior police official said they have made elaborate arrangements. Besides Delhi Police personnel, 20 companies of paramilitary forces will be deployed in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "13720393", "title": "500 new transmission and distribution lines to come up in state", "text": "DHARWAD: Underscoring the need to enhance transmission and distribution (T&D;) of power, energy minister Shobha Karandlaje has stated that in the next one year, 500 new T&D; lines will be installed in the state, particularly in north Karnataka.After inaugurating the 10th anniversary celebrations of the HESCOM at a programme, organized at Dr. Veerendra Heggade Kalakshetra in Sattur near Dharwad on Friday,Shobha said that KEB has been bifurcated into five divisions to reach the remotest part of the state. Every year all the five divisions are growing.However, all the five power divisions are unable to meet the ever-growing power demand. The state is producing good quantity of power, but due to T&D; loss, large quatum of power leakage is being reported.The Bellary and Raichur Thermal power plants are functioning well.Unfortunately, the lines installed to distribute the power are not able to carry the required the power generated to the end user.Enhancing capacityBJP government is all ready to set up 24 sub power stations alone in Belgau, as there is more demand for power in Belgaum and Bagalkot districts. Apart from this, the government in association with the NTPCR will be laying a foundation stone for the establishment of Kugadi Thermal Power plant in Bijapur district on Saturday.This plant has the capacity of generating 4,000 MW of power which will be equally shared to the State and the Centre.Shobha charged the Union government for showing nepotism against the state in supplying coal.She stated that though the state on several occasions has appealed the Centre to enhance the coal linkage and coal block, till now has rejected all the proposals.While the Centre is supplying adeuate quantity of coal to neighbouring Andhra and Tamil Nadu , similar is not the case with Karnataka.Alternative energyBut, the state is determined to generate its power and also popularise the alternate sources of energy to meet the demand. The State would soon be getting its first 'Solar Park' which would come up at Bijapur district.The government has already identified 5,000 acre of land here and the work will progress soon, the energy minister noted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13729974", "title": "Kim to move in with Kanye", "text": "Kim Kardashian and Kanye West are set to move in together after putting their respective homes on the market.The couple, who have been dating for around three months, have put their respective Los Angeles homes up for sale and are now said to be searching for a home together.\"They are preparing to move in together, it's moving that quickly. If things continue at the speed they're going, Kim and Kanye will rent a new house together,\" contactmusic.com quoted a source as saying.\"They wouldn't buy yet. They just want to live together without being fully domestic until they're ready to have a family,\" the source added.Kim has listed her Beverly Hills villa for $5 million while Kanye has put his Hollywood Hills property as a pocket listing, which means it doesn't show up in real estate documents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13712577", "title": "Central Railway to roll out rake with cushioned seats in second class", "text": "MUMBAI: Central Railway is all set to roll out its first Electrical Multiple Unit (EMU) rake with cushioned seats in the second class compartment, promising a comfortable ride to lakhs of passengers.The cushioned seats have been provided in the white and purple EMU rakes that have been delivered from the Integral Coach Factory, Chennai.A CR official said, \"The rake is lying in the Kurla car shed, where some technicians are trying to sort out some electrical problem. We hope to make it ready to run on the tracks within a week. The 12-car has been provided cushion seats by an in-house technical team at the Matunga workshop at an estimated cost of Rs 10-12 lakh.\"The official said, \"The cushion has been made of rubberized coir material, which are fire retardant and also provide comfort to passengers. The seat cover is made of artificial leather, similar to the ones used in the first class compartment.\"Apart from being heat and moisture resistant, coir is also considered to be moth-proof and flame retardant. Coir Fibre is tough, durable and can spring back to shape even after constant use. In case of a fire, smoke emanating from the coir is considered non-poisonous. Since coir has not much of market value, it will also ensure that anti-social elements do not vandalize the seats.Coir is cheaper compared to Rubber foam or polyurethane material, which is used for making cushioned seats in the first class compartment. Moreover, foam is expensive and has to be treated with chemicals to make it fire retardant.There is not much difference between the cushioned seats in the first and second class. The official said, \"The first class has cushioned seat with 4-inch density, while the ones in second class will have 2-inch density.\"Since it is pilot project, trial runs of this rake will be undertaken after which a final decision will be taken whether to provide such facilities on all the rakes. The existing seat arrangement made of wood/hardboard can accommodate four passengers. Comparatively, cushioned seats will not provide grip for a fourth commuter, a major drawback.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13712207", "title": "Jail doctor apologizes for giving false information", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Vadodara Central Jail medical officer Dr S K Katlana had to tender an unconditional apology to Gujarat high court for filing an affidavit with false information in connection with a bail plea filed by murder convict Sahibealam Rangrej who was diagnosed with multiple lipoma and advised excision. Lodged in the Vadodara central jail, Rangrej had complained of chest pain and Dr Kaltana opined that the SSG Hospital would not be able to treat him. His case was referred to the UN Mehta Institute of Cardiology hospital in Ahmedbad. But after proper examination, it was found that the diagnosis was not proper.Finally, a surgeon from the SSG Hospital examined Rangrej in jail and found that he had multiple lipoma and advised excision. Rangrej sought bail till his treatment was over successfully. HC sought opinion of the medical officer whether the prisoner could be treated in Vadodara. In his reply to HC query, the doctor told the court: \"Tests like TMT, Pulmonary Function Test and Renal Doppler are not available at SSG Hospital, Vadodara. Preliminary investigations indicate the abnormality in thyroid function test and lipid profile.\" With this reply, the hospital also opined that the prisoner may be shifted to Ahmedabad.HC found the reply problematic and summoned the doctor along with SSG Hospital RMO Dr Babubhai Patel. HC asked the RMO if Dr Katlana had furnished proper information. To this, Dr Patel said that except TMT machine, all other tests are available at SSG Hospital and Dr Katlana's report was not entirely true.Following this revelation, Dr Katlana had to tender an unconditional apology.Zahri Rana sent to five-day police remandAhmedabad: Zahir Rana, who has been arrested in connection with floating ponzi schemes, was sent to five-day police remand by a magisterial court on Friday. Rana has allegedly expanded his network in Mumbai by floating a new company, Dorado.A complaint was filed with Navrangpura police against Rana for duping a woman of Rs 30 lakh. Police said Rana was running his business from his office in Shivam Complex in Navrangpura and was accepting money from investors promising them a return at an interest rate of 10%. When some investors did not receive their money back, they filed a complaint against him.Rana was earlier arrested in 2003 and remained in jail for a couple of years for his infamous venture through his firm Remo Marketing in multi-level business scheme. He was out on bail granted by the Supreme Court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "13730387", "title": "Over 2.50 lakh pilgrims register for Amarnath yatra", "text": "SRINAGAR: More than 2.50 lakh pilgrims have registered themselves for the forthcoming Amarnath yatra to the holy cave shrine in Jammu &amp; Kashmir.The number of pilgrims registered till last evening was 2.55 lakh. The quota for registration through online service as well as at 47 branches of J&K; Bank has been exhausted, chief executive officer of the Shri Amarnath Shrine Board (SASB) N K Chaudhury said.Chaudhury was briefing a meeting yesterday chaired by governor N N Vohra, who is also chairman of the SASB, for reviewing arrangements for the annual pilgrimage scheduled to begin from June 25.The board decided to release additional quota for registration through those J&K; Bank branches where the earlier allotted quota has been exhausted, a spokesman of the SASB said.\"Additional quota for online registration through the website of Jammu and Kashmir Bank has also been made available,\" he said.Meanwhile, fresh snowfall in upper reaches and rains in the plains have hampered the track clearance work.Expressing concern over the inclement weather forecast for the next week, the governor directed the CEO to ensure that additional manpower is deployed to complete all tasks on a war-footing.In a separate meeting, Vohra discussed the security arrangements and deployment of police officers for the coming Yatra with the acting DGP K Rajendra Kumar .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13711313", "title": "CM to Congress MLAs: Go back to voters", "text": "NEW DELHI: The 2013 polls may still be one-and-a-half years away but chief minister Sheila Dikshit on Friday put her MLAs on alert, indicating time is running out and they should start reaching out to the people of their constituencies. Dikshit is unhappy with her MLAs staying away from Bhagidari meetings with residents welfare associations and wants them to pull up their socks.The Congress legislature party (CLP), which met on Friday, decided to meet again on June 9 to discuss the strategy for the 2013 assembly polls. Dikshit, who chaired the meeting, told TOI, \"I want my MLAs to connect with the people of their areas, the RWAs, NGOs and other associations. We will meet on June 9 to discuss ways of improving our outreach programmes so that people know what the government is doing. The MLAs will also tell us the areas where work is required.\" For instance, development of unauthorized colonies and their regularization is one of the prime areas of concern for the government.Since the Congress debacle in the municipal polls in April, the CM has been harping on the need to build a robust communication strategy. Dikshit had cited a well-planned communication campaign as one of the reasons where BJP scored over Congress in the civic polls. On Friday, she reiterated, \"We are not able to project the working of our government to the public. This is an area where we need to put in a lot of work.\"Dikshit added, \"I have also pointed out to my MLAs that they must attend the Bhagidari meetings where we hold video-conferencing and connect with RWAs. MLAs are called but hardly anyone goes. If they go, they will get to know about the problems in their area.\"CLP Spokesperson Mukesh Sharma said, \"The next CLP meeting will solely focus on Operation 2013. MLAs will also discuss their concerns and the problems they face in their areas.\"In April at the end of a \"stocktaking\" to assess the reasons for the Congress debacle in Municipal Polls, Dikshit had set the order for the 2013 assembly elections. Dikshit had directed her MLAs to reach out to the common man with the message of \"development\" by her state government.That the party has much ground to cover in the next one and half year comes through in the results of the civic polls. Not only did the party win just 77 of the 272 wards but still worse the Congress lost by a margin of over 5000 on nearly 42 seats. The wards include areas like Kotla Mubarakpur, Vivek Vihar, Janakpuri North, Pitampura North, Mukherjee Nagar, Moti Nagar, Rajouri Garden and Laxmi Nagar. Political pundits point that wherever the margin is over 5000 it a matter of concern.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13711912", "title": "Judge T Pattabhirama Rao charged with taking bribe for granting bail to Gali faces arrest", "text": "HYDERABAD: The CBI is proceeding to launch criminal proceedings on suspended CBI first additional special judge T Pattabhirama Rao who was charged with taking bribe as a quid pro quo for granting bail to mining baron Gali Janardhana Reddy in the illegal mining case involving his Obulapuram Mining Company (OMC). The CBI is likely to arrest the judge in the case.Following some credible information, the CBI sleuths zeroed in on the bank account held by Pattabhi's son and seized an amount of Rs 3 crore in the Ashok Nagar branch of Bank of Baroda. The CBI officials also identified the role of a retired district judge who allegedly acted as a conduit between Gali and Pattabhirama Rao. The roles played by Gali's brother Somasekhara Reddy and a rowdy sheeter Yadagiri from Nacharam too came to the fore during the probe into the affair. According to CBI sources, an amount of Rs 10 crore was earmarked for getting bail and out of this Rs 6 crore was pocketed by middleman Yadagiri.While unconfirmed reports hinted at the involvement of a minister in the Kiran cabinet and a legislator from Karnataka in the deal that was struck between the judge and Gali, the CBI sources termed it as baseless.The high court launched a separate inquiry cum disciplinary proceedings on the disgraced judge. In all, Gali had applied for bail on four occasions before he was finally granted the same by Pattabhirama Rao on May 11, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13733269", "title": "Director Ramesh Modi displays his artwork", "text": "An exhibition of photographs and paintings by director Ramesh Modi is on in Mumbai this weekendMore than one hundred paintings and photographs that include water, oil colours and sketches are on display at this exhibition being held at a suburban hall. The artist is a poet, writer and director and has been associated with the film industry since the last 25 years.At the opening of the event on June 1, Bollywood personalities Shakti Kapoor and Mukesh Rishi were present.Talking about his interest in paintings and poems, Ramesh Modi said that he used to paint and write poetry when he was in school. When he came to Mumbai, his friend encouraged him to display them at the Bengali Art Club. His paintings, which had a poem on the bottom, were a hit.When asked about his photography he said that he once clicked the photographs of his village swallowed up by river Brahmaputra. When he got the films washed in Mumbai, the studio asked him who shot the pictures. Afraid that the pictures were bad, Ramesh Modi said that it was shot by someone in his village. The studio owner said that they were good photos and Ramesh Modi got a boost in his confidence, although did not get credit for the photos. He said that he couldn't pursue his hobbies for a long time after entering the Hindi movie industry.The exhibition titled 'Dialogue with Silence' is on till June 3 at the Vagad Banquet Hall at Adarsh Nagar, New Link Road, Andheri (W) from 11 am to 8 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13712154", "title": "More than 92% aspirants appear in PhD entrance", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Combined PhD Eligibility Examination 2012 was organized at various centres in the city on Friday. About 92% candidates appeared in the examination which was organised in about 21 centres spread across the city. However, one candidate was caught using unfair means at the Arya Kanya Inter College. He was appearing in the sociology subject.The Combined PhD Eligibility Examination 2012 is being organized by Dr Ram Manohar Lohia Awadh University, Faizabad. This examination is being organized for the first time in Uttar Pradesh. The nodal centre for the examination at Allahabad was Uttar Pradesh Rajarshi Tandon Open University (UPRTOU).Vice-chancellor of UPRTOU prof AK Bakshi inspected many examination centres and took stock of the situation.The PhD examination was organised for about 38 subjects. The examination was conducted in two meetings and arrangements were made at about 21 centres. About 11,044 candidates have reportedly appeared in the examination.Various incharges were deputed at the examination centres so that the examination can be conducted properly. Representatives of Awadh University of Faizabad were also present at the different examination centres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13713959", "title": "India asks UK to ease visa rules", "text": "NEW DELHI: India asked the UK to ease visas for businessmen and entrepreneurs and students and the declining Indian investment climate and a burgeoning economic relationship with the UK formed part of the India-UK foreign office discussions, between foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai and his counterpart Simon Fraser . The engagement is important because the Indo-UK economic relationship is now several notches above political ties.According to official sources, India said it was open to more investment from the UK. Bilateral trade in 2011-12 exceeded $16 billion up from $12.5 billion in 2010-11. The UK is the fourth largest investor in India, and New Delhi is the third largest investor in UK. About 700 Indian companies are operational in the UK.Sources said there was an \"extensive exchange of views on developments in West Asia, including Syria, the situation in Afghanistan and other developments in South Asia and Europe, including the Eurozone crisis\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13711343", "title": "Woman stabbed to death by brother-in-law in Ahmedabad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 25-year-old woman was stabbed to death near Ramdevnagar on Friday morning. Police believe that the murder was committed due to a previous police case and have started search for the assailant.Anandnagar police said that Mahendrasinh Dabhi, 26, had married Harsha Chavda, 24 - a resident of Visatnagar Chhapra in Ramdevnagar - in February this year. \"Soon after marriage, Dabhi, an autorickshaw driver, became abusive and used to beat up Harsha and her elder sister Hansa, 25, along with their mother Chanda, 51,\" said a senior Anandnagar police official.\"Tired of the abuse and violence, Hansa had filed a complaint against Dabhi and his father Vikramsinhon May 7. Since then, Dabhi had been absconding.\"Investigators said that Dabhi tried to intimidate the family members and asked them to take the complaint back. However, Hansa and Harsha were adamant. When Hansa went to the vegetable market near their residence along with Chanda on Friday morning, Dabhi approached the duo on a bike and stabbed Hansa. tnn in the stomach.\"Chanda is blind and had only heard Hansa repeating Dabhi's name,\" said the official. \"We have filed a complaint against him for the murder.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13727146", "title": "The golden opportunity", "text": "KOLKATA: Anant Education Initiative, a CSR initiative undertaken by Infinity Group, is dedicated to empower education by awarding deserving students academic scholarships for higher studies after completion of high school education. Anant's motto is to eliminate poverty by promoting education, culture and all round development of the society without being biased to any cast, creed, faith or race. In 2012, Anant aims to support atleast 2000 students of which 50 per cent would be girls. Also physically impaired students are given preference.Last August, Anant disbursed 252 scholarships to worthy students who had just passed their Class XII exams with flying colours despite belonging from the economically weaker sections of the society from districts like Kolkata, Howrah, North and South 24 Parganas in West Bengal. This year to be eligible for the scholarship, a candidate must secure an aggregate of 70 per cent in Class X or XII recognised board examination. The eligible candidate must also hail from a family whose income should be below than Rs 5000 per month in order to secure the scholarship amount of Rs 6000 per annum, payable at Rs 500 per month through zero balance S/B Bank Accounts.Anant aspires to provide support through educational infrastructure to facilitate higher education, vocational training and motivational workshops to help in overall personality and life style development of these students. To fulfill this dream, Anant has joined hands with Jadavpur University Alumni Association, Presidency University, National Council of Education Bengal and other celebrated institutions to identify and support meritorious students who deserve to get an equal chance of being well educated.Anant has received contributions from Akhil Bharat Marwari Sammelan, Rupa Foundation, SREI Foundation, Bengal Chamber of Commerce and Industries and the Public Relations Society of India, Kolkata to distribute scholarships this year. The donation would be used entirely for scholarships while all the administrative expenses would be borne by Infinity Group.Anant has a target to support 100,000 students by 2020, thus contributing to a nation building process. To be a part of this initiative, a student may collect an application form from the office of Anant Education Initiative or download it from www.ananteducation.org. The last date for submitting these filled in forms is June 12, 2012 for Class X pass outs and June 22, 2012 for Class XII pass outs.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13712086", "title": "Mehfil to celebrate Hazrat Ali's birth anniversary tomorrow", "text": "ALLAHABAD: To commemorate the birthday of Hazrat Ali, series of programmes are being organised in the old localities of Rani Mandi, Dariyabad, Kareli and other areas. Hazrat Ali is the fourth Caliph and cousin of Prophet Mohammad.In this connection, a mehfil would be organised on June 3 at Qazi Saheb Masjid located in Bakshi Bazar. On the occasion, Maulana Syed Jawwad-ul-Haider Jawwadi would speak on the diverse facets of the illustrious personality of Hazrat Ali which is the guiding force for the Muslims. He would also speak on the teachings given by Hazrat Ali and its importance in the present time. Various poets would also recite their poems written in honour of Hazrat Ali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13713616", "title": "Indian Oil Corporation, Cochin Port Trust deal on jetty for LPG terminal", "text": "KOCHI: The proposal to set up an LPG importation terminal up at Puthuvypeen, near here moved closer to reality with the Indian Oil Corporation (IOC) and the Cochin Port Trust (CPT) reaching an agreement on setting up a jetty for super gas tankers.There were differences of opinion between IOC and CPT on the construction of the jetty. The port was planning to construct multi-use liquid terminal (MULT) but the IOC wanted to construct a separate jetty which will be exclusively available for them at least for 161 days in a year.The CPT Chairman Paul Antony said the port will drop MULT proposal if the IOC takes a final decision to go ahead with the proposals to construct the LPG terminal and the jetty.The revised estimates indicate that terminal which will have a capacity to store 0.5 million tonnes of LPG will cost about Rs 480 crores. The project when initially mooted in 2010 was estimated to cost Rs 170 crores.\"Talks between the IOC and CPT are almost final. Only some finer points like sharing of revenues generated from the jetty when the IOC is not using it, are to be finalised,'' A Pandian, Kerala head of the IOC said.\"The IOC board had already approved the project with the earlier estimates, and we are optimistic that the revised estimates will also be approved by the board. We will be able to complete the project in 24 months once we get all clearances,'' said Pandian.The jetty is estimated to cost about Rs 170 crore and IOC will provide the funds for it. The CPT will construct the jetty on behalf of the IOC.The IOC proposes to use the terminal for supplying gas to its three bottling plants in Kerala, at Chelari, Kollam and Udaymaperoor, as well as to Salem and Erode in Tamil Nadu.Currently gas is being transported to these plants from the IOC terminal at Mangalore mainly by road. The new terminal is expected to yield a saving of nearly Rs 200 crores in terms of transportation cost, apart from easing traffic congestion and reducing safety risks, particularly in north Kerala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "13714074", "title": "English and foreign languages varsity campus to open next year", "text": "MALAPPURAM: After the south Indian campus of Aligarh Muslim University (AMU) at Chelamala, now it's the turn of Hyderabad-based English and Foreign Languages University (Eflu) to start an off campus in Malappuram. The institution will start functioning from the next academic year.A team headed by P Madhavan, dean of the university, and associate professor Vipin Kumar visited the proposed site at Edu-Health City campus in Panakkad on Friday. Education minister P K Abdu Rabb and district collector M C Mohandas accompanied the team.The team submitted its report to the vice-chancellor of the university, Sunaina Singh, via e-mail. The members of the team said the university was planning to start classes in its Malappuram campus in the next academic year.Earlier, Eflu authorities had decided to send university representatives headed by Sunaina Singh on June 22.But the decision was changed after the HRD Ministry issued a special order on Thursday to complete the feasibility study as early as possible. Following this, the university appointed the new team and asked the ministry to give an explanation for the delay in the inspection of the land for the Malappuram campus identified by the state government two months ago.It is learnt that Sunaina Singh will also visit the Kerala campus later.Eflu, formerly CIEFL, is a central university in Hyderabad dedicated to the study of English and foreign languages, and is only the one of its kind in south Asia. It has been specially set up to conduct advanced research and training in English and foreign languages in areas of teacher education, literature, linguistics, and interdisciplinary and intercultural studies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13714622", "title": "Heads roll as Naveen Patnaik cracks down", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Odisha CM Naveen Patnaik dealt ruthlessly with the 'coup' plotters within a day of his return from the UK on Friday, sacking two of his ministers and suspending his one-time trusted aide Pyari Mohan Mohapatra.Seen to be close to Mahapatra, Anjali Behera, women and child development minister, and Sanjib Sahu, commerce minister, were sacked, and two other BJD MLAs, Prabhat Biswal and Bibhuti Balabantray, were suspended.Speculation is rife that the axe may also fall on urban development minister Sarada Nayak. \"I've forwarded a letter to the governor recommending dismissal of the ministers,\" Naveen tersely told reporters without giving any reason for his action.Mohapatra, who had rhetorically said nobody would have the guts to expel him from BJD, issued a veiled threat. \"I've fallen victim to a group of conspirators surrounding Naveen. I've worked hard for 12 years for the BJD and Naveen. The people of Odisha should give a fitting reply to this,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13716256", "title": "Four-member team to interview inmates at shelter homes", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab and Haryana high court on Friday constituted a four-member team to visit more shelter homes across Haryana and gather details from the victims of torture and sexual abuse at the Rohtak shelter home run by Jaswanti Devi.The division bench, comprising Acting Chief Justice M M Kumar and Justice Alok Singh, directed the new team to interact with the child victims and submit a report to the court in a week.\"In order to identify the cases of torture and sexually abuse in such shelter homes, we deemed it fit to interview the children and recommend the names of those children who would need medical examination at PGI Chandigarh,\" the bench held.More than 100 children had been moved from the NGO to places like Chhachroli, Gurgaon, Bahadurgarh, Bhiwani, Rohtak, Panipat.The team would visit all the shelter homes of state, wherever, the inmates of Rohtak-based shelter home has been relocated by the state authorities.Earlier, Rohtak city deputy superintendent of police Tula Ram told the court that the Haryana government has conducted the medical examination of eight female inmates of the home at PGI. The police also submitted the sealed medical reports.The bench, rapped the Haryana police, asking why only eight girls were medically examined when 100 stayed at the shelter home.The court also directed the Haryana government to provide vehicles, board and lodging for the team members and to depute a DSP and woman officer to assist the team in discharging their functions.The bench issued the direction after the resumed hearing of a PIL filed by a child rights activist demanding a Special Investigation Team (SIT) probe by members outside Haryana.The team will consist of advocates - Anil Malhotra, Utsav Bains, Puneeta Sethi and Sudeepti Sharma - all from the Punjab and Haryana high court.The case has now been deferred till July 11 for the next hearing.Jaswant's accounts sealedRohtak DSP (city) informed the court that the police have sealed all the bank accounts of Jaswanti and her NGO and requested the Panchkula based Income-Tax authorities to examine all the details of money transactions of the NGO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "13726414", "title": "New management programme", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: On May 11 2012, XLRI School of Business &amp; Human Resources, Jamshedpur, announced the launch of 'Postgraduate Diploma in Management for Working Executives &amp; Entrepreneurs'.Announcing the launch Fr E Abraham SJ, director of XLRI, said, \"Since its inception, XLRI has always been at the forefront to help create a robust management education eco-system for Jharkhand and rest of the country. Lately, we have been receiving quite a few enquiries from interested executives in Jamshedpur-based companies expressing their interest in doing a part-time programme in business management. Therefore, in line with our mission, we have initiated this programme combined with entrepreneurship and experiential learning for individuals in their early or mid-career phase, mostly high-performing employees who are being groomed by their organisation to move into leadership roles.\"He added, \"Distinct from most other executive management programmes, it allows the flexibility of rigorous learning whilst working and also enables acquisition of a diploma which is similar to a full-time diploma programme.\"The programme aims to impart the highest quality of management education to the candidates whilst further developing their knowledge in general management. Candidates who have completed three years of Bachelor's degree or equivalent in any discipline recognised by a university and a minimum of two years of relevant work experience in organisations or as an entrepreneur can apply for this programme.Applicants for this programme will not have to appear for XAT entrance test; however they will have to appear for a personal interview and assessment test. The first batch of this part-time evening programme will commence from August 2012 at XLRI campus. The fee structure for this programme is Rs 7.5 lakh to be paid in installments as decided by the institute.The last date for applying to this programme is June 7, 2012. The information about this program can be obtained from the website of the Institute www.xlri.ac.in/evening.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13719569", "title": "NGO for separate law to protect Upper Lake", "text": "BHOPAL: Following a decision taken by the general council of Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) on May 30, to ban boating in Upper Lake, an international NGO working for safe water, sanitation and hygiene education, has called for enacting a legislation for preservation and protection of drinking water sources.\"We welcome the decision (to ban boating in Upper Lake). But more needs to be done. A legislation should be passed to protect and preserve the Upper Lake\", said Mathew Luckose, regional manager WaterAid India.Quoting World Health Organisation (WHO) guidelines, Luckose said that water safety plans were integral part of the source protection and it was the responsibility of the water suppliers. \"Since BMC supplies drinking water to the citizens of Bhopal, it is its responsibility to protect the sources of our drinking water,\" he said.\"Most of the countries in the world have laws for protection of drinking water sources. What we have in India is just few guidelines to ensure protection. What we need is a legal statute for preservations and protection of drinking water sources,\" the WaterAid representative said.Luckose said that though a Municipal Act exists to protect drinking water source form commercial activities, the need is to enact a legislation to protect drinking water sources from all forms of contamination and pollution. He suggested formation of a protection board for drinking water sources and committees at different levels to take care of large and clusters of small drinking water bodies across the state, particularly those in the cities.However, the BMC doesn't seem to be comfortable with banning the activity in the Upper Lake. \"We know that boating should not take place in the Upper Lake, but we have to take care of the tourism activities here as well,\" BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava said.\"At the same time, we also have to also take care about the water supply in the city,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "poonch", "code": "13734503", "title": "Definitely want to serve Army after cricket: MS Dhoni", "text": "POONCH: An honorary rank-holder for the time being, Indian captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni on Saturday said he would \"definitely\" want to serve the Army actively once he bids adieu to the game.Dhoni, who was inducted as an honorary Lieutenant Colonel in the elite Parachute Regiment last year, is in Poonch to visit the forward area of the Line of Control (LoC) in Jammu region and also take a trip to the base camp of Siachen, the world's highest battlefield.\"Why I got here is because of cricket. I would like to serve actively only after cricket. I don't want my cricket to suffer because that is something I am good at. Once my cricket career is over, I would definitely like to serve in the Army,\" Dhoni told reporters.The World Cup winning captain will visit the Northern Command headquarters in Udhampur on Sunday before leaving for Srinagar on tour of 15 Corps. From there Dhoni will head for the 14 Corps area in Leh and also the Siachen base camp.Dhoni will also visit north Kashmir's Baramulla district on Sunday to witness the final of the first phase of Kashmir Premier League (KPL) at the Shaukat Ali Stadium.\"I will try to go to the frontline. It is very exciting because I will get to see the challenges the officers face. I knew the Army from a distance. Now I am getting to know the Army from close quarters. This is the first time I have come to a forward post,\" he said.The 30-year-old will also be interacting with the families of the Army officers posted in Poonch.\"Families (of the Army officers) come here at this time of the year and I will get a chance to interact with them and I am sure the next few days would be exciting,\" he said.On the of-repeated issue of Indo-Pak bilateral cricket ties, Dhoni said, \"It is important to make a start because sports is something that breaks barriers. The two boards have to decide when they decide to play each other. I have to go out there and play. So we will wait and see.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13711332", "title": "Spiderman of Gujarat netted", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Spiderman of the state has been arrested by the city crime branch. This Spiderman, Jayesh Patel (37), is no crime fighter and has built his career on the wrong side of the law.Patel, who was arrested on Friday from Astodia, has committed no fewer than 150 burglaries in various parts of the state.Jayesh, a resident of Amreli, was arrested when he was on his way to meet his lover in Astodia.As his nick-name suggests, Jayesh is an expert in scaling buildings and walls. In all his burglaries, he never had to break any door lock. He had always managed to climb up to his target-home and get in through balcony and windows. All he needed for his nocturnal operations was a large screwdriver which he effectively used to undo window latches.Crime branch officials who arrested Jayesh have recovered gold ornaments and cash, whose value amounts to Rs 7.5 lakh. The ace burglar was caught on a tip-off received by police inspector K K Patel. Patel's informants had told him that Jayesh - who is active in Ahmedabad, Vadodara, Surat, Rajkot and Kutch - would soon be in the city to meet his lover, a married woman. Patel told TOI: \"He has confessed to thefts in Vadodara. He shall be soon handed over to the Vadodara police.Some five years back, Jayesh was first arrested in the city. \"During interrogation he had confessed to no fewer than 100 house break-ins in Ahmedabad alone,\" said a senior police official.\"He also has the dubious distinction of escaping thrice from police custody.\"Based on the tip-off about the meeting, sub-inspector N D Goswami was deputed to be on the lookout. Tracking Jayesh's moves led the cops to the married woman. \"We have evidence to suggest that Jayesh was in an illicit relationship with the woman,\" said a source. \"When he came to the state transport bus stand at Astodia, a crime branch team arrested him.\" When he was grilled by the crime branch, Jayesh was quick to please the cops. \"This is his usual modus operandi,\" said a crime branch official. \"When he is caught, he volunteers to confess to his crimes to evade tough interrogation. Till date, he has confessed to 50 thefts in Vadodara and Kutch during the past one year. He told us that the cash he stole had been spent. The gold ornaments that he stole had been converted to gold biscuits which he later sold.\"The money generated through these operations was invested in purchasing cars, autorickshaws, and loading rickshaws. \"Jayesh owns several vehicles which are given out on lease to private persons in various cities of Gujarat,\" said the crime branch official. \"This is his way of multiplying his ill-gotten wealth. He began his career in theft in 1995 and till date has stolen valuables and cash worth more than Rs 1 crore.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13711286", "title": "Babu transfer: Delhi ready for conditional release", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the Union home ministry staying firm on transferring senior civil servants, chief minister Sheila Dikshit eased her position on the transfer of her bureaucratic top brass on Friday. The Delhi government is likely to relieve the officials but only after getting their replacement from other Union territories. Dikshit may, however, manage to keep a few in the capital for a longer duration.As many as 25 officers of Delhi and Andaman &amp; Nicobar Islands, including at least eight IAS officers holding prime portfolios in the Delhi administration, are likely to be on the transfer list issued on May 29.\"Transfer of officials may certainly be a non-issue for the Union home minister but for us this is a big issue as it pertains to the administration of my government. Transfers cannot happen unilaterally,\" Dikshit said on Friday.\"We have given the home ministry a big picture of Delhi and a comparison with the other Union territories. We want the home ministry to review the transfer policy. It cannot be that one state is overfed and the other remains unfed. The balance in terms of the number of officials has to be right,\" Dikshti said.On Thursday, Union home minister P Chidambaram termed the transfer issue as nothing but \"administrative hiccups\". He had said the transfers were happening as per the norms and the difference of opinion between the state and the Centre over one or two officials would be resolved soon.Sources said chief secretary P K Tripathi met the home ministry top brass again on Friday to press Delhi's case and had reinforced the need to make transfers a consultative process through a joint cadre authority.The issue of transfers turned controversial earlier this week between the Delhi Government and union home ministry. On Tuesday Diksht had met Chidambaram to express her angst over transferring too many officials in one go and shared her anxiety over how administration will be affected.On Thursday, the Delhi Andaman &amp; Nicobar Islands Civil Service Officers Association met the Delhi CM seeking reprieve and later wrote to the home ministry seeking urgent intervention to review the transfers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13712359", "title": "CBI reaches office of CM in Adarsh probe", "text": "MUMBAI: Investigations into the Adarsh housing society scam have reached the chief minister's office. The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), which is probing the matter, has asked for details of inward and outward registers maintained by the CM's secretariat.Ravindra Singh, superintendent of police, CBI, has sought this information for the 11-year period between 1999 and 2010. Promoters of the Adarsh housing society had first sought allotment of a piece of land in 1999.Details of communication received by the CM's office is reflected in the inward register while the outward register maintains records of dispatches from the CM's office. The CBI has also sought details of visitors reflected in the official diary maintained by the CM's secretariat for the period. Details of the visitors' diary maintained at the chief minister's official residence, Varsha, at Malabar Hill have also been sought.The CBI has requested for data on both VIP visitors and those from the general public.The agency has said that it wants this record as part of its investigations of the case against the 14 Adarsh accused, who have been charged for criminal conspiracy under the IPC and under various sections of the Prevention of Corruption Act and the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act.The accused include former CM Ashok Chavan , former municipal commissioner Jairaj Phatak, former urban development (UD) principal secretary Ramanand Tiwari, former collector Pradeep Vyas, Adarsh promoters RC Thakur, Kanhaiyalal Gidwani and Brig. (retd.) MM Wanchu, and seven others. Roles of three former CMs-Vilasrao Deshmukh, Sushilkumar Shinde and Ashok Chavan-have come under scanner in the wake of the controversy.Singh, however, refused to comment on the matter. \"These are matters of routine investigation,\" he said.The CBI had earlier told the Bombay high court that it would complete investigations in the case by June 15. On May 29, the court released seven of the nine arrested accused on bail after the CBI failed to file a charge sheet within the stipulated period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "13713670", "title": "Fishermen go missing", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: Two fishermen went missing in the rough seas off Alappuzha coast on Friday.Sarathan, 50, of Puthuval, Punnapra went missing from the fishing boat near Thottappally Fishing Harbour around 6.45 am. The incident occurred within Thottapally Coastal Police Station limits.Ambalappuzha CI P V Baby said the sea was rough at that time and the fishing boat lost control in the strong waves. The three fishermen including Sarathan lost their balance and fell into the sea. However except Sarathan, other two fishermen escaped with minor injuries.In another incident, Joyichan, 38, Arattukulangara, Chettikadu also went missing after he fell into the sea from his boat around 6 am.Fisheries minister K Babu was blocked by the fishermen at Thotapally on Friday who claimed that the minister had ignored the problems of the fishermen.The minister, who arrived at Alappuzha for attending a public function, visited the harbour after the fisherman went missing in the sea.'\"When the minister came the fishermen were staging a dharna demanding immediate steps for ensuring their safety at harbour. They blocked the minister and shouted slogans against the government. We have registered a case against 25 fishermen in connection with the incident,'' a police official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "tokyo", "code": "13717943", "title": "Nature\u2019s fury gets Japanese to bond at dining table", "text": "TOKYO: It was a year that most people in Japan would like to erase from their memory at the earliest. But the earthquake, the tsunami and the nuclear power plant disaster at Fukushima in 2011 has done one good for the country: it brought families together at the dining table.A study, revealed by Japan's cabinet office on Thursday, has found that the frequency of eating breakfast with family members among 20-year-olds and above shot up by about 10% between December 2010 and 2011, while the frequency of having dinner rose by 16% in just one year.Speaking to TOI in Tokyo, Fukue Seino from the cabinet office said that while 50.1% families ate breakfast together in December, 2010, the figure rose to 60.3% last December. Also, 71.6% families enjoyed a meal together every night in December, 2011, as against 56.5% last year.Seino said, \"As part of the Shokuiku (food education) promotion, we carried out a study to see how many families were eating together and found a substantial difference in the number of families catching up on breakfast and dinner in 2011 compared to 2012. After the horrific natural calamities, more and more Japanese families are staying together and catching up on meals at home.\"The cabinet office says in 2010, frequency of eating together with family for breakfast or dinner (average times/ week) was nine times. The government has set itself a new target under the second five-year national Shokuiku plan to increase this 'per week eating together frequency' to 10 times or more by 2015.\"It was becoming evident that young people were skipping breakfast. A family meal is a great venue to teach kids about food values and nutrition. Scientists have also shown skipping breakfast can be a big cause for diabetes,\" Seino added.The cabinet office's latest data shows a decrease in the number of elementary school students (fifth-graders ) eating breakfast with their families - from 29.4% (2007) to 26.6% (2010). The same group eating elementary fifth-graders eating dinner together with their families increased marginally, from 57.6% in 2007, to 59.2% in 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13712172", "title": "CBI arrests senior Securities and Exchange Bureau of India official for graft", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A deputy general manager of Securities and Exchange Bureau of India (SEBI), Avarjeet Singh and a practicing company secretary, Ashok Mehta were arrested by CBI on bribery charges. Mehta, who was acting as middleman for the SEBI official, was arrested from a hotel in Ellisbridge area of Ahmedabad while allegedly accepting Rs 10 lakh bribe for Singh. After Mehta's arrest on Thursday night, CBI nabbed Singh from Delhi on Friday.The arrests came following a complaint from Sarfaraz Khan, promoter of city-based trading company SV Enterprise. After this, CBI officials laid a trap and called Mehta to Ahmedabad. SEBI had in a September 2011 order barred SV Enterprise and nine other broking firms for alleged market manipulation using Global Depository Receipts (GDR) issues and initiated an enquiry. \"Singh was conducting investigation in the GDR case and had issued a show cause notice to SV Enterprise. After the notice was served, Khan came in contact with Mehta who assured to get the work done in his favour, claiming that he was in close contact with the SEBI official,\" said a senior CBI official.CBI officials said that Mehta, who arranged a meeting between Singh and Khan, allegedly demanded Rs 25 lakh from the complainant on behalf of the SEBI official.\"During the meeting, Singh asked Khan to give the bribe amount to Mehta. He told Khan to pay Rs 10 lakh as the first installment. But, Khan soon approached us and lodged complaint against Singh and Mehta,\" said the official.CBI officials then laid a trap and asked Khan to call Mehta to Ahmedabad to collect Rs 10 lakh. \"At the hotel, Mehta collected Rs 10 lakh on Singh's behalf. CBI officials who were in the hotel arrested Mehta along with the cash. They then trapped Singh who was in Delhi,\" said a CBI official. Officials said that Mehta, who hails from Indore, has been practising as a company secretary in Mumbai.In the GDR case, SEBI had barred the broking firms after it found that they manipulated share prices after issuing GDRs.Complainant held in betel nut import caseThe complainant in the case, Sarfaraz Khan runs a trading firm SV Enterprise from Juhapura. In November last year, Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) officials had arrested Khan in an Rs 5-crore betel nut import case where Khan was allegedly procuring betel nuts from Indonesia but showed imports from Sri Lanka to evade duty. Along with Khan, DRI officials had also arrested Ashok Pancharia, the alleged mastermind behind the operation. Interestingly, in the SEBI order barring SV Enterprise, another Ahmedabad-based broking firm Pan Asia Advisors Ltd was also banned from market operations. Pan Asia Advisors has Pancharia's brother Arun as the promoter. While the inquiry against SV Enterprise was still pending, the ban on Pancharia was upheld by SEBI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "13717268", "title": "Jamshedpur bus services cancelled for Bihar violence", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Bus services between Jamshedpur and Bihar were hit after violence erupted in Ara following the killing of Ranvir Sena founder Brahmeshwar Singh on Friday.Soon after reports of violence reached here, bus owners decided not to send their vehicles to Bihar. \"The dozen-odd buses that leave for the six districts of Bihar's Bhojpur division were cancelled for the day,\" said Long Route Bus Owners' Association president Upender Singh.He added that the number of buses going to Bihar could be relatively less on Friday.\"We are keeping an eye on the situation in Bihar,\" said Singh.On Thursday also, bus services were cancelled because of the NDA-sponsored Bharat bandh. \"On an average, we lose about Rs 1 crore every time we have a bandh,\" he added.\"Given the history of the caste conflict in Bihar, we fear that the situation may take a few more days to be normal,\" said Ranjit Singh, a bus owner.Passengers were also equally worried about the situation. \"I booked a ticket for my aged mother for a bus to Ara on Friday. The bus was cancelled later in the afternoon,\" said 37-year-old insurance underwriter Manoj Kumar Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13714651", "title": "Crime branch arrests Jayant Jhamre's wife", "text": "NAGPUR: A special squad of crime branch nabbed alleged fraudster Jayant Jhamre's wife Varsha from a relative's house at Nashik on Friday. The Jhamre couple, joint proprietors of JS Financial and capital services at Trimurti Nagar, had sneaked away after closing their office earlier this month. They had not repaid money taken from several investors in a scam to the tune of nearly Rs 25 crores.Luring investors with interest as high as 4-6% per month, the Jhamres had duped around 1,700 depositors from the city, including several retired citizens and government employees. TOI had reported in its June 15, 2011, on the perils of investing in such private schemes after having spoken to Jayant and his executives. There were also detailed guidelines regarding safe investment based on suggestions from several experts.Police said the Jhamres had been in the business for three years. They also owned substantial property on the outskirts of the city, which they offered as security to those investing more than Rs 5 lakhs.It has also come to fore that the Jhamres used to invest the money given by investors in shares and other speculative channels, from where they generated huge income. Police said the Jhamres had a unique modus operandi. They always enticed investors by offering them postdated cheques up front, where they showed handsome returns on the principal amount.Police said the scheme bombed when the share markets fell and the realty scenario in Nagpur too faced a slump. When their cheques started bouncing, investors started coming forward and complaining. As the pressure from depositors mounted, the Jhamres fled the city on May 19-20. Apart from their office, the residence at Swavlambi Nagar too was left locked when the Jhamres became untraceable.The depositors assembled near the office of the Jhamres last week and started an agitation. The depositors approached Rana Pratap Nagar police station to lodge an offence. Crime branch was handed over the probe earlier this week.Senior inspector Deepak Palav's team of crime branch's economic offence wing has already recorded the statement of several depositors. It is learnt that the police are now trying to zero down upon the properties owned by Jhamre and seize them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13713639", "title": "Some pumps run dry as protesting owners refuse to lift stock", "text": "NAGPUR: After witnessing another petroleum price hike, the city may have to brace for a fuel shortage now. As state government increased the rate of value added tax (VAT) levied on petrol and diesel by 1 and 3% respectively, for outlets within municipal limits, dealers from Friday are on a strike and would not be lifting fresh stock for three days.Even as the dealers' association claims that any outlet at a given point of time has enough stock to last till three days and so the strike may not affect the consumers, it has already begun taking its toll. A few petrol pumps have run dry with some others on the way. As against around 50 tankers entering the city from oil depots, only 14 came on Friday.After the VAT hike, petrol is now priced at Rs 82.10 a litre and diesel at Rs 48.31 within municipal limits. The dealers under the aegis of the Nagpur Petrol and HSD Dealers Association say since the tax has been only hiked for the outlets within municipal limits, it will hit the business of those operating in the city.Given the city's size, it does not take much time to move out of the octroi limits in any direction. The rate difference is substantial outside the city limits. One can buy petrol at Rs 76.99 and diesel at Rs 44.65 from a filling station outside the city limits. There are outlets within just a km from the octroi post.There are chances that fuel rates may come down as the government plans to effect a reduction of Rs 1.60 a litre which should nullify the impact of the VAT hike. There was a little confusion in calculating the new rates as the revised rates were corrected after a recalculation.Vice-president of the Dealers' Association, Vilas Salpekar, who admitted that the hike may take away the business of outlets within city limits, said the strike is also a gesture of dealers' solidarity towards consumers' who are reeling under the rising fuel prices.In Dharampeth one of the pumps had run dry with another in its vicinity had customers scrambling to buy the depleting stock. Manoj Tiwari, proprietor of BPCL's outlet at Shankar Nagar said the stock may not last beyond afternoon on Saturday after which no fresh supplies will be brought. Another outlet, which had plans to refill on Friday, did not do so following the association's decision to go on a strike. The pump has now gone dry.The district supply officer Prashant Kale said the dealers can face action under the essential commodities act. However, they have assured that the outlets have stock enough to last till three days. \"The dealers claim that the strike is just a means to send a message across to the government,\" he added.Officials of oil companies too said that there have been no reports of pumps going dry. Moreover, company-run pumps will continue functioning. Each of the three oil companies has their self-operated outlets in the city. \"Consumers are not expected to face much inconvenience,\" said an official from an oil company.WHERE TO FILL PETROLIf pumps run dry in city limits, try the Indian Oil company outlets at Kasturchand Park, Medical Square and Manewada. Bharat Petroleum and Hindustan Petroleum have outlets outside city limits", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13715384", "title": "Court restrains Stella Maris from taking excess fees", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has restrained Stella Maris College from collecting fee in excess of the government-approved fee structure for aided undergraduate and postgraduate courses in the college.A vacation bench comprising Justice K Venkataraman and Justice C S Karnan passed the interim order on a public interest writ petition filed by a Catholic forum on Wednesday.In its PIL, the Federation of the Catholic Faithful represented by its general secretary A Clement Selvaraj, submitted that Stella Maris College, established in 1947, was a fully aided college.Once an educational institution is granted aid or aspires for recognition, certain restrictions imposed by the government would come into operation, the plea says, adding that in May 1997 the government had issued an order stipulating 500 as tuition fee for BA course and 750 for BSc course. Similar pay structure has been laid down for the postgraduate courses as well.Instead of collecting the stipulated amount, the college had been collecting exorbitant fees, almost on a par with self-finance courses, it said.According to the petitioner, the college collected an average of 11,360 for BA history, and 15,060 for BCom. For BSc botany, it collected 12,460, it said, adding that the collected fee was about 20 times more than the fee structure prescribed by the government.Though an aided college could not collect separate fee for \"college development\", \"student amenities\" and \"environment study\", the college had been collecting 2,500 towards \"college development\" and 2,000 for building maintenance.Describing the fee as unauthorized, the Catholic forum contended that the expenses incurred by an aided institution for fully aided courses would amount to unlawful and unaccounted account.He wanted the court direct the college to submit a statement of account of the fee collected for aided undergraduate and postgraduate courses for the academic year 2011-2012 and maintain the amount in a separate bank account. CHENNAI: The Madras high court has restrained Stella Maris College from collecting fee in excess of the government-approved fee structure for aided undergraduate and postgraduate courses in the college.A vacation bench comprising Justice K Venkataraman and Justice C S Karnan passed the interim order on a public interest writ petition filed by a Catholic forum on Wednesday.In its PIL, the Federation of the Catholic Faithful represented by its general secretary A Clement Selvaraj, submitted that Stella Maris College, established in 1947, was a fully aided college.Once an educational institution is granted aid or aspires for recognition, certain restrictions imposed by the government would come into operation, the plea says, adding that in May 1997 the government had issued an order stipulating 500 as tuition fee for BA course and 750 for BSc course. Similar pay structure has been laid down for the postgraduate courses as well.Instead of collecting the stipulated amount, the college had been collecting exorbitant fees, almost on a par with self-finance courses, it said.According to the petitioner, the college collected an average of 11,360 for BA history, and 15,060 for BCom. For BSc botany, it collected 12,460, it said, adding that the collected fee was about 20 times more than the fee structure prescribed by the government.Though an aided college could not collect separate fee for \"college development\", \"student amenities\" and \"environment study\", the college had been collecting 2,500 towards \"college development\" and 2,000 for building maintenance.Describing the fee as unauthorized, the Catholic forum contended that the expenses incurred by an aided institution for fully aided courses would amount to unlawful and unaccounted account.He wanted the court direct the college to submit a statement of account of the fee collected for aided undergraduate and postgraduate courses for the academic year 2011-2012 and maintain the amount in a separate bank account.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13734814", "title": "Choose water over fizzy drinks, cut diabetes risk", "text": "Women who choose plain water over sweet fizzy drinks or fruit juice have a lower risk of developing diabetes, a new study has revealed.According to researchers at the Harvard School of Public Health, replacing sweet drinks with water could help stave off the metabolic disorder, but adding water to the sugary beverages a person consumes throughout the day won't make a difference.The results are based on the drinking habits of 83,000 women followed for more than a decade.Lead researcher Frank Hu said it is well established that sugary beverages are bad for people running a diabetes risk.\"People have recommended drinking plain water instead of sugar-sweetened beverages\", he said, \"and the question is whether this kind of substitution has any impact on diabetes\".Hu and his team collected data from the massive Nurses Health Study, which tracked the health and lifestyle of tens of thousands of women across the U.S.The study included 82,902 women who answered questions about their diet and health over a 12-year span.Over time, about 2,700 of them developed diabetes.The amount of water women drank did not seem to influence their diabetes risk - those who drank more than six cups a day had the same risk as women who drank less than one cup a day.However, sugar-sweetened drinks and fruit juice were tied to a higher risk of diabetes - about 10 per cent higher for each cup consumed each day.The research team estimated that if women replaced one cup of fizzy drink or fruit juice with one cup of plain water, their diabetes risk would fall by 7 or 8 per cent.While it is not a huge reduction in the risk, \"because diabetes is so prevalent in our society, even 7 or 8 per cent reduction in diabetes risk is quite substantial in terms of the population,\" Hu said.About 10 per cent of women, or 12.6 million, have diabetes in the U.S.A 7 per cent reduction would mean that instead of ten out of every 100 women having diabetes, the number would be closer to nine out of every 100.The study also found that unsweetened coffee or tea might be a good alternative to sugary beverages.The researchers estimated that replacing one cup of a carbonated drink or fruit juice with one cup of coffee or tea could reduce the risk of developing diabetes by 12 to 17 per cent.Hu said that the study is important in pointing out that fruit juice is not an optimal substitute for soda or other sugar-sweetened drinks.\"The reality is those juices contain the same amount of calories and sugar as soft drinks,\" he was quoted as saying.The bottom line, he said, is that plain water is one of the best calorie-free choices for drinks, and \"if the water is too plain, you can add a squeeze of lemon or lime\".The study has been published in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13715253", "title": "CAG starts second audit into oil and gas blocks", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even as the Coalgate controversy rages, the UPA government could be staring at another damaging report from its official auditor, the Comptroller and Auditor General, as it has started its second audit of four oil and gas blocks and may come up with the final report by the winter session of Parliament.The second report on the performance of the hydrocarbons sector is likely to come up with a loss figure as it is believed that the government lost vital revenue due to increase in capital expenditure by some private companies.The auditor has the mandate this time to look into profits accruing to the private companies out of the gas production and sale made from these blocks for a three year period up to 2011-12.In its first performance audit of the hydrocarbons sector released last year, CAG had audited the accounts of Reliance Industries Ltd's KG D6 basin and Anil Aggarwal's Cairn for two years -- 2006-07 and 2007-08. Joint venture contracts in Panna-Mukta-Tapi (PMT) could not be audited as accounts were not provided to the auditor.This time, the CAG will audit the accounts of PMT for five years between 2006-07 and 2011-12, sources said. The auditors have the mandate to look into the profits accruing to these private companies out of the sale of gas from these fields and if they had digressed from the original production-sharing contract with the government.The CAG has constituted four teams of auditors who have already been deputed to the four gas fields to look into the books of accounts and inspect the production sites. The auditors are also simultaneously seeking relevant documents and files from the oil ministry and the Directorate General of Hydrocarbons (DGH).The oil ministry and DGH had come in for severe criticism from the auditors in their first audit report. The CAG had accused RIL of violating terms of the contract for its Andhra offshore acreage and expressed doubt over the capital expenditure made by the company.The report had also suggested that the oil ministry played along with the exploration regulator's decision which was not in line with provisions of the contract.It was alleged that RIL had increased its capital expenditure estimate from $2.4 billion to $5.2 billion during the period. Since operators are allowed to recover their investment from oil/gas sale revenue before sharing profit with the government, any increase in capex impacts the Centre's take.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13714715", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation OKs Jamghat project to get enough water for 80 lakh population", "text": "NAGPUR: In a major development, the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has decided to implement the Jamghat Reservoir proposed jointly by the government of Maharashtra and Madhya Pradesh. With this project, the civic body will be able to provide water to a population of 80 lakh once the project is completed. Presently, the city's population is 25 lakh,This decision was taken in a meeting held between officials of NMC and water resources department (WRD) on Friday. Municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal conveyed the acceptance for the project through the WRD officials. Additional deputy municipal commissioner Ravindra Kumbhare, executive engineer Prakash Urade and other officials were present on behalf of NMC.Revealing details of the project, Urade told TOI the Jamghat project will come as a great relief for NMC, since the proposed Rahari project turned out to be unfeasible. \"WRD had allocated 112 million meter cube (MMC) water from Totladoh reservoir on permanent basis while 78 MMC on temporary basis. Besides, allocation of 66 MMC had been given from Kanhan river. The NMC is supplying 640 million litres per day water to the city from these allocations, which is enough to cater to the existing population of around 25 lakh,\" said Urade.He added that the population of the city is expected to increase to 47.50 lakh by 2031. Besides, the NMC will also have to provide water to the metro region. \"The estimated population of the metro region in 2031 would be 32.50 lakh, so NMC will require additional water allocation of 12.647 thousand million cubic feet (TMC). It is a big challenge for the NMC to source such huge quantity of water,\" he said.Urade said deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar had convened a meeting a year ago in the city. \"Jaiswal raised the issue of water requirement of the city and requested Pawar for additional allocation of water. Pawar directed WRD to chalk out a plan. Accordingly, WRD prepared the proposal of Jamghat project and submitted it to the NMC. WRD has proposed to allocate 254.89 MMC from the Jamghat project to NMC while WRD will get 283.16 MMC. The remaining water will be allocated for irrigation. But NMC has decided to request the state government to allocate total 283.16 MMC water to it. After getting the additional allocation, NMC will have to give up temporary reservation of 78 MMC from Totladoh Reservoir, which will be used for irrigation. The NMC will get 283.16 MMC water from the project after its completion,\" he said.He also said the reservoir will be constructed in Pandhurna tehsil of Chhindwara district in MP at an estimated cost of Rs 700 crore. \"MP will construct a hydro project at the reservoir. The water passing through the hydro project will be stored at a reservoir proposed to be constructed at Jeevani Khapa, also in MP. WRD will get 283.16 MMC from this reservoir. The water will be brought to Vena Reservoir on Amravati road via an 80-km water pipeline. NMC will have to lay water pipeline of around 20km from Vena reservoir to NMC's Gorewada reservoir,\" he said.Urade said the proposal will be sent to the general body for its consent. \"Jaiswal has directed us to take approval of the general body. The proposal will be sent to the Government after approval by the general body,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13712576", "title": "Sessions court acquits two in Panaji murder case", "text": "PANAJI: The sessions court, North Goa, at Panaji recently gave the benefit of doubt to the two accused charged for committing the murder of a labourer, Ramesh Dangi, in Panaji in 2011.According to the police, on the night of January 7, 2011, Rajendra Bhandari and Maktum Hussain Bharoti had killed the deceased with a laterite stone, due to previous enmity. The body of the deceased was found opposite an Udupi hotel near Azad maidan, Panaji.The prosecution examined seven witness in support of their case.The prosecution's case was based on a statement given by another labourer, Indrakumar (since deceased) that there was fight between the victim and Bhandari on the night of the incident. Indrakumar had told the police that a medium-sized laterite stone, which he had given to Bhandari to use as a pillow, was used to kill the deceased.Advocate M Menezes, who appeared for the accused, argued that a false case was slapped against the accused. While acquitting the accused, the sessions court judge, Nutan D Sardessai, observed thus: \"The prosecution has miserably failed to establish any nexus of the accused with the crime. There was not an iota of evidence to show that the two accused were anywhere in the vicinity of the scene of the crime.\"Though it was established from the autopsy report that there were nine injuries on the body of the deceased, the prosecution had failed to prove that any of the accused had any role to play in Dangi's death, the court noted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13712234", "title": "'73 out of 116 road accident deaths due to head injuries'", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A traffic department report revealing that 73 out of 116 road accident deaths in the past five months in the region were due to head injuries has left the officials of traffic police department worried .The cops referring to recent Nawabganj road mishap case wherein two persons of a family were killed due to head injuries, have once again appealed two wheeler riders to wear helmet in all circumstances.Cops claimed that wearing of helmet of good quality can save the life of riders in case of collision /mishaps . A rider driving bike or scooter is most likely to sustain injuries no matter what he hits a pedestrian, a stray cattle or collides with another two or four wheeler.Cops further claimed that despite taking out a series of awareness camps, riders oftenly ignore the appeal and they sometimes become the victims of mishaps in fatal and non-fatal categories.The cops have further mooted a proposal to launch a campaign with a new slogan 'Wear helmet and save live.'The report, however, revealed that a section of riders either carry the helmet with them or they do not strap the belt properly.The fact is that only a properly strapped helmet below the chin is effective, otherwise its wearing is useless. When a rider collides with any object, the helmet remains on the head if strapped properly.For instance, a rider travelling at a speed of more than 15 kmph without any protection, the human body, particularly the head, would not able to tolerate the impact if any object is hit with a speed higher.The most important aspect is proper strapping system as it is essential to wear a well-fitting helmet.Traffic Inspector, IP Singh is of the view that helmet not only gives protection to rider but it also helps in building the confidence.He added that we would soon be installing hoardings and posters at major crossings highlighting the importance of helmets. Cops have urged the young riders to desist from wearing sub-standard helmet, citing the example of mishap in Phaphamau, where the pieces of the sub-standard helmet got pierced into the rider's head when he collided with a speeding vehicle coming from opposite direction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13712376", "title": "Colony residents okay with rehab, Metro on course", "text": "JAIPUR: As the affected house owners of the Ved Vatika colony has shown consent to take land in Swej Farm near Jyoti Rao Phoole College, Metro officials now have ray of hope to start construction work between Shyam Nagar and Ram Nagar stations soon. Parts of Ved Vatika colony has been acquired for the Jaipur Metro rail project and the affected house owners have been refusing to take lands far away from their colony and have also been demanding proper compensation.\"The affected house owners have agreed to take land near Swej Farm. Rehabilitation process will be completed soon,\" Shuchi Sharma, additional commissioner of Jaipur Development Authority (JDA).The Jaipur Metro Rail Corporation (JMRC) has allotted approximately 1,100 meters of land to the owners whose land has been acquired for the Jaipur metro project.Though, the house owners have shown consent as they were \"forced\" and had no other option, many of them are disappointed by the map of the colony. \"The shape of the plots is not appropriate. Also, road in the colony is very narrow unlike JDA approved colony,\" said Yuvraj Singh, an affected house owner.Other affected house owners also claimed that the JMRC is paying compensation according to the Public Works Department (PWD) BSR rates of 2006. They claimed that as PWD BSR rates are very less and they will not be able to construct their houses again with the compensation provided.As delay in possession of land continues at two points on the Jaipur Metro's 9.8 km route (Mansarovar to Chandpole), the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) had also written a letter to the state government to not hold it responsible for the delay in the project.\"In our correspondence with the state government, we have mentioned that the dateline to complete the civil work at the points where the land is not transferred till date will only be decided after the DMRC took possession of land,\" a highly placed source at the DMRC said.Also, in the letter, it was mentioned that the DMRC should not be held responsible for the delay in project, if there is further delay in land transfer. \"The land was expected to be transferred in December. The work, including piling, peering, and laying of bed for tracks, requires around 12 to 13 months' time,\" the source added.So far, the work between Shyam Nagar and Ram Nagar stations has not started. Similarly, possession of land of Saini House situated between Jaipur railway station and Sindhi Camp has also not been taken by the JMRC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "13713600", "title": "In memory of their beloved 'daddy'", "text": "THRISSUR: It was built in the early 1900s and in the 107 years of its existence, the Bethesda Boys Home at Irinjalakuda has changed the lives of hundreds of deprived children.\"When two missionaries, N Nagel and Koher, founded a home for deprived boys in the early 1900s, they had a clear vision - to give these children a better living condition and study facilities along with inculcating faith and trust in the Almighty,\" said Ben Jacob George, one of the patrons of the Bethesda, who is a chartered accountant in Dubai.The late Dr John George, who ran this orphanage for over three decades till his death in 2011, has also contributed much to its growth. The inmates as well as the locals in Irinjalakuda used to call him 'daddy', said Ben. \"Dr John changed the lives of hundreds of children who would have had a miserable life had they not met him,\" he added.On Friday, the family members and friends of Dr John George along with former inmates of Bethesda opened a new building named after Dr John George. Minister of excise and ports K Babu inaugurated the function.There are 35 inmates here at present. The new building has bedrooms with attached bathrooms, sick room, in-door playground, computer centre and other facilities. \"We want to live up to the dreams of those two missionaries and our 'daddy', and we want to mitigate the miseries of kids here. The computer centre was put in place as we didn't want our kids to feel inferior when they go out for a job. All our children are studying in nearby local schools and perform well in curricular and extra-curricular activities,\" said Ben.\"Daddy was very loving and caring, and always ensured our happiness. He was very fond of music and used to bring masters to train us in tabla, harmonium and violin. He helped us believe in future,\" said Ramesh, who was brought to Bethesda at the age of five. Now retired from naval service, he spends his free time with the inmates at the boys' home, which is also called the 'House of Mercy'. \"But I was not the youngest to be brought here. I still remember daddy bringing an eight-day-old baby here. He was named Jobin and is now working with an MNC in Dubai ,\" said Ramesh.\"It's not about making these children doctors, engineers or high profile professionals; it's about making them believe in life and making them good human beings,\" said Ben.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13729805", "title": "Clinton wants Clooney to portray him in biopic", "text": "Bill Clinton has said that he would pick George Clooney over Brad Pitt to play him in his biopic.The former president has said that Pitt is \"too good-looking,\" during a Thursday night appearance on 'Piers Morgan Tonight.'Clinton gushed to guest host Harvey Weinstein about Clooney's performance in the Oscar-winning flick, 'The Descendants'.\"He was so good in it, so real,\" the New York Daily News quoted Clinton as saying.But he added that some prosthetics might be in order to make Clooney look more like himself.\"You could bulbous things on his nose,\" Clinton said, referring to his own infamous schnoz.And for the actress to play his wife and current Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton , he replied saying \" Meryl Streep .\"Clooney is no stranger to playing politicians on the big screen - he played a presidential candidate in the 2011 film, 'The Ides of March,' starring alongside Ryan Gosling .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13712515", "title": "State government wants to drive traffic awareness home with Amitabh Bachchan", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra government may script a new role for actor Amitabh Bachchan . Minister of state for home Satej Patil has requested him to be the state's brand ambassador for creating traffic awareness.\"Actors have a great influence on people. Their impact on society is greater, especially if the star is of Bachchan's stature. Taking this into account, the home department thought of inviting him for its campaign on traffic awareness,\" Patil said. \"The actor had on a social networking site expressed anguish over the death of 27 people in an accident near Khalapur on the Mumbai-Pune expressway last Sunday.The government decided to approach him after reading his comments,\" Patil added.Bachchan, who is a brand ambassador for the Gujarat government, while posting his comment on the accident, had stated that motorists should be given training on the dos and don'ts while driving on the expressway.A senior home department official said besides roping in a brand ambassador, the administration should focus on making provisions for stringent punishment for rash and negligent driving. \"Licences of drivers involved in fatal accidents should be cancelled for lifetime. A list of erring drivers should be shared with the transport authorities of all states, so that the offender cannot apply for a new licence,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13711460", "title": "Time to question quota parameters", "text": "Muslims have received a body blow with the AP high court striking down the 4.5 per cent reservation for minorities from the 27 per cent quota of OBCs. What can be deduced after the judgement is that the Union government which introduced the reservation was absolutely unprepared to argue the case. Moreover, political parties and NGOs working for Muslim welfare did not realize that they should also implead in the case. Therefore the case was lost by default.The argument presented by the central government, at best, was weak. The moment the case was admitted by the court, the government should have appointed a team of senior lawyers. Being one of the first cases in the country against sub-quota reservation, the government should have been more alert. It should have realized that the result of this case would have a country-wide impact. But that didn't happen.Andhra Pradesh is one of the few states which has not only given 4 per cent reservation to the Muslims but is also seriously fighting the opposition to it. Several private organizations have become party to this epic fight now before the constitutional bench of the Supreme Court. It is a mystery why no political outfit espousing the cause of Muslims or educational groups did not represent their viewpoint in the matter.The question of reservation or affirmative action has divided the nation since independence. There are strong arguments on both sides. Those who oppose reservation per se believe that it is denying deserving candidates their rightful seats both in educational institutions and public employment. Those who want reservation to continue and be expanded feel that it is the best way of correcting a system of injustice prevailing for ages. Some communities like the SC, STs and sections of the BCs have historically remained on the lower ladder of development. There are also sections of society who got pushed to the margins of development owing to inherent flaws in the system and inbuilt religious and caste prejudices. The downtrodden will never be able to come up unless they are treated differently through affirmative action.The Muslims in general have been on the slide constantly on the economic, social and educational strata since independence. So much so that they are now equated with the most backward sections, lower than the dalits in some areas, of the Indian society. The question to be asked is why the Muslims (unlike dalits and the STs whose reasons for backwardness are historically documented), find themselves on the periphery of economic, social and educational development? Is it the backlash of partition or in case of Andhra Pradesh the 'police action' that still continues? Why is the literacy rate among the Muslims much below the national level for decades? Why is their intake in IITs and IIMs only 1.5 per cent for the last several years? Why is their representation in the government jobs less than 3 per cent as against their population percentage of 14 per cent in the country? Why are Muslims finding it easier to find jobs in the private sector, particularly with the MNCs, than in public establishments? And if the reasons have been enumerated by Gopal Singh Panel, Ranganath Mishra Commission or the Sachar Committee and correctional measures recommended, why are there no indications that the slide of the Muslims is being effectively checked?Muslim quota (within the OBC reservation) has been struck down because reservations can be caste based and not religion based. That's what the court said. The question to ask is: to what religion do the 27 per cent OBC belong? Any answers? V K Tripathi, professor of IIT, Delhi, says, \"If certain religious communities (read Muslims) suffer discrimination due to religious prejudice and lag behind, economically and educationally, they have the right to affirmative action. Negating this right goes against the spirit of the Constitution,\" he avers.It is time that organizations interested in helping the Muslims question the very parameters of reservation and seek their redefinition such that it helps all those who have been left far behind in the development race.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13716263", "title": "Poor sale of Patna University admission forms on first day", "text": "PATNA: Even as the sale of application forms for admission to the three-year degree courses in arts, science and commerce streams in different colleges of Patna University (PU) commenced on Friday, the college counters registered poor sale of forms. Not a single college witnessed any rush of admission seekers on the first day.Patna Science College principal Arun Kumar Sinha said altogether 31 forms for admission to the BSc honours course were sold on Friday. Many aspirants did not turn up owing to ignorance. Besides, many candidates were waiting for publication of the results of Intermediate examination conducted by the Bihar School Examination Board. Patna College sold 26 forms.Magadh Mahila College also registered a poor sale of admission forms on the first day. The sale would pick up gradually, said its principal Dolly Sinha. She, however, pointed out that some confusion prevailed among the admission seekers over the entrance test. Candidates who wanted to change their stream (from science to arts, for instance) were not sure whether they would take the entrance test in science subjects or in social science and humanities. PU is yet to decide the selection of subjects on which questions would be asked in the entrance test for admission to the BA (H) course.The sale of application forms for admission to the MA, MSc and MCom courses also commenced on Friday. From this year, the postgraduate courses would run under the semester system being introduced in PU.The sale of forms for admission to the three-year LLB course under semester system in Patna Law College also commenced on Friday. The forms can be submitted till June 26, said principal Rakesh Verma. The entrance test for admission to the LLB course will be held on July 3 and the results of test would be published on July 16. Admission to this course would commence on July 17 and continue till July 31, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13817761", "title": "Priyanka Chopra adopts a lioness for herself", "text": "The Don's 'junglee billi' has adopted a 15-year-old lioness named Sundari from the Birsa Zoological Park in Ranchi. And though Sundari will be under PeeCee's care for just one year, the zoo authorities were thrilled to receive a cheque of ` 2 lakh from the actress on Friday, accompanied by a letter from her. Earlier in May 2011, PeeCee had adopted a tigress Durga, for a year. She had paid ` 2.24 lakh to the authorities for Durga's upkeep. PK Verma, director, Birsa Zoological Park, confirmed the news and added, \"We had written to her asking her to adopt the lioness as the period of adoption for Durga expired on April 30. We are pleased with her quick response. It has created lot of awareness among people about the environment and tigers. Priyanka's letter says she is happily adopting a lioness in our zoo.\" Sundari now waits for the day when her foster mother will pay her a visit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13720660", "title": "Dussehri now in market", "text": "KANPUR: The people are enjoying Dussehri mangoes these days. This variety is now easily available in the market. This year, Dussehri had reached the market early in comparison to the last few years.The production and sale of mangoes this year is more than the previous year. However, mango crop in many areas got damaged due to thunderstorms, yet Dussehri managed to reach the market on time.\"The fast winds destroyed the crop. But, Dussehri mangoes are available in the market. This year, the sale and production is better than last year. We are expecting better sale,\" said Naresh, a mango seller.Uttar Pradesh is the largest producer and exporter of Dussehri mangoes across the world.\"The winters ran for a longer duration and the summer season arrived a bit late. Thunderstorms also destroyed mango crop to a considerable extent,\" Om, owner of a nursery in Unnao, said.The price for the mangoes is high than past years. Dussehri is available between Rs 30 and Rs 45 per kg these days. This price is likely to come down in the days to come.According to doctors, this is the perfect season to enjoy mangoes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13716993", "title": "Naveen Patnaik suspends Pyarimohan, sacks two ministers", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik on Friday recommended dismissal of two ministers, Anjali Behera and Sanjib Sahu, to governor M C Bhandare in the wake of the failed coup attempt against his government on May 29 when he was in the UK. As the BJD president, he also suspended Rajya Sabha member Pyarimohan Mohapatra, considered the chief architect of the revolt, and two legislators Prabhat Biswal and Bibhuti Balabantray from the ruling party.\"I have forwarded a letter to the Governor recommending dismissal of Anjali Behera, a cabinet minister, and Sanjib Sahu, who is a minister of state,\" Naveen told media persons after holding daylong consultations with party ministers, MLAs and MPs. He also announced suspension of Pyari, who was in the not-too-distant past regarded as the CM's chief advisor, and also that of Cuttack-Choudwar MLA Biswal and Jatni MLA Balabantray, both of whom are close aides of Pyari and did not turn up to meet Naveen after his return from UK on Thursday evening. Naveen, however, did not spell out any reason behind his action against the quintet. Though speculation was rife that the axe would also fall on urban development Sarada Nayak, Naveen, at least for the time being, spared him.Pyari, in his reactions, said he expected such a decision. \"I have fallen victim to a group of conspirators surrounding Naveen. I have worked hard for the past 12 years for the BJD and Naveen. The people of Odisha should give a befitting reply to this,\" he said.Pyari had on May 30 discounted allegations that he planned to upstage Naveen and said 33 party MLAs met him and aired their grievances on party matters. He had also virtual thrown a challenge at Naveen, questioning who had the 'guts' to suspend or expel him from the BJD. Women and child development minister Behera and commerce and transport minister Sahu were unavailable for comments.Naveen's decision came after several party MLAs, who had attended a meeting convened by Pyari at his Saheed Nagar residence here on May 29 evening, and narrated to the CM details about the deliberations there. At least six BJD legislators - Subarna Naik (Keonjhar), Debendra Kanhar (Phulbani), Bhagaban Kanhar (Kantamal), Sanjib Pradhan (Deogarh), Susanta Singh (Bhatli) and Purna Chandra Swain (Sorada) - ostensibly at the behest of Naveen, also told the media about how they were asked to visit Pyari's residence and sign on a paper pledging their support for the MP as the BJD legislature party leader.\"When I reached Pyari's residence, 13 other MLAs had already signed on the paper announcing support for Pyari as the BJDLP leader. But I contacted Pradeep Panigrahi (Gopalpur MLA) and sought his advice. He asked me not to sign but observe the goings-on,\" Swain said. \"I read the paper and realized that a revolt was being planned. Subsequently, I left the place,\" Singh said.Naik said he had suspected foul play and though he signed on the paper, he rushed to senior party leader Damodar Rout's residence and revealed everything. Debendra Kanhar said Pyari had called him and hence he that gone to his residence, signed on the sheet.Bhagaban Kanhar said though he signed on the paper, he did not go to a city hotel where legislators were being shepherded and instead went to Naveen Niwas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13719471", "title": "Officers seek Club at nominal lease", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Officers' Club in the city, which is facing eviction from the government building and land which it occupies following a high court order, has approached the state government requesting a stay in proceedings. The office bearers of the club appealed to the government to \"issue orders assigning the land on lease to the club at a nominal lease\".The president of the club, S Jayan Nair, in a submission (a copy of which is with TOI) to revenue minister Adoor Prakash has said that this was the only club that was accessible to the government officers. \"The club was formed for providing recreational and library facilities, family get together and promotion of artistic talents of members, who are serving and retired government officers. The well-functioning clubs of Thiruvananthapuram are beyond the reach of officers,\" (as they are very expensive), the request pointed out.It added that, the government had given them the property after considering their good intentions. The submission also claimed that the building was given to them in a dilapidated condition and the club spent a considerable amount of money on it, despite financial constraints.The request said that the government was resorting to such measures like taking over the property, without any prior notice.\"We haven't received any notice regarding arrears so far and heavy burden of huge lease rent is thrust upon the club which is more than hundred times the lease rent payable by us,\" it said. The submission also said that there were a number of instances where the government had allotted land to organizations at nominal lease and the same facility should be extended to the club as well.The TOI had earlier reported that the government has been dragging its feet over in resuming the property, which was leased out to Officer's Club, in the heart of the capital at Vellayambalam. The government displays a lukewarm attitude in this issue despite the fact that the lease period has been expired. The Club had also defaulted huge lease amount and the high court had made a ruling in favour of the government in a writ petition by the club challenging the government decision to hike the lease rates.The government had leased out 22 cents of the property along with the building for the Officer's Club in 1996, for 10 years at a nominal lease rate of Rs 4,050 per year. Later, the government decided to revise the lease rates based on new lease rules. The club challenged the government decision in the high court, but the court also observed that the paltry lease rates were atrocious at a time when government offices were functioning in rented buildings. A notice was served to the Club on April 28 this year, asking it to vacate the property within 48 hours of receiving the notice, terming the Club as \"unauthorized occupant\" in the government property.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13730405", "title": "Sanchita Bhattacharya playing herself", "text": "Odissi danseuse Sanchita Bhattacharya has been signed on by American academic and filmmaker Karin Kauffman to star in a movie, tentatively titled \" Moksha\".\"I play the protagonist, an Indian Odissi dancer who migrates to the US post-marriage. However, her life takes a tragic turn when she meets with an accident and is left crippled.She meets a physiotherapist who slowly and steadily nurses her back to health and helps her dance again,\" says Sanchita. The movie touches upon issues of womens' liberation as well as how dance has a healing quality. \"Parts of the film have been shot in Manhattan and Connecticut and I will be returning to the US to shoot the rest in July,\" says the danseuse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13720423", "title": "Pre-2007 illegal buildings may escape hammer", "text": "CHENNAI: Unauthorized buildings constructed on or before July 1, 2007 will escape the sledgehammer, with the Tamil Nadu government deciding to exempt them from demolition. The decision was made on recommendations by the Justice S Mohan Committee. It will, however , take at least six more months for the entire scheme to come into operation , as a draft bill, which has already been finalized, will be placed before the Tamil Nadu assembly during the winter session .A submission to this effect was made by the housing and urban development secretary of the state government to the Madras high court, pursuant to the court's order on April 2, 2012, directing the government to take a final decision on the committtee's recommendations.In its counter-affidavit , the government told the court that it had decided to amend Sections 57 (power to stop unauthorized development ), 83 (penalties), 84 (disobedience to summons), 85 (restoration of property to its original shape), 86 (punishment for breach of development plan), (offences), 89 (offences) and 113 (exemption to land or buildings from the mandatory provisions) of the Tamil Nadu Town and Country Planning Act, 1971. Eco-sensitive areas not to be exempted, says govt.The order was passed on a batch of public interest writ petitions , including one filed by the Citizen Consumer and Civic Action Group , seeking that no leniency be shown to unauthorized constitutions in Chennai and other cities in the state .As recommended by the committee , the government has already taken steps to strengthen the enforcement mechanism and to have a separate metropolitan planning committee , the counter said , adding that the provision to collect infrastructure and amenities charges under Section 63 B of the Act had already been implemented . In order to preserve eco-sensitive areas , it has also been decided that any development in such areas will not be considered for exemption , the government told the court , it said an exhaustive set of guidelines has been finalized to implement the exemptions .Reiterating that the exemptions would not be unconditional , the government stipulated that owners of unauthorized constructions who seek exemption should first ensure adequate lighting and ventilation , and get fire safety clearance from the fire and rescue services department . The guidelines said promoters must either own or possess a 30-year lease for parking space within a distance of 250 metres from the structure .The floor space index (FSI ) limit cannot exceed 50 per cent of the allowable limit , it said , adding that the extent of violation in respect of minimum required road width shall not exceed 20%. The building , which should be structurally sound and safe , should be in conformity with civil aviation regulation , defence regulation , coastal zone regulation , hill area special rules , ancient monuments and archaeological sites rules and heritage restrictions , the guidelines said .Penalties payable by residential houses not exceeding 300 square metres , will be 50% of the penalty levied on other categories of buildings . The penalty amounts would be kept in a separate account to be used for improvement of infrastructure in the area for the benefit of the public . The matter is scheduled to be taken up for hearing next week, when the high court reopens after its five-week summer recess .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13713602", "title": "Bangalore man who hacked his girlfriend to death says 'I decided to teach her a lesson'", "text": "BANGALORE: Police on Friday arrested Ranjit Krishnegowda, 25, who allegedly hacked his former girlfriend, S Divya, 24, to death on Monday last in BTM Layout II Stage. He and his accomplice, Bhuvanesh Kutty, 25, were nabbed in Hosur, Tamil Nadu.Kutty and Ranjit had accosted Divya when she was returning from work. While Kutty remained in the rider's seat, Ranjit had attacked Divya. The duo had then sped from the spot.Ranjit allegedly confessed to his crime and told Mico Layout police that it was Divya who had first approached him with a marriage proposal. \"I was one year senior to her in college. She first proposed to me about five years ago. My parents, too, had agreed to our marriage. But she changed after she met a man who earned more than me. Divya started avoiding me and I decided to teach her a lesson,\" Ranjit told Mico Layout police.Meanwhile, Divya's family had chosen S Pradeep, a private company employee and her sister's brother-in-law, as the groom. On learning about it, Ranjit called Pradeep on May 19 and threatened him to keep away from Divya, police said.DCP (Southeast) PS Harsha said three teams had been set up to arrest Ranjit and Kutty. One special team traced Ranjit and Kutty to Kozikhode. \"We left immediately to Kerala. But somehow, Ranjit sensed our arrival and fled from there,\" Harsha said.However, the team alerted their Bangalore counterparts that the suspects were heading towards Hosur in Tamil Nadu.\"They were travelling in a Kerala state transport bus. We caught hold of them in Hosur on Friday morning. On questioning, Ranjit confessed to the crime and we immediately arrested them,\" Harsha added.Ranjit and Kutty were remanded to police custody.Also read: Divya tried desperately to marry her killer Bangalore woman hacked in public view", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13714907", "title": "Uttar Pradesh: More than 93,000 appear in Common entrance test, Lucknow tops aspirants tally", "text": "LUCKNOW: Common entrance test for admission to various doctoral programmes was held in 12 cities on Friday. The test was conducted by Dr Ram Manohar Lohia Avadh University (RMLAU).As many as 93,785 candidates had registered for the exam, of which nearly 3% remained absent. The maximum number of examinees was from Lucknow - 11,277 which took the test in 21 centres. This was followed by Allahabad with 11,001 candidates at 21 centres and Kanpur with 10,321 candidates at 21 centres. The least number of examinees were from Jhansi - 3,566 at seven centres. In Faizabad, 8,228 candidates appeared at 13 centres for the exam.RMLAU registrar SK Shukla said, \"The exam was held peacefully at all centres. And, no one was caught using unfair means.\" The exam CET was held in two shifts, the first from 8 am to 10 am and second from 12 noon to 3 pm. The test was based on multiple choice questions (MCQs). The first paper consisted of 100 MCQs based on research aptitude and general awareness and carried 100 marks. The second paper had 200 MCQs based on subject knowledge, and was of 200 marks. The test was held in 37 subjects.To qualify CET, candidates will have to secure minimum 40% marks in each paper and minimum of 50% marks in aggregate. SC/ST candidates will get 5% relaxation in minimum marks. Among other benefits of CET is that it will prevent inconvenience faced by the students while travelling from one university to another to get admissions in PhD courses. It will also tackle the problem of clashing dates of entrance tests of various universities.Uttar Pradesh government on August 26, 2011 announced that admissions to Doctorate of Philosophy (PhD) will be done through a CET. The decision was taken as per the recommendation of University Grants Commission (UGC) to hold subject-wise common entrance test for PhD courses. The major reason for holding CET was to enable students to apply for admissions in all state universities through one application form.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13715442", "title": "Queer film fest to be part of Pride Month celebrations", "text": "CHENNAI: Recently, transgender activist Anil Sadanandan, also known as Mariya, was murdered in Kerala. Fellow activists say it was a hate crime. Two years ago, trans-woman Sowmiya from Chennai committed suicide. Unable to complete her education, she had turned to sex work and begging to eke out a living and was dependent on alcohol.Short documentaries on the lives of Sowmiya and Mariya will be screened at Colors of Sexuality: Chennai Queer Film Festival 2012 to be held from June 1 to 17. The festival is part of the Pride Month celebrations to be organised by Chennai Rainbow Coalition, a collective of groups that work for the Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual and Transgender (LGBT) community. This is the fourth year Chennai is hosting Pride Month, which is celebrated across the world to commemorate the anniversary of Stonewall riots of 1969, when the LGBT community members in New York fought police harassment.\"Films help us take our concerns to a wider audience,\" said Kalki Subramaniam, founder, Sahodari Foundation, which works for the transgender community, at a press meet on Friday. \"I had spent time with Sowmiya and Mariya and had video footage of them. So I thought of making films on their lives.\"Around 23 Indian films in Hindi, Tamil, Marathi and Bengali will be screened at the fest, said L Ramakrishnan, a volunteer with Orinam, which is organising it with Chennai Dost and Goethe-Institut/Max Mueller Bhavan. 'Logging out', made by a teenage boy using a handheld camera, is about the perils and pleasures of online dating. \"One of the most moving films is 'More Than A Friend' by Debalina Majumder, who is from an organisation for lesbian and bisexual women and trans-people,\" said Vikranth Prasanna, founder, Chennai Dost.The struggles underline the importance of legal support, said the activists. \"We urge the Supreme Court to uphold the historic Naz Foundation verdict of July 2, 2009 that read down section 377 of the IPC,\" said Ramakrishnan. The Delhi high court ruling, which decriminalised homosexuality, is being challenged in the SC by various organisations. \"We need the SC to secure the rights of India's LGBT citizens so they could live with dignity.\"The Chennai Rainbow pride march will be held on June 24. Other events include photo and art exhibitions, panel discussion on family acceptance of LGBT youth and the release of 'Thirunangai', a Tamil magazine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13712285", "title": "Shah Rukh Khan wants stake in I-League champs Dempo", "text": "PANAJI: Dempo Sports Club are close to signing a deal with Shah Rukh Khan but more than the Bollywood star's money, the I-League champions are keen on winning his time.Dempo chairman Shrinivas Dempo has met Shah Rukh three times in the last couple of months, and although some loose ends remain to be tied, Dempo are confident the Kolkata Knight Riders owner will be picking up shares in one of India's most successful football clubs.\"I can confirm that talks have been progressing well and both sides are positive about the deal. I cannot comment on the valuation due to a confidentiality clause but I believe we should be able to close the deal in a month's time,\" the Dempo chairman told TOI on Friday.Dempo, with five I-League titles in the last eight years, are India's most successful team in recent times but have repeatedly failed to attract sponsors.More recently, Dempo were in touch with representatives of a famous Indian cricketer and a couple of other corporates but it was SRK who, not surprisingly, impressed Dempo the most.\"We are interested in Shah Rukh the brand, rather than the finances. I told him in my first meeting itself that more than his money, we need his time. Whether he comes on board as an investor or a brand ambassador is secondary. Shah Rukh can have a huge influence on the game. His presence will change the face of Indian football as spectators will start thronging the venues, sponsors will start queuing up and Indian football will get the fillip it deserves,\" said Dempo, whose team became the first side from the subcontinent to reach the semifinals of the AFC Cup, Asian football's high-profile second tier club competition, back in 2008.The Dempo chairman, who has bought 34 per cent stake in Danish club FC Midtjylland , also confirmed that the club has been talking to a leading Indian cricketer - understood to be MS Dhoni - through an investment banker. \"We did have a cricketer talking to us but those talks were never at an advanced stage,\" he said.There was no confirmation as yet whether SRK, if the deal is eventually signed, will suggest a change in name. There is talk suggesting Dempo Knight Riders would be an apt name since the star also co-owns the Kolkata Knight Riders, winners of IPL-5. In the past, Dempo have been open to changing their name to a city-based one in an attempt to give their fans a clear sense of belonging.Shah Rukh has been a keen sportsman since his school days and his son Aryan is reported to be a keen footballer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13712330", "title": "Govt raises duty on electricity", "text": "PANAJI: Effective Friday, the government raised the duty on units of electrical energy consumed in Goa by two paise for domestic consumers and by 12 paise for commercial and industrial consumers. A notification to that effect was issued on Thursday.Engineers in the electricity department explained that the hike is only on the duty on the energy consumed and not on the energy itself. For domestic consumers, the duty was earlier 18 paise per unit and has now been raised to 20 paise per unit. Taking a live example of an electricity consumer from Margao who was getting a monthly bill of 1,234, it was calculated that his bill would increase to 1,246, a rise of 12. For the record, that consumer has a one ton air-conditioner, a fridge, four fans and about four CFL lights of 20 watts each in his house.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar also stressed the point that the hike was only on the duty and not on the energy. Asked if the increase was necessary, Parrikar said the revenues collected from the duty hike would go towards paying the increasing costs of street-lighting in Goa. Parrikar said the electricity department is suffering losses and that the central government had raised the price of electricity by 30% with retrospective effect from 2004. Parrikar said Goa had got a bill of arrears amounting to about 30 crore to 40 crore.Parrikar also said that Goa's electricity rates were fixed in 2000 and have not been changed since. He also claimed that Goa's electricity rates were low; while it is 4.50 per unit in Maharashtra, it is only 1 per unit in Goa, he said.Goa has about 5.45 lakh domestic electricity consumers and about 883 high tension (HT) consumers. Also, 65% of Goa's electricity billing revenue comes from HT consumers while 35% comes from domestic consumers.Reacting to the hike in duty, president of the Goa chamber of commerce and industry, Manguirish Pai Raikar said, \"We only hope the government will reduce the duty once it gets its house in order. The electricity department is reportedly in a mess. But the chief minister has assured us that he will ensure quality power and even additional power to Goa. In that case, and if industry will get uninterrupted power in Goa, we should not hold any grudge against the rise in duty.\"Anil Kher, chairman of CII-Goa said that when he was a member of the power advisory committee about two years back, the committee had proposed a hike in the duty because the committee wanted to raise funds for improving the electricity infrastructure in Goa.Said Kher, \"All the money that has been collected from this duty so far can be used to improve the power infrastructure then it was used in the last few years. Then it will help the industry. The profits of the power department are going into the government treasury and there is no money available for upgrading the infrastructure. All the infrastructure dates back to the 1970s and even the power cables are due for replacement.\"Kher said that the duty collected so far, amounts to more then 300 crore and is lying with the power department. \"They should utilize that money faster than they are doing,\" Kher said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13711409", "title": "Firemen fighting flames for over 24 hours in Dehgam", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A major incident of fire was reported from a cold storage near Dehgam on Thursday evening. A team of Ahmedabad Fire and Emergency Services (AFES) started an operation soon after the call that continued all day on Friday. It is expected that the operation will continue till Saturday.Ahmedabad Fire and Emergency Services (AFES) officials said they had got a call from Shree Ambika Cold Storage at Zap GIDC on Naroda-Dehgam road at 7.15 pm on Thursday. The owners and workers tried to douse the flames but when the situation aggravated, the AFES was informed.Rajesh Bhatt, additional chief fire officer, said that the work started with two fighters and five tankers. \"Reason for the prolonged fighting is the way the storage has been built. To preserve lower temperature, the building has only one entry and exit point, aprt from several compartments inside.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13712259", "title": "Centre, state told to file counter affidavits", "text": "ALLAHABAD: On a habeas corpus writ alleging illegal detention of two Kashmiri boys by the UP ATS on May 24, 2012, the Allahabad high court on Friday asked the Union and the state governments to file counter affidavits in the case within a month. The court will hear the case on July 5.The order was passed by a division bench of Justice Dharnidhar Jha and Justice Ramesh Sinha.The petition stated that two Kashmiri youths, Mohd Wasim Butt and Sajjad Butt, who are students of Arabic in Jamiatul falah, Azamgarh, were allegedly detained by UP ATS on May 24. The petitioner's counsel SFA Naqvi alleged that the youth were picked by the ATS from Delhi-bound Kaifiyat Express.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13713975", "title": "Now webcams to do real-time monitoring of polluting units", "text": "GURGAON: In keeping with modern times, Haryana's pollution department has come up with a novel way to keep an eye on all the highly polluting factories in the state round the clock.According to officials of the Haryana State Pollution Control Board (HSPCB,) industries that contribute to air or water pollution above a certain level will be mandated to install webcams on their premises, to enable real-time monitoring. The project is currently being implemented as a pilot project in some regions, and is soon to be implemented in the industrial belts of Gurgaon and Manesar.\"We are going to make this a part of the annual pollution consent agreements,\" said S C Mann, an HSPCB official from Panchkula. Only those factories which are categorized as 'highly polluting' will have to install the webcams, which will be centrally monitored by HSPCB officials. \"Currenly we are only asking the distilleries, which generate effluent waste, to install the cameras. But later we will include other polluting units as well,\" he said.The cameras will be connected via web-link to the pollution department's systems. But given Haryana government's dismal record with all such high-tech schemes in the past, it remains to be seen how effective does this new pollution control initiative turns out to be.According to Gurgaon's pollution department chief, Balraj Singh, there are about 80 industrial units classified as highly polluting in the city. \"I have heard of the webcam project, but we haven't yet received any orders from Panchkula yet,\" he said. Several units still don't have a properly installed effluent treatment plant, and are generating liquid waste that end up polluting the general sewer lines. And with the new webcams in place, HSPCB will be able to monitor effluent quality online. \"We will also be making regular surprise checks on industrial units throughout,\" said another HSPCB official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "13713709", "title": "Alappuzha municipality told to solve waste disposal issue soon", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: Union minister of state for power K C Venugopal on Friday directed Alappuzha municipal authorities to roll out a comprehensive project for solving the waste treatment issues. The minister was chairing a meeting at collectorate conference hall to discuss waste treatment issues of the municipality.The minister also said the project should be submitted to the state government without any delay. Venugopal during the meeting telephoned urban affairs minister Manjalamkuzhi Ali and demanded him to allot a major solid waste treatment plant to Alappuzha.\"The state government on Thursday decided to set up major waste treatment plants in Kottayam, Kollam and Thrissur and the urban affairs minister ensured that such a waste treatment plant will also be allotted to Alappuzha,\" said Venugopal.\"It will take time to execute these projects in the municipality. So in order to find immediate solution for the issue, the municipality should execute some short time projects,\" minister said.The minister directed the municipality not to send the plastic waste to its waste treatment plant, which is functioning at Sarvodayapuram at Mararikkulam South grama panchayat.Kudumbashree workers should be deployed for collecting the plastic waste which can be used for recycling purposes. The dwellers of the municipality should try to treat a major portion of the solid waste within the compound of their houses. All the 50 councillors of the municipality should conduct awareness classes and campaigns for this purpose in their wards with the help of residents associations, Venugopal said.\"Suchithwa Mission will allot funds for executing the short-time waste treatment projects of the municipality. The workers of Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme in Mararikkulam South grama panchayat will be deployed for the various activities in connection with the waste treatment at Sarvodayapuram plant. The municipality should provide adequate vehicles and other support to the grama panchayat for this purpose'' he said.Alappuzha: Union minister of state for power K C Venugopal on Thursday directed Alappuzha municipal authorities to roll out a comprehensive project for solving the waste treatment issues. The minister was chairing a meeting at collectorate conference hall in regard with the waste treatment issues of the municipality.The minister also said that the project should be submitted to the state government without any delay.Venugopal during the meeting telephoned urban affairs minister Manjalamkuzhi Ali and demanded him to allot a major solid waste treatment plant to Alappuzha.The state government on Thursday decided to set up major waste treatment plants in Kottayam, Kollam and Thrissur and the urban affairs minister ensured that such a waste treatment plant will also be allotted to Alappuzha,'' K C Venugopal said.It will take time to execute these projects in the municipality. So in order to find immediate solution for the garbage issue, the municipality should execute some short time projects, '' the minister said.The minister directed the municipality that the plastic waste should not be sent to its waste treatment plant, which is functioning at Sarvodayapuram at Mararikkulam South grama panchayat. Kudumbashree workers should be deployed for collecting the plastic waste which can be used for recycling purposes. The dwellers of the municipality should try to treat a major portion of the solid waste within the compound of their houses. All the 50 councillors of the municipality should conduct awareness classes and campaigns for this purpose in their wards with the help of residents associations,'' he said.Suchithwa Mission will allot funds for executing the short-time waste treatment projects of the municipality. The workers of Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme in Mararikkulam South grama panchayat will be deployed for the various activities in connection with the waste treatment at Sarvodayapuram plant. The municipality should provide adequate vehicles and other support to the grama panchayat for this purpose'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13720054", "title": "Muda plans to widen Mysore roads to ease congestion", "text": "MYSORE: Some of the crowded but important stretches of the city will be widened to make life easy for motorists.The move also aims at retaining the brand value of Mysore as a 'planned city'. While Mysore is expanding, with a steady rise in vehicular population, the focus is on providing motorists easy access from one part of the city to another without much fuss. Some 10 years ago, there was not much traffic on the road connecting Bogadhi Road junction to Paduvarhalli junction on Hunsur Road (in front of the open-air theatre). Cut to the present: it is one of the busiest stretches, bursting at its seams. Reason: The road inside Manasa Gangotri, the PG campus of University of Mysore, was designed for students. However, it has now become a main thoroughfare, increasingly used by the public.The critical link will now be widened by Mysore Urban Development Authority (Muda), which is looking at such stretches in the city. Some of the lanes that take heavy load would be doubled. \"It is our mandate to ensure development of the city. Some stretches connecting one part of the city to another will be developed so that the growth is equitable,\" Muda commissioner C G Betsurmath told TOI. \"It will meet the needs of the people,\" he added.In the last five years, the vehicular population in the city has doubled. At present, there are 5.25 lakh vehicles plying in the city. Of them, 82% are two-wheelers. An estimated 10,000 tourist vehicles too ply on Mysore roads. City police were pressing the urban authorities to focus on some of these roads to manage traffic better. Muda is starting the works with six roads. An official said a work order has been issued, and the groundwork will start this month.A senior traffic police officer said widening of these stretches will cut down pressure in adjoining areas. For example, the widening of a stretch next to Kalamandir will allow free flow of traffic between Saraswathipuram, TK Layout and Sharadadevi Nagar and the central business district. \"Now, the traffic density is more at Ramaswamy junction in the absence of a connecting point,\" he explained.A Muda official said they will take care of the needs of the pedestrians at the stretches that will be widened. Land for the widening is available, he stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13731373", "title": "Andrew Garfield took therapy sessions", "text": "Spider-man star Andrew Garfield has revealed that he underwent regular therapy sessions to deal with his over-sensitive personality.The actor also confessed having a panic attack after he won the British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA) Award for Best Actor in 2007 for his role in 'Boy A,' because the triumph left him feeling empty.Garfield revealed that he has regularly undergone sessions with a therapist to talk about his emotions and understand his feelings.\"That whole night was so shocking and scary. By the time I got home I started to have a panic attack... It was the result of pure adrenaline fall-off, and the realisation that although the success of the night had felt really nice, it was never ever going to satisfy me...,\" the Daily Express quoted him as telling GQ magazine.\"Have I ever been to therapy? I don''t know if I''m comfortable talking about that... Yes, I have been to therapy. And I''m not ashamed of it. I''ve always been a little reserved about it, but I''ve loved it,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13716297", "title": "Brahmeshwar's killing: Left fears bloody feuds", "text": "PATNA: Following the murder of Brahmeshwar Singh, political observers belonging to the Left parties - CPI (ML), CPI and CPM - are apprehensive of a \"grim future\", if the state government fails to uphold its drumbeat of 'sushasan (good governance)'. They apprehend that the \"grim future\" may unfold sooner than later in nine districts - Gaya, Aurangabad, Jehanabad, Arwal, Bhojpur, Buxar, Rohtas, Kaimur and Patna.For, these districts constituted the core zone of Singh's underground activities in his capacity as founder of the banned private militia, Ranvir Sena, from September 1994 till his arrest in Patna in August 2002. Then, after his release from jail last year, he floated an open organization, Akhil Bharatiya Rashtravadi Kisan Sangathan (ABRKS), this year. Announcing its formation at a crowded press conference in a premier hotel in Patna on May 7, he said, \"We will work to mobilize peasants and agricultural workers to solve their problems. We welcome the cooperation of the Left, and if they (read extremists among them) put obstacles, then we will give a fitting reply.\"Of course, Ranvir Sena, even though banned, saw its enemy in CPI (ML) cadres and supporters, including women and children. \"Ranvir Sena became irrelevant once Brahmeshwar Singh was arrested. Now his end heralds the end of the ideology of his private militia. Nobody knows who killed him, but we take his killing as the result of 'janakrosh (popular anger)' of people,\" said CPI (ML) state committee member Santosh Sahar.However, both CPI state secretary Badri Narayan Lal and CPM state secretary Vijay Kant Thakur apprehended re-emergence of invigorated caste mobilization under the banner of ABRKS, and recurrence of bloody feuds. They pointed out that the state government had wound up Amir Das Commission constituted to look into the activities and underground connections of Ranvir Sena. Then, as Lal said, the government first announced to challenge in the Supreme Court the acquittal of 23 accused of the Bathani Tola massacre by the Patna high court, but finally went soft on it.\"The government, in fact, has made a mockery of its good governance plank,\" said Lal, adding: \"The police made a crackdown on the Leftist agitators who were protesting against the killing of mukhiya Chhotu Singh at Aurangabad only a month ago. Instead of ordering a probe into the killing of Chhotu, police resorted to crackdown. It is not good governance.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13714769", "title": "Chief minister's office accepts Lokayukta recommendation against Ramveer Upadhyay", "text": "LUCKNOW: Indicted by the Lokayukta for amassing disproportionate assets and host of irregularities including misuse of power, former energy minister Ramveer Upadhyay finds himself cornered. The chief minister office has accepted recommendations of UP Lokayukta Justice (Rtd) NK Mehrotra and ordered inquires into charges against the minister and his family members.Confirming this to TOI, Lokayukta said that the chief minister's office has already apprised him of the development. He had recommended a CBI or vigilance inquiry into Upadhyay's assets and also into the property acquired by his family members including his wife, brother and father. The government has decided upon a vigilance probe into the matter. \"The alleged irregularities by Maya's confidante in awarding PWD contracts would, as per the order be investigated by the technical advisory committee of the PWD now,\" the Lokayukta said.As stamp duty on \"abadi\" land is much higher, Updyayay during his tenure used his clout to convert the \"abadi\" land into an agriculture one and forced farmers to sell the land holdings to him. The SP government has agreed to hand over the inquiry into these charges to the board of revenue, Mehrotra confirmed.After the submission of the report first to former chief minister Mayawati and then to present CM Akhilesh Yadav , little over a month ago, the UP Lokayukta has been targeted by Upadhyay. The former minister had made nasty remarks against him at a public meeting during the election time and later ate back his words, when Justice Mehrotra mulled over contempt proceedings. Recently his lawyer had threatened the Lokayukta's staff and vandalised the office, which had forced the terrified employees to demand enhanced security in the premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13712211", "title": "82 railway employees awarded", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The annual award ceremony of the electrical department of North Central Railways was organised at the Subedarganj recently.On the occasion, chief electrical engineer of North Central Railway A K Rawal gave awards and certificates to about 82 railway employees belonging to the electrical department. Speaking on the occasion, Rawal shed light on the importance of the electrical department in the service of the railways. He also spoke on the achievements of the electrical department in the past one year and urged the employees to work with dedication and sincerity so that the targets fixed for the present year may be achieved.Speaking on the occasion, senior deputy general manager MK Mathur laid stress on periodic checking of the materials that are being used in the various works related to the electrical department. This would ensure in maintaining quality and better services to the passengers. Chief safety officer RS Verma spoke about the various safety measures which are being taken for ensuring safety of the passengers.Later, deputy chief electrical engineer (loco) Sanjeev Kumar presented vote of thanks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13711641", "title": "President Pratibha Devisinh Patil to stay in Delhi after retirement", "text": "MUMBAI: President Pratibha Devisinh Patil is likely to settle in the national capital after she demits office in July at the end of her five-year term. A senior Rashtrapati Bhavan official was non-committal on her post-retirement settlement plans, but confirmed that the ministry of home affairs is looking for suitable accommodation for the president.A senior Congress minister said that Patil's options had become limited after the outcry over her Pune bungalow being built on defence land and that she has now decided to stay on in Delhi.Under the rules, a former president is entitled to a furnished bungalow of her or his choice, from those available to Union ministers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13712959", "title": "Pune &amp; Mumbai have most vandalism cases", "text": "MUMBAI: Thursday's violence in Pune, and to a lesser extent in Mumbai, has reinforced a sad fact: These two cities top the national rankings in cases of vandalism, unlawful assembly and damage to public property filed over five years from 2007 to 2011.National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB) statistics show that there were 2,271 vandalism and related cases in Pune, while Mumbai had 1,675 cases. In fact, Maharashtra with 42,498 cases comes a close second to Bihar (42,647) among all states across the country. Kerala, Karnataka and WB were next in line with 40,657, 33,725 and 29,411 such cases.Thursday's Bharat bandh was only the latest in a series of politically motivated protests that have resulted in vandalism in the city and state. Fifty cases were registered in Mumbai and 24 across Maharashtra. Experts, who include senior IPS officers, said a majority of vandalism, unlawful assembly and damage to public property cases involve political parties and their activists who seek to show their muscle. Even when unions call a bandh, there usually is a political connection. Notably, the NCRB data does not include communal rioting, which is registered under different sections.In fact, in 2007 and 2008, Maharashtra had the most vandalism cases, more than even Bihar, while in 2011 the state was second to Bihar. In 2009 and 2010, Maharashtra was third after Bihar and Kerala.City-wise, after Pune and Mumbai, the next three places with the most vandalism cases were Bangalore, Kolkata and Hyderabad, with 1,662, 1,428 and 1,419 cases, respectively. Year-wise, Mumbai saw vandalism second only to Pune in 2008. In 2010 and 2011, Mumbai had the third-most cases after Pune and Hyderabad. The Telangana issue saw heavy vandalism in Hyderabad in those years. In 2009, Mumbai was third after Pune and Bangalore, and in 2007 the city ranked fourth after Pune, Bangalore and Kanpur.Lawyer and former IPS officer Y P Singh said Pune could have a high number of cases due to western Maharashtra being a political hub in the state and several politicians coming from Pune. This results in not just vandalism, but also in rival political outfits ensuring that the police properly file FIRs and apply the correct sections in case of vandalism.Just outside Mumbai, MNS leaders vandalized the Bhiwandi toll naka on November 30, 2010 during an agitation over toll charges. Shops, autos and taxis have also been vandalized in Mumbai when political parties or unions have flexed muscles over issues. Last year, an agitation by the RPI (Athavale) and Republican Sena for a 12.5-acre mill plot to be given for an Ambedkar memorial led to some violence. On Thursday, 101 BEST buses were damaged by protesters, mainly through stone pelting.Singh said many vandalism cases are never filed or filed under lesser sections as the police go soft. The arrested parties may be let off after a couple of hours of detention under the provisions of sections 68 and 69 of the Bombay Police Act, 1951. \"In whatever few cases FIRs are registered, at a later date the home department may withdraw the cases following political pressure. There should be a policy for FIRs to be registered, preferably under non-bailable sections, for every case of unlawful assembly. There should also be a zero-withdrawal policy,\" Singh told TOI.\"Pune being politically sensitive, the police avoid manipulating figures there,\" Singh said. \"But, unfortunately, the statistics do not differentiate between a serious case of rioting and a technical case of rioting in which just five people may commit an unlawful act without law-and-order implications.\"Since vandalism of public and private properties during bandhs severely obstructs business and normal life, the guilty can be made to sign a good behaviour bond under the provisions of Section 107 of the Code of Criminal Procedure or serve preventive detention under Section 151.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "13711315", "title": "Lagadapati Rajagopal\u2019s loud silent protest", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: It was a mouna deeksha (silent protest) meant to highlight the deep-rooted corruption in the judiciary. But Vijayawada MP Lagadapati Rajagopal, who undertook the protest expressing deep concern over the disturbing developments in the judiciary, was talking all the time - on phone or to newsmen. He sat at the Gandhi statue in front of the Greater Visakha municipal office here on Friday morning protesting the corrupt practices in the judiciary.Talking about the suspension of CBI court judge T Pattabhirama Rao by the high court, after he allegedly took bribes to grant bail to mining baron Gali Janardhana Reddy, Lagadapati said an independent intelligence wing should be constituted in the judiciary on the lines of a similar body in America. \"If a person like Gali Janardhana Reddy has paid Rs 5 crore to get bail, one shudders to think of the amount Kadapa MP Jaganmohan Reddy would be paying to get bail,\" he said.He pointed out that judiciary is one of the main pillars of the democracy and there are cases where the culprits escaped scot-free. Lagadapati said if steps are initiated to attach and confiscate the ill-gotten properties of the culprits, it would act as a strong deterrent.Congress leaders minister Ganta Srinivas Rao, MLAs Dronamraju Srinivas and Panchakarla Ramesh babu, extended their solidarity with the MP's protest. He called off his protest in the evening after Ganta offered him lime juice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13712248", "title": "Pleas challenging quota in civic bodies rejected", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad High Court on Friday dismissed a bunch of writ petitions challenging the reservation and allotment of seats in local bodies elections.Delivering the judgment, a division bench of Justice RK Agarwal and Justice M Ahmed had framed seven issues for consideration of the cause raised in the petitions.The court while dealing with the questions raised in the petitions and after considering the issues held that petitions were not maintainable.The bench further held that all the grounds stated by the petitioners can be availed by them by way of election petition and writ is not the only remedy. The court in its order made it clear that so far as reservation in local body election is concerned, the present election of local body is not the first election but since the writ petition has been dismissed as not maintainable, it was left to be considered by the state government and state election commission without disturbing the election programme.All the writ petitions were opposed by advocate general SP Gupta and additional advocate general CB Yadav. Advocate KN Tripathi had argued that the case on behalf of the petitioners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-02"}
