{"city": "berhampur", "code": "12476603", "title": "Infrastructure boost to counter Reds in Ganjam", "text": "BERHAMPUR: To check the spurt in Maoist-induced incidents in Ganjam in recent years, the district administration has chalked out development projects worth Rs 40 crore under the Centrally-sponsored Integrated Action Plan (IAP) for the next two years.Construction of roads, anganwadi centers, rural playgrounds, mobile veterinary health units and electrification of 110 out of 475 panchayats in the district comprise the development projects, especially chalked out for selected panchayats identified as extremism-affected and underdeveloped.\"We have tressed on infrastructure development of the areas under the project,\" said collector Krishan Kumar. At least five veterinary mobile units will be functional in the areas, while at least 500 villages will be electrified, he said.Ganjam, Nayagarh and Jajpur districts have been included in the IPA in the second phase, which will be implemented in 2012-13. In the first phase, 15 Maoist-infested districts in the state have been included in the plan. Each district gets Rs 30 crore annually for infrastructure development to counter Maoist activities.Though Ganjam was normal till 2010, Maoist activities were witnessed in the adjoining districts of Gajapati, Rayagada and Kandhamal. Spurt in rebel activities was recorded from 2010 onwards in Ganjam with police registering three Maoist related cases the same year, followed by eight in 2011. This year so far, police registered at least three cases. While one civilian has been killed by Maoists this year, police arrested at least six Maoists, official sources said.Frequent movement of Maoists in jungles of Rayagada, Gajapati and Kndhamal and their presence in the neighboring districts preceded the ultras' activities in Ganjam, said a senior police officer. Lack of infrastructure in remote areas aids Maoists in spreading their tentacles in the district, said a police officer involved in anti-Naxal operations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12475913", "title": "2 Italians named in SpeakAsia \u2018sister firm\u2019 fraud", "text": "MUMBAI: The economic offences wing (EOW) has booked two Italians in a cheating case concerning the UAE-based firm Seven Rings International, which, the EOW says, is linked with SpeakAsia.Elia De Prisco and Antonio Grasso are Seven Rings' directors. They are among seven accused, the others being Indians. Against them, the EOW on Wednesday registered a case of cheating and criminal conspiracy under various sections of the Indian Penal Code andthe Prize Chits and Money Circulation Schemes (Banning) Act.The same day, the EOW registered a fresh FIR against investment firm Red Carpet, again linked with SpeakAsia according to the police. \"Red Carpet lured investors with promises of huge returns and asked them to invest money in the film industry,\" said an EOW officer. \"The scheme targeted investors in Meghalaya and other cities and villages in the northeast.\"Also on Wednesday, the EOW slapped a case on Admatrix Pvt Ltd. All three cases have some of the accused in common. The EOW says it has proof of a common link among SpeakAsia, Red Carpet, Admatrix and Seven Rings. \"All these companies are connected to one another and we have evidence to prove this. In the three fresh cases, victims were cheated of over Rs 300 crore,\" said Rajvardhan Sinha, additional commissioner of police (EOW).The EOW is probing a 2011 case against SpeakAsia, in whose schemes people invested over Rs 2,276 crore. In Maharashtra alone, SpeakAsia had 18 franchises. Seven Rings' scheme, floated in February 2008, targeted high-income individuals. The company would promise returns of Rs 10,000 per day on an investment of Rs 35 lakh for a year. Among the accused is SpeakAsia's Indian head Manojkumar Sharma.On Thursday, an email from SpeakAsia's online corporate marketing team said, \"To the best of our knowledge, no FIR has been lodged against Seven Rings International. We would like to state on record that SpeakAsia has nothing to do with a company by the name of Index Admatrix Pvt Ltd whatsoever. As regards Seven Rings International, they were only a content vendor for E-Zine Magazine, which was distributed by HVP Singapore. The only correlation (sic) we have is that this magazine allowed the consumer to participate in various activities of SpeakAsia.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12476779", "title": "SRK may shoot for \u2018Beautiful Bengal\u2019", "text": "KOLKATA: Mountains, forests, wildlife, sea beach, heritage... 'Beautiful Bengal' lacks nothing to be a tourism hub. All it needs is a bit of marketing and promotion, for which the government roped in none other than tinsel town superstar Shah Rukh Khan . The Bollywood Badshah is finally all set to shoot for the promos of the Beautiful Bengal campaign over the next eight weeks or so.Though the state information and culture department, which is coordinating the campaign, is tightlipped about the details of the promotional video, it was learnt that it will be of 30 seconds' duration and have brilliant outdoor visuals and smart music and lyrics. Khan, who owns the IPL team Kolkata Knight Riders (KKR), will be here during the tournament that starts on April 4. That's when he is likely to shoot for the video as well.Considering Khan's busy schedule, the shoot is being planned in such a way that it can be completed in a day. The promotion is being coordinated by state information and culture secretary Nandini Chakraborty. However , none less than chief minister Mamata Banerjee will finally approve of the campaign , which is said to be her pet project. Some officials in the state information and culture department feel that since Khan has his own films and entertainment company called Red Chillies Entertainment, it is possible that he might produce the campaign and dedicate it to the state as its brand ambassador - a role he had been offered by the chief minister when he was here for the Kolkata Film Festival and which he accepted later. Khan's representative in Mumbai, Karuna Badwal, said: \"SRK is just back from London, in time for the IPL. We are yet to receive details about this (the shoot) from the Bengal government and are looking forward to hearing from them. We have sent our confirmation already regarding SRK's willingness to be brand ambassador of the state and I am sure things are being worked out at the Bengal government's end.\" The Beautiful Bengal campaign is already being compared to the Khushboo Gujarat Ki campaign - mainly because of the star power that's going behind both. However, an official at the state information and culture department felt that the the state's campaign should be rated higher than the Gujarat government's campaign that has superstar Amitabh Bachchan as the brand ambassador. \"Bachchan has no direct link with Gujarat , but SRK owns the KKR and has associated himself with brand Bengal for at least four years now,\" he pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "12476416", "title": "Omar has not claimed any travel allowances in two years: J&K; government", "text": "JAMMU: Chief Minister Omar Abdullah has not claimed any travel allowances in the last two years while his council of ministers, chairmen of various boards and advisors spent Rs 209.96 lakh on travelling during the same period, the J&K; government told the state assembly on Friday.The government said Omar had claimed Rs 3.23 lakh in 2009-10 as his travel allowances in a written reply to a BJP legislator's question.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12475183", "title": "Witchhunting menace kills men in Jaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: In a twist in the tale which can force the state government to consider changes in its draft bill which proposes strict punishment for branding women as dayan (witch), now males are being termed witches and tortured in the state.A 60-year-old man was severely beaten up by his own son and other villagers who alleged that he was a Dakana (male witch) in Dungarpur district. They alleged that the elderly man was the reason for the death of some cattle in the village. The victim has registered an FIR. \"In Vagad area (southeastern Rajasthan comprising Dungarpur and Banswara), it is quite rampant to brand women as witches and torture them. In most cases, these women branded as witch are forced to leave their villages. It is mostly done to grab their property,\" a police officer said.He added that in the case of males, they are termed tantric (black magician) and tortured. However, the case of one Kanji Meena, a resident of Sattutalaiya village under Devara police station in Dungarpur district, is a bit different.In a complaint lodged with the police on Wednesday night, Meena alleged that he was being tortured by his son and other villagers. \"I was sitting in the courtyard of my house when my son, Motilal Meena, came with other villagers and started beating me up with sticks. I was severely injured. Some other relatives intervened and saved me,\" Meena said in his complaint to the police. Kanji was admitted to a hospital for treatment.Meena said Motilal is his son from first wife. Motilal had been harassing Kanji for some time claiming that he was a witch after some buffalos had died in the villages recently. Motilal and other villagers were claiming that it was due to the evil spirit invoked by Kanji Meena.Police suspect that Motilal might want his father to leave the village to grab his property. \"It is being investigated as motive. A case under sections of attempt to murder has been registered,\" a police officer said.The government had proposed Rajasthan Women (Prevention &amp; Protection from Atrocities) Bill, 2011 in which a major thrust has been given to protect women who are tortured or killed after being branded as witches, an evil practice prevalent in many rural areas here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12474746", "title": "Online post sparks Sangareddy riot", "text": "HYDERABAD: An uneasy calm prevailed in Sangareddy town on Friday, the headquarters of Medak district, after Thursday night's communal clashes over an allegedly denigrating photo of a place of worship posted on a social networking website. Though curfew was imposed in parts of the town, the situation remained volatile with agitators congregating in small numbers in various localities. While cops have booked eight cases against unidentified persons for rioting and destruction of public properties, local resident Pavan Mudiraj who posted the alleged photo has been booked under IPC Section 295 (A) (hurting religious sentiments).The night of mayhem in the town, which was gearing up for massive Ramnavami celebrations headed by Congress MLA Turpu Jayaprakash Reddy this week, resulted in property loss estimated to be around Rs 1.35 crore with over 58 shops/offices, a place of worship and 34 vehicles being damaged in the rioting. Locals, however, disputed the official loss figure, saying that officials excluded small-time businessmen like pan shops and foot path vendors who bore the brunt.The violence that continued till 5am on Friday erupted around 9.30pm on Thursday after cops refused to take cognizance of a complaint by a group of about 15 people. The group swelled to over 100 soon and during the protest in front of the police station a few cut-outs of Ramnavami were allegedly torn down. This led to retaliatory attacks in Ramnagar and Shivajinagar where shops, autos and houses were damaged. There were sporadic violence between 9am and 10am on Friday too in which 12 cops and 8 others were injured.According to locals, cops came five hours after the rioting began and in some cases even stopped owners from saving their burning shops. \"There was heavy stone pelting in Shivajinagar but the police control room failed to extend help on time,\" said Srinivas Kulkarni, a private tax consultant.Another local businessman Syed Munawar said cops had beaten them up when they tried to douse the fire engulfing their shop. \"Cops were watching helplessly. And when we tried to extinguish the flames, they beat us up accusing us of being the troublemakers. Grocer B Shabaraiah too pointed out how timely help could have prevented his shop from being gutted. \"I stay right above my shop and we could feel the heat when the rioters set it on fire.Small shop owners complained that though they were hit the hardest, the administration failed to take note. \"I have 12 people living on the income from my pan shop. Not even one official came to take stock of my loss. And this is the case with most small-time businessmen,\" said M A Basith, owner of Asian Pan Shop.The rioting revealed how ill-prepared the police department is: there were only 12 cops deployed at the district headquarters. There was even no coordination with the fire department. \"Fire tenders just 2 km away reached the spot three hours after the riots. It was the fire engines from Jogipet and Narsapur, located 10 km away, which reached the spot first and began work without police protection,\" said an observer on condition of anonymity.Residents said that this was the first time that such clashes occurred in the locality. \"We have been staying here for the past 20 years. Such clashes had never happened. All communities live here in harmony, in fact a Ganesh idol is placed for pooja every year right in front of the Masjid-e-Noumania, located near Gunj Maidan during Ganesh Chaturthi,\" said Abdul Majid, caretaker of the mosque, which was damaged in stone pelting.However, observers pointed out that the area has been communally sensitive since the past many years. \"Whenever there are communal clashes elsewhere in the city or the state, this locality is placed under section 144 IPC (unlawful assembly). There is clear-cut segregation right in the heart of the town where residential areas and slums can be identified as belonging to either of the two communities,\" an observer said.District collector S Suresh Kumar said he has submitted his preliminary report to the government and the state will have to decide on the amount of compensation on Saturday. \"We have constituted four committees headed by the RDO to assess the losses,\" said Kumar.Deputy chief minister Damodar Raja Narasimha, home minister Sabitha Indra Reddy, minister J Geeta Reddy and MIM MLA Ahmed Pasha Qadri visited the riot-affected areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12478899", "title": "Koena Mitra at a filmi party", "text": "Trust our Bong bombshells in B-town to send the mercury soaring during their visits to the city.When Koena Mitra dropped by at a city lounge bar, it was no different. She was joined by our pretty Tolly belles like Subhashree, Koneenica, Tina and Pooja as they had a good time at the party.While Koena looked laidback in an electric blue jumpsuit, the \"Khokababu\" gal rocked her LBD. Pamela picked a neutral strapless number for the do.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "12475647", "title": "IPS body forms committee to protect its interest", "text": "JAISALMER: A meeting of the members of the Rajasthan IPS Association was held in Jaipur on Friday over the Centre's decision of giving direct admission to officers of army and paramilitary forces in the Indian Police Service after clearing an examination held by the UPSC.Dr Bhupendra Singh, secretary, Rajasthan IPS Association said, \"A 10-member committee has been constituted to study the issues arising out of the proposed recruitment in detail and take all necessary steps to protect the legitimate interests of its members and the society at large which it serves.\"\"The committee is hereby authorized to provide all assistance, financial and otherwise, to any member/members of the association to protect and further their legitimate career/professional interests,\" he said. Thirty IPS officers from various districts of the state attended the meeting.The Rajasthan IPS Association strongly feels that the notification issued by the UPSC for Limited Competitive Examination (LCE) for recruitment to the Indian Police Service has not taken into consideration the apprehensions of serving IPS officers and State Police Service officers. He said the third mode of appointment to IPS through the LCE is based on the Kamal Kumar committee report on the ground that intake of large number of direct recruits and promotee officers to the IPS is not practical because the training capacity of National Police Academy is very limited.\"This prima facie does not appear to be a just ground for conducting recruitment through the LCE. The central government can very well augment the facility for training available in the National Police Academy similar to Indian Military Academy or National Defence Academy,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12475836", "title": "Cops clueless in grocer murder", "text": "CHENNAI: Police are still clueless on the killing of a grocer, P Rajarathnam, at Madhavaram High Road on Wednesday and they only have some branches for evidence.An unidentified gang used branches of a red gulmohar tree to kill Rajarathnam in an attempt to rob him of his collection amount. Police said they were searching areas with gulmohar trees. Efforts are on to find out from which tree the branch was cut as they believe that this could lead them to the area where the murderer was residing.Meanwhile, police have sent special teams to Vellore to interrogate a few of the persons known to the victim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12475749", "title": "Stolen goods blot police copybook", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The poor performance of city police in recovering stolen household items, vehicles and cash has residents in a tight spot. Here are a few instances where the recovery has not been done till now.Randeep Sharma of Sector 47 had lodged a case of theft of his jewellery and cash in April 2011 but till now, he is waiting for the recovery of his stolen ornaments. House of a senior executive, Sumedh Sharma was burgled in Sector 8 in August 2011 and Sharma is also still waiting for the recovery of his stolen ornaments, including 4 imported wrist watches and 2 LCDs.Talking to TOI, Jagdish Lal of Sector 44 said, \"My car was stolen from Sector 18 in December 2011 and cops of police station 19 have told me fill the untraced form, as they have failed to recover my car.\" Lal has reportedly refused to fill the untraced form and demanded reinvestigation.Unidentified burglars struck at the house of Randeep Sharma in Sector 47 in April 2011 and a case was registered at police station 31. In this case too, police personnel have sent an untraced report in the district courts, Sector 17, as police failed to arrest the culprits.A detailed record of Chandigarh police revealed that police personnel have failed to work out a total 500 theft incidents out of 900 cases during the period of last one-and-half years. In all, 500 cases, untraced reports were filed in various courts.The maximum untraced cases were reported in police station, Sector 39. The record shows a total 90 cases out of the 500 ones cases were registered with police station, sector 39 and 50 of the cases are still undetected.A senior police official said, \"For curbing the problem of untraced cases, investigation of these cases have been shifted to other wings such as crime branch and special cell. Sometimes, it is very difficult to recover some moveable items, including vehicles and electronic goods.The graph of untraced cases with police station Manimajra is second in line, as 75 cases of thefts and burglaries are untraced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12482411", "title": "A R Infant appointed as DGP in Karnataka", "text": "BANGALORE: A day after Karnataka high court struck down appointment of Shankar Bidari as DGP and IG and his empanelment and consequent appointment as 'null and void', the state government today appointed A R Infant in his place.The court, in its verdict yesterday had struck down Bidari's appointment as state DGP and IG for alleged atrocities committed by the STF led by him during the hunt to nab forest brigand Veerappan.It had dismissed as \"without merit and substance\", petitions by the government and Bidari, challenging the Central Administrative Tribunal order and held his empanelment by UPSC and consequent appointment as \"void and illegal\" and upheld the CAT verdict.The court had also directed the government should relieve Bidari forthwith and appoint A R Infant in his place.Infant was DGP Fire and emergency Services before his present appointment.Earlier, home minister R Ashoka had said Infant would be appointed to the post, saying chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda had a meeting with senior officers, after which it was decided to give charge to A R Infant as DGP.He also said the government would move the Supreme Court against the High Court verdict, as it has to protect the interests of the state.\"Since the appointment of the DGP comes under the state government, we have told our Advocate General to appeal in Supreme Court\", Asoka said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12475773", "title": "FOB to link Chembur station and mono stop", "text": "MUMBAI: A year from now when the monorail is up and running on its first line from Chembur to Wadala, commuters will be able alight from the mono rake at Chembur and walk on a foot-overbridge (FOB) to the suburban railway station for their onward journey.For better connectivity between the two transport modes, the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority(MMRDA) has decided to build FOBs connecting the stations at several places in the city and suburbs. The monorail is expected to be ready before the year-end and work on the first FOB will begin shortly. The 250 m bridge will connect Chembur monorail station with the suburban railway station.FOBs will be built at various other stations. One will come up at Wadala connecting the monorail stop with the suburban railway station on the Harbour line. There will be another one at Currey Road monorail stop connecting the suburban rail station on Central Railway. The last one will be from the Sant Gadge Maharaj Chowk monorail stop to Mahalaxmi station.\"The idea is to connect the two modes of transport so that commuters will benefit,\" said MMRDA joint project director Dilip Kawathkar. \"The plan is to build transport infrastructure in the city in such a way that most residents can reach their place of work within an hour,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12476957", "title": "Are Bengalis any good anymore?", "text": "KOLKATA: In this age of cutthroat competition, mere studies do not help. To prove this point yet again, Techno India in association with The Times of India will organize a debate to enlighten its students. On Saturday, celebrities will engage themselves at Techno auditorium in a threadbare discussion in the Times of India Debate: in the opinion of the House: Bengalis Are No Good Anymore.Ramaditya Ray, mentor, department of hospital management and medical coordinator, hospital projects, Techno India said: \"This is an annual seminar organized by the hospital management department. We are at a critical juncture in medical profession and hospital management at large. There is sometimes a huge communication gap between patients and the management. That happens because students most of the time have very less exposure to the society. Such programmes help them bridge the gap.\"He said with this type of debate, students get a chance to interact with the celebrities and they get exposure to the outer world.The speakers for the motion in the debate are Koushik Ghosh, Kunal Sarkar, Bithi Chattopadhyay and against the motion are Sudeshna Roy, Samrat Sen and Rupam Islam. The debate will be moderated by Indrajit Roy, sheriff of Kolkata.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12476674", "title": "Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation seeks time to act against illegal buildings", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) has approached the high court to seek a one-year extension for taking action against 1.10 lakh unauthorised constructions within the civic limits.The six-month period given by the high court to take action against these constructions ends on March 31.Additional commissioner Prakash Kadam said, \"The civic body approached the high court last week to seek the extension. The hearing on the application is on April 9.\"\"The civic body had sent a proposal to the state government for regularising the unauthorised constructions. We have sought the extension since the proposal is under consideration,\" Kadam said.Of the 1.10 lakh unauthorised constructions, 82,818 properties are in the municipal areas and 27,593 are in the Pimpri Chinchwad New Township Development Authority and Maharashtra Industries Development Corporation areas.On February 3, 2011, the high court had directed the civic body to remove all the unauthorised constructions within six months.The civic body had begun issuing notices to these constructions under section 53 of the Maharashtra Regional Town Planning Act 1966 asking them to remove the constructions within 30 days.However, the civic body could not issue all the notices within the six months, so it approached the high court which gave time till March 31, 2012, to complete issuance of notices.Meanwhile, the PCMC general body approved a resolution on February 18, 2011, demanding that the state government regularise the unauthorised constructions as had happened in Ulhasnagar.The resolution was sent to the state government on May 11, 2011, but the government said this would not be possible.It directed the civic body to submit a revised plan for regularising these constructions.The revised plan was sent on August 2, 2011, and is under consideration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12475813", "title": "80 jhuggis gutted in 10 minutes", "text": "GURGAON: As many as 80 jhuggis were gutted within 10 minutes in a major fire on an open plot in Sector 57 on Friday afternoon.Fortunately, there were no casualties reported as most locals were away %at work at the time of the %incident.However, due to the high intensity of the fire, occupants were not able to save any of their belongings. By the time fire tenders reached the spot, the fire had already done the damage and except for one shanty which remained unscathed, everything was charred beyond recognition.The blaze, which started around 2pm, could have resulted in a massive tragedy as minutes after it spread in the area small gas cylinders had started exploding. It was total chaos at the spot with occupants seen trying to salvage whatever was left of their belongings in the midst of smoke and fire.Taj Mohammad (37), a rickshaw-puller and a native of Nadia district (West Bengal), was inconsolable. His entire savings, around Rs 35,000, was reduced to ashes. I was offering namaz at a nearby mosque. By the time I reached my house everything was lost, Mohammad said as he broke down. Other occupants had similar stories to tell.Halima, a housemaid, said she was worried where she would go with her family now. Most of the occupants claimed they belonged to West Bengal while a few were from Bihar. While the menfolk work as daily wagers like masons or rickshaw-pullers, women work as maids in Sector 56 and 57.It took eight fire tenders about one and a half hours to put out the fire. According to fire department officials, the cause of the fire could be a spark from someone's earthen cooking stove which started burning the shanties made of cardboard and plastic.IS Kashyap, fire officer, Sector 29, said, \"We received calls from some people and from the police control room around 2.15pm and within five minutes the first vehicle was at the spot. In view of the magnitude of the fire, fire tenders from the Sector 37 fire station were also brought in.\"Occupants said they were living in that place for more than five years and paying anything from Rs 700 to Rs 850 per month to contractors hired by the owner of the plot. Musharraf, a contractor, said, \"We are two people here who collect money and give half of it (around Rs 25,000) to Rati Ram Yadav, owner of the plot. The other contractor is Alam.\"However, when contacted, Yadav denied the charges and said he was not charging any rent and doing it for free as a social cause.Amidst the chaos, Raja, 24, a resident of Katihar district in Bihar , was thanking his stars as his shanty was miraculously the only one which was not gutted. %He lived there with his wife and a kid and worked as a mason.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12476469", "title": "'Bin Laden didn't come up with 9/11 plot'", "text": "It was not Osama bin Laden who had come up with the 9/11 plot, a new book has claimed. When the strike was first proposed to him in 1996 the al-Qaida leader refused to give his backing. It was not until three years later before he could be brought around and another five years before the attack eventually took place.The book, titled 'The Hunt for KSM: Inside the Pursuit and Takedown of the Real 9/11 Mastermind , Khalid Sheikh Mohammed' , also gives the first in depth account of the the problems the FBI and CIA had hunting down al-Qaida after 9/11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12475416", "title": "Parties tapping young voters with free mobile applications, blogs", "text": "NEW DELHI: Political parties and candidates are banking heavily on technology, primarily social media, to reach out to the young voters. This is a visible diversion from old campaigning methods such as use of loudspeakers and posters. The Delhi BJP has taken the lead in this by coming up with free mobile applications that will give information on major campaigns and speeches by leaders. A US-trained techie has been roped in for the purpose.\"The mobile application can be downloaded by anyone. It replicates our party's official site and offers content like videos, latest events, information about BJP and its history, pictures and speeches among others. Using the app, one can connect to our Facebook page and give us feedback on different subjects,\" said Arvind Gupta, the in-charge of the technology innovation project for Delhi BJP. He said that the Facebook page of the party is already a hit. \"We have a blog and a page on Twitter too. The use of social media is being extended to connect with the young voters and get their feedback on various issues,\" says Delhi BJP president Vijender Gupta.The party's latest blog deals with reports of dissidence over denial of tickets to many key leaders. \"Party united to defeat the Congress candidates\" - it reads. The readers' responses are not charitable, though. \"I belong to the BJP and I truly believe that the process of selecting the candidates for MCD polls is going to be flop. BJP will face defeat from Congress because our party does not select candidates seriously,\" says one Sneha Malik.The Congress, on the other hand, says it is working on a host of projects involving the social media to be launched next week. \"Our website is updated regularly. We have a Facebook page, too, but it has not been updated recently because all our party functionaries were busy with the selection of candidates and other election related preparations. In the next one week, we are going to actively work on the social media to connect with the young voters,\" says Jai Prakash Aggarwal, president, Delhi Pradesh Congress Committee.BJP's latest blog deals with reports of dissidence over denial of tickets to many key leaders. Congress says it's working on a host of social media projects to be launched next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "purnia", "code": "12476780", "title": "Purnia schoolgirl found, kidnapper arrested", "text": "PURNIA: A Class XII student, who was kidnapped while returning home after taking her examination at Anandi Janaki Women's College, Banmankhi, under the same police station in Purnia district on March 17, was finally rescued at Triveniganj in Supaul district on Thursday.Her kidnapper, Rajiv Kumar, is said to be none other than her maternal brother-in-law. He was arrested at Triveniganj while roaming around the market on Thursday and has since been remanded to judicial custody, police said.Right from the day Rani (name changed) was kidnapped, the needle of suspicion fell on her maternal brother-in-law, Rajiv Kumar, though the girl's father, Naval Sah, had pointed the accusing finger at a lover, Abhishek Kumar, police said. Banmankhi SHO Rajesh Kumar Singh said that the kidnapper had slipped into Nepal with the girl and was staying there all these days.On a tip-off that the kidnapper was spotted at Triveniganj market, Banmankhi police in a joint hunt with their Triveniganj counterpart arrested him on Thursday, the SHO said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12477209", "title": "Vaccine against Alzheimer\u2019s on the anvil?", "text": "LONDON: Scientists claim to have moved a step closer to developing a vaccine against Alzheimer's, after they discovered a way to identify which proteins in the brain mutate and cause memory loss. A team at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center in Boston claims the vaccine could be used to treat Alzheimer's disease or even prevent the most common form of dementia from taking hold in the first place by giving it to patients in the early stages of the illness.In fact, the scientists claim to have already developed new antibodies to both diagnose and treat Alzheimer's , the 'Daily Express' reported. These target Alzheimer's-causing protein of a type known as tau and raise the possibility of an immunisation jab given at an early stage of the disease. Normally, tau protein is a hard-working participant in memory and brain functioning . But in Alzheimer's andother neurodegenerative diseases, it not only stops playing a productive role in brain health, it becomes a misshapen attacker that destroys brain cells.Dr Kun Ping Lu, one of the scientists, said, \"Since Alzheimer's takes at least a decade to develop, the challenge to halt memory loss is to identify the initial period when tau protein is transformed from 'good guy' to 'bad guy' .\"By developing an innovative approach to making antibodies , we have uncovered a new strategy to specifically remove disease-causing tau, while leaving healthy tau intact to carry out its important responsibilities.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "malegaon", "code": "12476354", "title": "471 candidates in fray for Malegaon civic body seats", "text": "MALEGAON: A total of 471 candidates are in the fray for the elections for the 80-member Malegaon Municipal Corporation. A fierce electoral battle is expected between more than half a dozen parties on April 15.According to the local election office, out of the 618 candidates whose nomination papers were found correct after scrutiny, 147 candidates decided to withdraw from the elections till 3pm on March 30, the scheduled deadline for the same. Among the 471 left, 65 are from the Congress, 58 from the Janata Dal (Secular), 56 from the third front and 54 candidates from the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP).The Samajwadi Party (SP), which surprised its rivals by giving tickets to three blast accused, is contesting 36 seats. Shiv Sena (SS) MLA Dada Bhuse said the party has decided to continue its alliance with the Republican Party of India (RPI) in Malegaon. He said the alliance will contest together on 26 seats; SS on 24 seats and RPI on the remaining two seats.Sunil Choudhary of the Bhartiya Janata Party (BJP), said the party is contesting 24 seats. The Maharashtra Navnirman Sena ( MNS), which has seen a couple of high profile inductions into the party fold in the last two weeks, is contesting on 25 seats. All the remaining candidates are either from newly formed parties and groups or are contesting as independents.Meanwhile, local Congress president Asif Shaikh Rasheed said that apart from the 65 seats the party is contesting on its own, has also decided to extend support to five independent candidates. Likewise, the Janata Dal (Secular) also has decided to support two independents.The eight election commission offices in Malegaon had received a total of 1,078 nomination forms from 636 candidates. After scrutiny, nomination papers of 17 candidates were rejected due to various reasons. Consequently, nomination papers of 618 candidates were deemed correct.The local election commission office will display the final list of 471 candidates on Monday. Election symbols to all the candidates will also be distributed on the same day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12476777", "title": "Sting of the transition", "text": "KOLKATA: The external affairs ministry introduced Passport Seva Kendras (PSK) for quick and glitch-free issuance of passports , but the shift to this new system has not come tailor-made . It's not a one-off case that citizens in Kolkata are facing problems in getting seamless services. Even the PSKs in Bangalore and Hyderabad took almost a year to iron out all the problems, which include internal goofups and tackling the touts.\"There were a lot of teething problems when the PSK project was initiated. Since this was a new initiative, we tried out various ways. Some compounded problems instead of solving them. For instance, people queued up all night and then sold the spot to applicants in the morning at a premium . While this may have been the practice in the old system, we could not allow this to continue,\" reminisced Golok Kumar Simli, the principal consultant and chief technology officer and one of the architects of the project.The bandwidth problem, too, had cropped up at the initial stage, forcing those engaged in the project to try out various measures and then hastily make course corrections. When appointment dates were opened up without restriction, all slots got filled for three months. When officials tried out a new system of allowing only specified number of applicants to fill up the form so that they could all get appointments, travel agencies and cybercafes with high bandwidth began controlling the process.\"It is after a lot of trial that we arrived at the present system. This may not be the most perfect one in a situation where demand outstrips supply by a huge margin , but it is the closest we could get to,\" Simli explained.All PSK centres faced some common troubles, including time for passport officers and staff to migrate from an antiquated manual system to an IT-enabled modern system. In Kolkata, that time took slightly longer. The second problem was the absence of adequate number of granting officers. In Kolkata, there are just 13 granting officers, including regional passport officers and assistant regional passport officers. Of these, seven officers are deputed at the PSK though it has a capacity for 10.\"If the officer count increases and 10 persons are allotted to the PSK, we can process twice the number of daily slots from 850 to 1,600-1 ,700 applications,\" said regional passport officer R Sivakumar.The other major problem is that Kolkata has the only PSK in the state. Once the Behrampore PSK opens mid-April , around 400 daily applicants from Behrampore, Nadia, Birbhum and North Dinajpur and South Dinajpur will apply there, reducing the load on Kolkata. Thereafter, focus will shift on mini-PSKs that will have a daily processing capacity of around 150 applications.\"We plan to set up mini-PSKs in Siliguri , Kharagpur, Gangtok and Agartala. That will take a huge load off Kolkata. Another mini-PSK is proposed at the Brabourne Road office. Then a citizen can expect to get a passport within a month of application,\" said Muktesh K Pardeshi, joint secretary &amp; chief passport officer at external affairs ministry.Times ViewIn the past, the process of issuing passports was extremely opaque. The mystery that shrouded the process also bred corruption. Passport Seva Kendras have made the process transparent. But they have led to new problems with applicants from rural areas facing the digital challenge and others unable to get appointments online. Also, the verification process still lacks transparency. Not only is there a need for more PSKs in Kolkata and rest of Bengal, village-level kiosks are critical to empower people to obtain a passport. The verification system needs to be streamlined so that passports can be issued within a month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12476528", "title": "Airport officials to continue stir", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The International Airports Authority of India Officers' Association (IAAIOA) has decided to continue with their relay hunger strike at the Trivandrum airport till April 12. The officers have been demanding the immediate rectification of pay anomalies prevailing for the past 16 years.Bonny Bastian branch secretary of the IAAIOA, said: \"Two people from among us are on a 12-hour hunger strike since March 27. It will continue till April 12. We have been informed that AAI has taken a decision and that they need time to communicate the order. We did not go ahead with the mass casual leave planned yesterday based on an assurance from the chief labour commissioner. He has held a conciliation meeting at New Delhi and asked us to refrain from any direct action till April 12 when the AAI is likely to make its decision public.\"Since December, officers belonging to the IAAIOA at the Trivandrum airport have been wearing black badges to work, holding demonstrations during lunch break and carrying out work-to-rule agitation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12476775", "title": "Chhapra wheel factory to start production soon", "text": "PATNA: The railways, which started trial production of wheels from its factory located at Belapur, Chhapra, from March 23, is likely to start regular wheel production soon.Expressing satisfaction at the result of trial production of wheels at Chhapra, a Railway Board official said that the railways is now much relieved as a new chapter of rail network development in Bihar had begun after a long wait.According to ECR CPRO Neeraj Ambastha, the railways successfully produced a set of seven wheels during trial production using about 17 tonnes of super fine scrap materials. Sophisticated equipment and tools have been installed at the factory to produce quality wheels, he said, adding the wheel factory is the first major factory which has been made functional in Bihar.According to sources, the project has cost about Rs 1,417.23 crore to the railways. The civil work of the wheel factory had started on July 29, 2008. The railways acquired 52 acres of land for the factory, 35 acres for rail siding yard and 51.76 acres of land for constructing railway colony for its employees, sources said, adding Chhapra wheel factory, which is the second in the country after the one in Bangalore, would fulfill the needs of the Indian Railways.The factory has the capacity to produce about one lakh wheels of goods wagons, passenger coaches and locomotives per year fulfilling the needs of the entire eastern and northern regions. Wheels at this factory are being manufactured using US-based Griffin technology, the ECR CPRO said.According to the Board official, the railways would require at least one lakh wheels every year in the wake of sudden increase in the number of long-distance goods and passenger trains.The opening of new freight corridors (eastern and western) would also require more wheels to keep pace with production of goods wagons, he said.At present, the railways has been producing three kinds of wheels -- one for passenger coaches and two others for goods and locomotives (engines).It has been manufacturing wheels at the Bangalore factory and the heavy industries ministry's factory at Durgapur in West Bengal.Besides, it has also been importing wheels for locomotives from other countries, each wheel costing about Rs 3 lakh, including cost of axles, sources said, adding the Chhapra factory would save huge foreign money being spent on importing wheels.The factory has the capacity to produce about one lakh wheels of goods wagons, passenger coaches and locomotives per year fulfilling the needs of the entire eastern and northern regions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12476818", "title": "Mounted, city boy shines at international horse show", "text": "PATNA: All of 13 years, Patna's Satyam Anand has won two silver medals in the recently-concluded The Great Ghaziabad Horse Show '12, an equestrian championship in which horsemen from across the country and abroad participated earlier this month.Satyam won laurels for his second best scores in two categories of showjumping in the group of children. \"I wish him bigger successes in future and will provide him all the facilities required to polish his skills,\" Satyam's mother said, beaming with bliss.The stallion caught Satyam's fancy when his father Anand Kumar Singh, a police officer, got a posting in the BMP ( Bihar Military Police)-1 as its commandant. \"I used to see photographs of my father riding horses. It was quite fascinating,\" he told TOI.Thanks to his father, Satyam's training began in April last year under trainer Gopal Sharma. While in Patna , Satyam practices only at the weekend as the DPS-Patna's Class X student cannot bunk off school. He, however, makes full use of vacations which he usually spends at his maternal grandparents' house at Ara where the Mounted Military Police (MMP) is headquartered. \"MMP sub-inspector Abdul Hasan has been kind enough to spare time to train me at the MMP grounds,\" he said.With Satyam shining at the Ghaziabad show, Hasan is a proud man. \"This boy is so good that he performed brilliantly in the very first competition in which he participated. If he is trained properly for a year, he can definitely make it big at the national and even international levels,\" he said.Satyam is deft at jumping horse up to five feet. And to remain physically fit he works out on treadmill for an hour daily apart from doing other exercises. He is so passionate about horse-riding that he watches online videos on it and describes the \"addiction\" as \"my correspondence course\".But Satyam would not make this sport his profession. \"I will certainly hone my skills further but as a hobby only,\" he said and vowed to better his performances in upcoming competitions \"to make my state proud\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12479796", "title": "I\u2019m an ardent Sukumar Ray fan: Amit Sen", "text": "Amit Sen's 3D adaptation of Sukumar Ray's HaJaBaRaLa could well be India's answer to the cinematic adaptation of Alice in WonderlandBut all that is going to change what with Tollywood's director Amit Sen coming up with a Bengali adaptation of the text. And what more? This will also be the first 3D film to be made in Tollywood.Ask Sen how he came up with this idea and he says, \"I'm an ardent Sukumar Ray fan and have been toying with this idea for quite some years now. This novella was written decades ago and so there is no copyright issue over it. Goutam Kundu has agreed to produce this movie and he deserves all the credit for backing such a project. I will be off to Mumbai soon to work on the pre-production work.\"Considering that this will be Bengal's first 3D film, how is he going ahead with the work? \"The pre-production work has begun. First we will go for clay animation. Since this will be a stereographic process (3D), a lot of research and development will be involved in this. I'll have to zero in on theatre artistes to finalize on the dubbing lineup so that the story boarding process can begin. Then, I'll go for the main casting,\" the \"Notobor Not Out\" director says, adding that the recent success of \"Bhooter Bhobishyot\" that was made in the comedy genre has also reinforced his decision to attempt such a fantasy in the comic genre.The story begins with a boy waking up and finding that his handkerchief has turned into a cat. He starts talking to the cat, who speaks nonsensically about a handkerchief and a semicolon before disappearing over the hedge. He tells him to find Kakeshwar Kuchkuche, in a series of calculations that eventually tell him that he is in a tree. Many other characters such as Hijibijbij appear resulting in confusion. Finally, the boy wakes up from his odd dream and finds the cat!Apart from the challenges of working on a 3D film, the other issue is that this rip-roaring hilarious classic text of Ray also doesn't have any case of crisis and resolve. \"That is a big challenge that I will have to negotiate. I might include some portions from Ray's Abol Tabol as well. Today's children are fed on a diet of Harry Potter and cartoons. But if you give them such interesting stuff, I'm certain that they will lap it up. That's what happens when children go to watch Satyajit Ray or Sandip Ray's Feluda films after their parents take them along because of the latter's nostalgic attachment. My \"HJBRL\" has global appeal. The idiom could be Bengali. A phrase like \"Udor pindi Bhudor ghare\" might be rooted in Bengal but in the larger perspective, the text has an international appeal in the way it handles nonsense literature. Johnny Depp and Mia Wasikowska had featured in the 3D version of \"Alice in Wonderland\" in Hollywood. I'd be glad if my film, in its own way, can be India's answer to the genre of nonsense movies made in the world.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12476815", "title": "Hotels, clubs spruce up swimming pools", "text": "PATNA: With the onset of summer, management of hotels and clubs get busy in the cleaning and renovation of their swimming pools to serve those Patnaites who love to enjoy their evenings in the pools.Most of the hotels and clubs with swimming pools will start its swimming session from early next month. Hotel Maurya, which has only two male instructors, is offering various monthly and seasonal packages. RR Rana, marketing manager of the hotel told TOI, \"This year, we are also looking for a female instructor.\" Swimming time in the hotel pool for gents is from 6am to 9am and 6pm to 8pm. It will be from 4pm to 6pm for ladies and kids, he said.Hotel Patliputra Ashoka offers no training session as it does not have a trainer. But gents would be allowed from 7am to 10am and ladies from 4pm to 8pm to splash in its pool. \"We would keep two lifeguards to help beginners,\" said Swati Gupta, front office manager of the hotel.Keeping in view the rising number of swimmers in the city, Ghar Angan - a resort in Patliputra Colony - will start a swimming session this season. Gautam Shekhar, food and beverage manager of the resort said, \"At present we have hired only one male instructor but we would increase the number of instructors, depending upon the number of clients interested in swimming.\"There would be separate timings for males (from 8am to 10am) and females (6am to 8am) and one kid would be allowed free with each adult at Ghar Angan pool.New Patna Club will also start its swimming session in the second week of April. It will keep an affordable fee and also offer entry on daily basis. The club has kept three separate timings. For ladies (both members and guests) it will be from 4.30pm to 6.30pm and for non-member males from 6.30pm to 8pm. For male members it is from 6pm to 9pm. \"We have three instructors, two males and one female,\" said Shakeel Ahmad , manager of the club.Bankipore Club, which keeps its swimming pool available only for its members, will start the session by the second week of April. \"We do not conduct any swimming training class,\" said Mahesh Agarwal, president of the club.Gargee Grand allows only its customers to enjoy the swimming pool facility that remains available round the year from 7am to 7pm, said Manoj Prasad, front office manager of the hotel.Pool charges not same in all hotels and clubsHotel Maurya (from April 1): Monthly package: Rs 4,400 for one adult, Rs 2,500 for a child, Rs 6,100 for a couple and Rs 8,300 for, a family. Seasonal package: Rs 9,900 for one adult, Rs 7,400 for one child, Rs 13,000 for a couple and Rs 17,600 for a family Hotel Patliputra Ashoka (from April 5): Charges yet to be decided Ghar Angan Resort (from April 15): Monthly package: One adult Rs 3,000 (one kid's entry free). Seasonal package: One adult Rs 14,000 (one kid's entry free) Hotel Gargee Grand (round the year): Free entry; only for its customers Bankipore Club (from April 15): Yet to finalize charges New Patna Club (from April second week): Monthly for one member Rs 800, one guest Rs 200. Seasonal: Only for members (Rs 1,000). Daily: Rs 20 for non-members, Rs 50 for members", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12476050", "title": "Zonal engineers given power to OK building plans", "text": "CHENNAI: The Corporation of Chennai on Friday decided to give statutory powers to zonal executive engineers to approve building plans.Form April 1, to get a building plan or permit approved, the owner shall intimate the divisional or ward office concerned after the foundation is completed. A failure to do so may lead to temporary suspension of the permit.A corporation press release said \"planning permissions for ordinary buildings that is stilt + 2 floors or ground floor + first floor not exceeding 6 dwelling units in case of residential buildings and not more than 300 sqm in case of commercial buildings have to get the plan approval from zonal officials.\"\"In case of any deviations, 'stop work' notices will be issued and 'lock and seal' procedures undertaken before demolition notices are sent,\" said commissioner PWC Davidar. \"A rectification should be taken out by the builder,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12476432", "title": "GCDA brings cheer to homeless in Ambalamugal", "text": "KOCHI: The Greater Cochin Development Authority (GCDA) executive committee meeting on Friday has decided to provide title deeds to people promised houses at Ambalamugal.These houses have been built at the 3-acre 16-cent land owned by the authority.\"This has been a long pending decision. The Amrithanandamayi Matt is involved in the construction of 136 houses for poor families,\" said GCDA chairman N Venugopal.He said the authority would also request the government to grant these people exemption from paying registration fees.The executive committee also approved the decision to cancel the BOT project proposed at Manapattiparambu.The GCDA also approved the conducting of international football and cricket tournaments scheduled to be held at the Jawaharlal Nehru International Stadium in May.A decision to amend rules governing renting of GCDA-owned grounds was also taken at the meeting.The rectification of regulations will facilitate scraping of rules which authorizes the authority to retain 20% of the deposit from people who cancel booking of grounds.\"Henceforth, the executive committee will have the power to decide the terms and conditions taking into account the circumstances that led to cancellation of bookings,\" Venugopal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12475621", "title": "Metro snag: Study to review coping system", "text": "NEW DELHI: The six-hour ordeal on the Metro network on Thursday has forced Delhi Metro to review their coping mechanism. Senior Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) officials on Friday said they were carrying out a detailed study of the episode and looking at better ways of dealing with such a situation. \"We are examining two-three scenarios in case of a similar incident in future. One is that of reducing the speed of trains along the entire corridor to prevent excessive bunching,\" said Raj Kumar , director (operations), Delhi Metro.Train services on the busy Noida line were affected on Thursday due to a problem in the signalling system near the Pragati Maidan station. Trains had to be run on manual mode for a maximum of 2km during peak hours. Kumar added that the study would be completed within five days and remedial measures would be taken in the next fortnight.\"The track circuit was showing the presence of trains on the network, but it was not communicating to the trains their distance or gap from the next one,\" Kumar said. The trains were forced to run at 25kmph. Kumar said the problem was worsened as the track circuit, between the Pragati Maidan and the Mandi House stations, is located just before a junction point at Yamuna Bank, from where two separate Metro corridors towards Vaishali and Noida start. He also said Delhi Metro would introduce Communication Based Train Control (CBTC) technology in Phase-III, which will not only improve frequency of trains, but will also minimize technical snags.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12476176", "title": "New GCET dates are May 8, 9", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa Common Entrance Test (GCET), scheduled to be held on May 9 and 10, 2012, will now be conducted on May 8 and 9 as the earlier dates clashed with those of the common entrance test in Maharashtra. The change in dates will allow Goan students to attempt the CET of the neighbouring state as well to increase their chances at gaining aseat in professional colleges.\"There are many Goans living in Maharashtra who want to attempt the CET in both states to better their chances for a seat. Similarly, students in Goa too want to try their luck at the Maharashtra CET. Accordingly, the dates have been changed to facilitate this,\" technical education deputy director Pradeep Kusnur said.The process of accepting forms for GCET will be on till April 5, 2012. For south Goa applications are being accepted at Ravindra Bhavan in Margao and in north Goa applications are being accepted at the directorate of technical education office in Porvorim.\"We are currently processing applications for the test and issuing admission cards to students. Students have to check the admission cards for the new GCET timetable to avoid any confusion,\" Kusnur said.GCET is held for admissions to professional colleges across the state offering medicine, dentistry, engineering, pharmacy and homeopathy courses. Around 3,500 students from Goa take the test each year.GCET will be held across ten centres-one each in Mapusa, Verna, Navelim, Vasco, Sanquelim, Churchorem and two each in Panaji and Ponda.The test will be objective, multiple-choice type, containing 75 questions of one mark each, with no negative marking. GCET will be based on syllabus prescribed by Goa Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Class XII syllabus in physics, chemistry, mathematics, biology and computer science.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "kadapa (ap)", "code": "12479691", "title": "Man who set himself and family members on fire, dies", "text": "KADAPA (AP): A forty-year-old man, who allegedly set afire himself, his mother, wife, daughter and two others over a property dispute, today succumbed to his injuries, police said.The two women and the daughter had died yesterday itself. The man identified as Reddy Basha succumbed at Rajiv Gandhi Institute of Medical sciences, police said.Suman, a local, who too had got involved in the dispute, was critical, doctors said.Basha, a resident of Raychoti village, poured kerosene on himself, wife Mumtaz (35), mother Rajiyabee (60), daughter Taj Haseena (8) and two others (Suman and another man) and set all of them on fire over a property dispute with his sister-in-law Amrunbee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12479260", "title": "What\u2019s Priyamani\u2019s favorite perfume?", "text": "Guess what actor Priyamani's favorite perfume is! Before you start naming brands, let's tell you that its none of those high-end brands that celebs usually take a fancy to. Priyamani likes the scent of wet mud.So, as the weather turned cooler on Friday and the rain Gods showered their blessings, Priyamani was overjoyed. \"It just rained here!... aahhh the smell of wet mud! How pleasant and wonderful...much better than any perfume! I loveeeee it!!!\" the actress exclaimed. The actress added that the smell of wet mud when it rains, is the \"best smell ever\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12475518", "title": "Red Fort attack: Accused let off for want of proof", "text": "NEW DELHI: Twelve years after the Red Fort attack, charges against an accused have been dropped due to lack of evidence. Athruddin alias Athar Ali , is an alleged Lashkar operative.Additional Sessions Judge Pawan Jain discharged Athruddin, holding that there was no evidence to connect him with the offence. Ali is already serving a life sentence in Lucknow in another case registered under provisions of the now defunct Prevention of Terrorism Act.The court held there was nothing against Athruddin except a disclosure to the police, which is not admissible evidence. The Special Cell of Delhi Police had alleged that Athruddin was a Lashkar member and had been in touch with Mohd Arif, who has been sentenced to death in the case.He had been charged of waging war against the country, murder, attempt to murder, criminal conspiracy and other provisions of the Indian Penal Code.Athruddin was nabbed in 2001 after his name surfaced in terror activities. The police had brought him to Delhi in 2001 but he fled to Jeddah in Saudi Arabia and was declared a proclaimed offender.The agency said Arif had disclosed that Athruddin had met two district commanders of Lashkar and had also attacked a police party in Srinagar. In 2004, he came back to India and was planning to set up terror bases in different parts of the country when he was nabbed by Lucknow police and was sentenced to life imprisonment by a designated court in 2009.Lashkar men had sneaked into the 17th-century monument on December 22, 2000, and started firing indiscriminately on guards of the seventh battalion of Rajputana Rifles, killing three people, including a civilian. Arif was the prime accused in the case and awarded capital punishment. The Delhi high court and the Supreme Court had also upheld his death penalty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12475663", "title": "Team Anna a den of criminals: Mulayam", "text": "NEW DELHI: SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav slammed Team Anna as \"den of criminals', renewing the face-off between the civil society group and MPs barely days after the Lok Sabha censure.Reacting to \"offensive statements\" made by Team Anna member Arvind Kejriwal , Mulayam Singh Yadav said Team Anna was a 'den of criminals' and Anna Hazare was surrounded by corrupt people.RJD chief Lalu Prasad said, \"He (Kejriwal) is a frustrated and discarded person. We should not take notice of what he says. He will go mad in a few days.\"The attack from top Yadav duo showed the friction remained between the political class and the Lokpal group despite hopes that Lok Sabha censure would cool the tempers. Lok Sabha speaker Meira Kumar this week concluded a debate by saying that any comment which lowered the dignity of parliament was \"unwarranted and unacceptable\".However, the mild rap contrasted with tempers during the discussion when members sought breach of privilege proceedings against the civil society bloc. SP chief Mulayam Singh had sought their summoning to parliament to seek apology from them.The Team Anna came under attack from the political class after Kejriwal called MPs criminals and corrupt, and released a list of 14 ministers who would be under investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12477116", "title": "Another suspected swine flu death", "text": "BHOPAL: In another suspected case of swine-flu, a middle aged woman died on Friday a few hours after a sample was sent for testing for the disease.The deceased, Sia Bai, 52, is a resident of Begumganj in Raisen district. After she complained of respiratory trouble on March 28, she was brought to LBS Hospital in the city. On Friday, her sample was sent to the Regional Medical Research Centre for Tribals (RMRCT), Jabalpur, for swine flu test. But she died in a few hours after her sample was sentChief Medical and Health Officer (CMHO) Pankaj Shukla said, \"A sample was sent from the LBS Hospital to the RMRCT for the swine flu test. The patient, suffering from pneumonia, was on ventilator. She succumbed on Friday.\"He added, \"Another sample is expected to be received from Hamidia Hospital tomorrow of a small child. As of now, it seems to be a case of meningitis. The sample would be sent for confirmation.\"The CMHO also stressed wearing masks was ineffective from protection against swine flu as the H1N1 virus spread from cough droplets. He said, \"Masks will be only effective when a person affected by the swine flu wore it so that others don't contract the disease. N95 masks are the effective and those of cloth do not serve the purpose.\"He added, \"Crowded places like New Market should be avoided. Also, frequent hand washing should be done throughout the day. Maintaining an arm's distance from person's suffering from cough is another precaution that should be followed.\"\"Private nursing homes have also been asked to alert the administration immediately and send the samples if there are suspected swine flu cases. The family members should also be quarantined,\" the CMHO said.Swine Flu: SymptomsSudden fever - 100 degrees F or aboveSudden cough and sneezingHeadachesTirednessChillsWeakness and fatigueAching muscles and jointsSore throatRunny noseDiarrhoea or stomach upsetLoss of appetitePrecautionsCover your nose and mouth with a tissue when you cough or sneezeThrow the tissue in the trash after you use it.Wash your hands often with soap and water, especially after you cough or sneeze. Use alcohol-based hand-cleaners.Avoid touching your eyes, nose or mouth directly. Germs spread this way.Try to avoid close contact with sick people.Staying home from work or school if you are sick.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12475825", "title": "Jewellers to keep shops closed today as well", "text": "Continuing their protest against Centre's decision to hike excise custom duty on gold jewellery and tax deduction on transaction of over Rs 2 lakh, jewellers staged protests across the state on Friday. They will keep their shops shut across Uttar Pradesh on Saturday also. Many traders' associations supported them in their protest.In Lucknow, the jewellers observed complete bandh and kept their shutters down in markets like Hazratganj, Chowk and Naka till late afternoon. However, in markets like Aminabad, the bandh call had a partial effect as most shops remained open.Later, the jewellers, under the aegis of UP Sarrafa Association staged a protest and gheraoed the Congress office in Mall Avenue. The traders also handed over their representation at the office of UP Congress Committee. \"We will continue to protest until our demands are met,'' said Ravindra Nath Rastogi, general secretary of the UP Sarrafa Association. Shailesh Rastogi, a trader, said that they would meet various Congress leaders and apprise them about their problems. Jewellers were joined by some traders who showed their solidarity by keeping their shops shut.In Kanpur, jewellers and the traders reacted sharply to the Bandh call given by the All India Sarrafa Association. As a result the prominent city markets including Naveen market, PPN market, P Road, Sisamau, Gumti, Kidwai Nagar, Govind Nagar, Lal Bangla remained closed. The markets that are situated in the thickly populated areas of the city like Birhana known as the jewellery hub, Nayaganj, Naughara (the cloth market) etc also remained completely closed. It was after 3 pm, the shopkeepers opened their shops and gradually by the evening hours, the situation could improve.The city jewellers received full co-operation from the traders. Even the petrol pump owners participated in the Bandh and for nearly two hours between 12 noon to 2 pm, the pumps remained closed. Earlier, the jewellers and the traders took out a protest march from Nayaganj to Phoolbagh area. They raised anti-government slogans and ridiculed the central government for forcibly imposing the increased rates of excise duty.Agitated jewellers also threatened of holding Jail Bharo Aandolan if their demand was not met. The angry jewellers also burnt the effigies of UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi and Pranab Mukherjee.In Allahabad Sarva Yuva Vyapar Mandal took part, which observed a complete bandh in Chowk and other business centres of the city. Shopkeepers downed their shutters to express solidarity with the members of the jewellers community.President of Prayag Sarrafa Mandal, Kuldeep Soni who is also sitting on an indefinite fast since Tuesday said that imposition of additional excise duty would usher Inspector raj in the country where small jewelers would be harassed by officials on one plea or the other.In Varanasi the call for statewide bandh given by Uttar Pradesh Udyog Vyapar Pratinidhi Mandal in protest against the hike on excise and custom duty on gold jewellry evoked mixed response.While the jewelers kept their shutters down on the 14th consecutive day, the major markets witnessed mixed response of the bandh call.The jewellers in areas like Kodai Chowki, Sudia and other places observed complete bandh. While the big business establishments found closed in major markets like Lahurabir, Maldahiya, Lanka and other places, small shops remained open during the bandh. The medical shops remained closed. However, a number of shops in many areas like Sigra, Godowlia, Dashashwamedh, Nayi Sadak remained open.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12475429", "title": "Concerned House panel likely to summon three Service chiefs", "text": "NEW DELHI: Upset over General V K Singh's letter to the Prime Minister about the alarming levels of preparedness of the Army, the standing committee of Parliament on defence could summon the three Service chiefs on April 4 or 9, when the panel is slated to meet.The committee is concerned over the Army chief's claim that the defence preparedness is at an \"alarming level\", when the Army representatives have been regularly telling MPs that the force was ready to protect the borders.Over the last two years, the armed forces have been presenting an exemplary report of spending their capital allocation. For instance, in the financial year 2010-11, all three Services had spent their entire allocation, while in 2011-12, save for Rs 3,000 crore of the Army's capital allocation, they had spent all the money.The repeated assurances are in stark contrast to what the Army chief has now claimed, and raises questions if the standing committee was misled by the Army and the ministry of defence. If not, Gen V K Singh's claim would look like an exaggerated statement. Either way, the members of the standing committee could seek to even look at a breach of privilege against the Army for \"misleading\" the House forum.Sources said the standing panel would also be seeking answers from the MoD about the leak of the privileged communication between Gen Singh and the PM. The committee would also want to explore how far the letter has compromised the nation's defence preparedness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "ranchi/new delhi", "code": "12474687", "title": "EC countermands Rajya Sabha elections in Jharkhand", "text": "RANCHI/NEW DELHI: In an unprecedented move, the Election Commission countermanded the Rajya Sabha polls in Jharkhand on Friday. In a late-night development, the EC requested the President of India to \"rescind notification issued for the RS poll in Jharkhand.Earlier in the day, the EC had stopped counting of votes after tax officials recovered Rs 2.15 crore from an SUV belonging to one Suresh Agarwal, allegedly a cousin of R K Agarwal, a Jamshedpur-based businessman, who is in the fray as an Independent.Constitutional expert Subhash Kashyap said, \"To the best of my knowledge, this is the first time counting in Rajya Sabha was stopped.\"The poll process will now have to start afresh, after the dramatic developments seeemed to confirm the state's reputation of being the happy hunting ground for businessmen with aspirations to RS seats.Two persons - Surendra Tripathy and Nanku Ram - were arrested from the Namkum railway station, where the SUV was nabbed by IT officials. Tripathy is an employee of R K Agarwal.\"The SUV belonged to Suresh Agarwal and money was being sent from Jamshedpur to Ranchi. We have sent a preliminary report to Election Commission on the seizure of cash and the relation between Suresh Agarwal, R K Agarwal and the two persons arrested with the money,\" said I-T commissioner Vir Birsa Ekka.He said that that the I-T team was keeping an eye on movement of cash because of an EC directive.The candidate fiercely denied any connection with the money or the man who was ferrying it from Jamshedpur. Alleging a conspiracy to malign his image and thwart his efforts to enter politics, he said, \"You cannot make any Agarwal my relative and family member. Just because he is Agarwal, my name is being dragged.\"He added that he would like to pump more money for social work done by him than pay the legislators and get a berth in Rajya Sabha. Yet, the seizure from the outskirts of the city triggered uproar in the state assembly, leading to the adjournment of the House and the suspension of counting of votes.Fear that the cash-rich backers of political entrepreneurs contesting as Independents may poach the votes of MLAs had risen in the countdown to polls. Besides Agarwal, there is another businessman Pawan Dhoot in the fray. Both are reputed to be \"resourceful\", although none can boast of the sort of popularity that could lead MLAs and smaller parties to support them by defying whips and dumping declared allies.With Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM), coalition partner of BJP, fearing that its candidate Sanjeev Kumar might lose, BJP was forced to reconsider its directive its MLAs not to take part in elections. It eventually directed its MLAs to vote for its ally but only after making sure that all JMM MLAs voted for their party nominee and not for two of the Independents. Of course, that meant that there was no secrecy of vote as partners showed the ballot papers of their MLAs to each other before they were deposited in the box.Congress also remained wary of its flock being wooed by the Independents, and there were unconfirmed reports that one of the party MLAs did not seem keen to support party candidate Pradeep Balmuchu.The two major political parties - BJP and JMM - has 18 members each, while Congress and Jharkhand Vikas Morcha-Prajatantrik (JVM-P) has 13 and 11 MLAs, respectively. The AJSU Party and Rashtirya Janata Dal (RJD) have five members each. There are six Independent MLAs.Although the election of JMM nominee looks certain if the EC declares the results on the basis of votes cast on Friday, there was uncertainty about who could be the second successful candidate.\"Any one who wanted to win had to get support from MLAs from other party and even independent legislators. In these circumstances no one can rule out the possibility of house trading,\" said JVM-P candidate Praveen Singh and this was the reason why his party chief and former chief minister Babulal Marandi lodged a complaint with the EC after which I-T department became active and seized the cash.After the fiasco, the EC directed returning officers and chief electoral officers of Jharkhand and Uttarakhand, too, that the result of counting of votes \"shall also not be declared without specific clearance of the Commission\".On Friday, the EC sent a set of proformas to both the states. These must be filled up before the poll panel gives a go-ahead for counting of votes and announcing the results.The EC will give clearance after scrutiny of the report in the proforma about \"defect free completion of counting and disposal of all objections in writing\".The proforma sent by the EC to the returning officers and chief electoral officers in Uttarakhand and Jharkhand has sought information on interruption or obstruction of poll, violence, ballot box tampering, loss, damage or destruction and booth capturing, among others. The EC also sought recommendations regarding repoll or fresh poll.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12477127", "title": "MANIT to ink MoU with 2 French varsities April 9", "text": "BHOPAL: In a bid to give global exposure to its students and faculties, the Maulana Azad National Institute of National Technology (MANIT) will sign a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with two French universities on April 9, next month.Ecoles des Mines (GEM) and des ecoles de telecommunications (GET), the two universities from France seek to develop partnerships with NITs in India and it will begin with Bhopal-based MANIT.MANIT director Dr Appu Kuttan said, \"It is a big opportunity for us. Once we sign the MoU, students and faculties would be able to have a first-hand experience of the advanced courses being run in French universities.\"The main purpose of the cooperation is to foster academic and scientific collaboration, provide opportunity for global experience and facilitate advancement of knowledge on the basis of reciprocity between French universities and MANIT in the field of education and research.The GEM offers masters and specialisations in all branches of engineering and the Institute Telecom offers specialisations in telecommunications and electronics engineering-related fields.\"After signing the MoU, students and faculties would be able to concentrate on learning aspects. If an exchange student has undertaken research, then the home institution will take note of the performance evaluation and the technical report, and take steps in accordance with its own procedures, \"MANIT PRO Vinita Mohindra said.On being asked about the benefits of MoU, Mohindra said, \"Students and faculties would be sent to the French universities for short-term courses. After degree, we would be able to recommend their profiles to French companies,\" she added.\"Students who attend seminars, classes and other short-term course in France could also be easily hired by such companies,\" Mohindra said. Besides, French universities would give scholarships to students and faculties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12476311", "title": "CM visits child welfare council office", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Ananya, the child who died on Thursday at State Council for Child Welfare, was cremated at Thycaud Santhikavadam here in the presence of hundreds of people. Chief minister Oommen Chandy , district collector K N Satheesh and MLA V Sivankutty were among those visited the council office to pay homage to the little girl.Earlier, a chaotic situation prevailed at the Medical College Hospital, where the post mortem was conducted.A section of people led by ousted general secretary of the council, P Krishnan blocked the council authorities from receiving the body.They alleged that it was the council's administrative officer C Raman Kutty's irresponsibility that resulted in the child's death. Following this Raman Kutty fell unconscious. He was immediately admitted to the hospital and given first aid. He was discharged later in the evening.Meanwhile, the district collector K N Satheesh, who assumed charge of the council on Friday, dismissed a daily wages worker, in connection with the incident. Arunima, who was in charge of the children including Ananya, was the one who was terminated from service.The collector also issued show-cause notice to two other maids, Ambika and Archana, who were in charge of children in the adjacent rooms.Later, the collector had to seek the help of Fire and Rescue Services personnel to break open the office rooms of the council, as the former secretary had removed all the door locks and installed new ones and had taken away the keys. The collector then handed over the files to the office superintendent for verification.Chief minister Oomen Chandy also visited the council's adoption centre. Chandy personally requested the staff at the centre to be more careful and avoid such incidents in future.Following Thursday's accident, the child welfare committee has issued a 10-point guideline to the staff for ensuring the safety of children at the centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12479511", "title": "The stage is set", "text": "And a set of young, exciting musicians is going all out to jazz up the sound of Bengali theatre with new compositions and instruments. Keep your ears glued!Theatre has always been the playground of the stalwarts. But it's only now that mainstream musicians are putting their expertise to good use and jazzing up the music on stage. The result? Theatre music has never sounded so wholesome.Says an excited Gautam Halder whose \"Osama\" was staged recently in the city, \"The audience started clapping along with the songs playing between the scenes.\" Yet another song, at the end of the show, had the audience clapping till it got over. \"It was the kind of applause one would reserve for a musical event and not theatre. I was pleasantly surprised,\" says Gautam. His play was set to music by Bhoomi's Surojit, who tells us that scoring for plays is a different ballgame than composing for films or cutting an album.\"There are no retakes and it's an extremely challenging task. In plays, doing the music goes hand in hand with the whole process of preparing the play for staging. Thus, it is extremely important for composers to be present at the rehearsals, listen to the script and the dialogues. The music depends on the content of the play, which then has to sync with the music. The two processes happen simultaneously,\" he says.Anupam Roy is another young composer who has done his share of composing for the stage. \"When I used to live in Bangalore, I'd done a lot of work for theatre groups. My first stint was with Our Theatre, a Hindi outfit. In Kolkata, it all started when I met thespian Debesh Chattopadhyay at a party. I worked as a composer for his play \"Bikele Bhorer Shorshe Phool\" and also sang the song \"Tomar bhitor theke\",\" says Anupam.Music forms an essential part of theatre these days, feels Chandrabindoo frontman Anindya Chattopadhyay. \"In 2004, we were approached by Debeshda (Chattopadhyay) to do the music for \"Fataru\". Two songs became quite popular, one of them being \"Fyat fyat shai shai\". Initially we were a little wary of taking up this offer as we hadn't done natoker gaan before. But now, times have changed and it's nice to see newer and younger musicians going all out.\" It's not just that mainstream composers are infusing the Bangla stage with their talent but Bengali theatre is moving beyond using stock sounds and sound effects. Composer Debajyoti Mishra , who has worked with thespian Suman Mukhopadhyay for productions such as \"Teesta Parer Brittanto\" and \" Raja Lear\", says that music for the stage is being done at grander levels now. \"In \"Raja Lear\", I have used the Armenian wind instrument duduk as well as the oboe. In \"Bisharjon\", huge brass horns were used to mimic the act of war and bloodshed. I have incorporated chants from all over the world in the sequence where Raghupati calls upon Goddess Kali.In \"Teesta Parer Brittanto\", a 24-member chorus was used. I have also used the Japanese Shakuhachi extensively,\" says Mishra. Reasons for this revamp are many. Says Deb Chowdhury, lead singer of Sahajiya, who has also dabbled in theatre music, \"Music in Bengali theatre is now being taken seriously. With mainstream composers entering the scene, a lot of fresh ideas are being incorporated. This change with time was necessary. And why not? The government and departments of culture are granting funds to theatre groups. One must remember that theatre is an audio-visual presentation. Plays have to jostle with television soaps and serials. When a person pays for the ticket to watch a play he or she expects the experience to be worth every penny.\"Thespian, actor and director Kaushik Sen too is supportive of this change. \"Theatre is a composite art. It involves music, performance, art and other allied forms of creativity. But the purpose of these auxiliary forms of art is to enhance the quality of the production,\" he says.Anupam still feels that one roadblock in popularizing theatre music is its reach. \"The song that I composed and sang in \"Bikele Bhorer Shorshe Phool\" did see some popularity. Yet it was not even 10% of what \"Amake amar moto thakte dao\" saw. The reach of theatre is still very limited. And financially, it's yet to receive a boost unlike mainstream movies,\" says Anupam.So do we see theatre music being released on CDs anytime soon? \"The music release of \"Raja Lear\" and \"Bisharjon\" is at the planning stage and will happen soon,\" says Debajyoti Mishra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "12477247", "title": "Class-V student goes missing", "text": "HOWRAH: An 11-year-old boy went missing from outside his house on College Ghat Road in the Shibpur police station area of Howrah on Thursday evening. His family lodged a complaint with police but officials have not managed to make much headway in the case so far. On Thursday, the Howrah City Police had rescued a three-year-old child in Pilkhana. The three persons arrested in this connection were produced before a court and remanded in police custody till April 5.Deepak Kumar Verma, a Class-V student, was at home on Thursday since it was a holiday. Deepak was last seen in his house on Thursday afternoon when he was asleep beside his mother Vidyabati. \"Later in the afternoon, Deepak seems to have got out of bed and left the house to play. In the evening, when his father left the house to go to his shop, he saw Deepak playing nearby. However, when Vidyabati called out to her son later in the evening, there was no response. We searched all the playgrounds around the house but there was no trace of the boy. Finally, we went to thepolice and lodged a complaint,\" a relative said.Police said the family lodged a missing diary but could not provide any more details. The boy's parents also did not suspect anybody of abducting their son.\"The boy's school results were out on Friday. We will check his marks to find out if his results have any bearing to his disappearance. However, we are also not ruling out the possibility that the boy was abducted,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12480176", "title": "Dammu audio launched in style", "text": "The audio launch of NTR Jr's big ticket flick, \"Dammu\", saw some industy bigwigs in attendance.The star made a dashing entry along with wife Lakshmi Pranathi. The couple dressed in co-ordinated black and great outfits. Leading ladies Trisha and Karthika were the shutterbug's delight.A mellow NTR Jr, praised each and every technician, who was part of the film, giving them due credit and won the hearts of the people present. \"The film has taken shape because of the dammu (guts) of all the people who worked on it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "12475616", "title": "District administration gears up to check child marriages during Akha Teej", "text": "AJMER: The district administration is gearing up to check child marriages on the occasion of Akha Teej which is on April 24 this year. The police officials including medical and health department along with the revenue office will work together to keep a watch on mass weddings on Akha Teej.\"There will be a control room for this before, during and after Akha Teej that will function 24 hours a day. The control room will function even at every subdivision office and the report will be sent directly to the district head office,\" said Manju Rajpal, district collector.She added that officer of deputy superintendent level will monitor the control room. Women and child development department will coordinate with the health and medical department. Even tehsildars will participate actively to prohibit child marriage. Most of the child marriages take place during Akha Teej.\"Often it is found that during the marriage rituals of young men and women villagers also perform marriages of their children,\" said a police officer. He added that because of the pressure from administration the child marriages are usually performed before or after Akha Teej.\"Akha Teej is considered an auspicious day when one does not have to consult any astrologer. This is the best time for marriages,\" said Ghanshyam Parashar, a priest based in Pushkar. \"This is the time when most of the villagers are free since only two crops grow in Rajasthan every year. This is also a time to meet each other, attend festivals together and organize marriages,\" said a panch of the Rawat community.A panch of the Gujjar community said, \"Child marriage is written about even in our epics. There is no harm as only the rituals are performed and the children do not live together. The community only permits them to live together after they attain adulthood.\"The state government has never got any support from the rural regions due to the orthodox view of these communities regarding child marriages. \"Such marriages are organized in the interiors of villages and it is very difficult to interfere there. Usually a large gathering of the community members on such occasions does not let the police force stop these events,\" said a police official. There are also reports that in certain places even public representatives like MLAs participate in these occasions and therefore it is not easy for the police to interfere here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12481599", "title": "Infosys, TCS, Sify bag Department of Post projects", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Department of Post (DoP) has issued Letters of Intent (LoIs) to Infosys, TCS, Sify and Reliance Communications Infrastructure for different technology advancement projects.\"Department is trying to induct technology in a big way. There are eight RFPs (Request for Proposal) we have floated and issued Letter of Intent in five (projects) to companies which include Infosys, TCS, Sify and Reliance,\" Secretary (Posts) Manjula Parasher told reporters here.The Department has got approval of Rs 1,877.2 crore to be spend across these projects over period of two years and will seek additional funds when the need arises.\"Funds of Rs 1,877.2 crore have been approved. We will go ahead with that. We may need more money because implemented in some of the cases may last over period of six and half to nine years,\" she said.DoP has issued LoI to Infosys for two projects which are Rural System and Financial Services Integration, Tata Consultancy Services for Change Management, Sify for Network Integration and Reliance Communications Infrastructure for Data Centre.She said contract agreement with these companies will be signed shorty after these projects will start.Under technology advancement program, DoP will put all necessary softwares in place along with procurement of requisite IT hardwares.Secretary (Posts) added that the department will computerise all its 1.55 lakh post offices across country by 2013 with over 24,000 department post offices already computerised by month end.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12414068", "title": "Boredom, cheap thrills behind Porngate!", "text": "After Karnataka, now Gujarat Assembly wears the stigma of pornviewing inside the House. We trace the murky truth behind the political sleaze...Politics, money and sex have always made for committed bedmates. But, these three are supposed to indulge in their carnal copulation in deep, dark, closed-door recesses. What happens when the Power Puff boys of politics tickle their sleazy bone in public? A big furore created by their opponents, for sure, but little else. The recent porn-viewing parties that were reported first in Karnataka and a few days back in Gujarat, have brought to fore the oversexed drives of some of our netas. But, there's more behind this exercise. We dig deeper...For cheap thrillsSexologist Dr Prakash Kothari says that the politicians, who were involved in Porngate, must definitely be inhibited people. He adds, \"Since they can't express their sexual desires at the right time and in right manner, they choose such places, which are sacred - to get kicks. There's nothing wrong with viewing porn, but there's a time and place for that. Sex is about affection, caring and warmth, and is the ultimate expression of love. But, these politicians don't know the niceties of this art form. So, they get their cheap thrills in this clandestine manner! After all, both politics &amp; sex are about concealment!\"It's an addictionSexologist Dr Rajan Bhonsle, on the other hand, feels that these 'pervert' politicians are actually suffering from porn addiction. \"Porn addiction is as bad as alcohol or nicotine addiction. I know many top lawyers and doctors, whose practice has gone kaput because instead of attending to their clients, they would be sitting in a corner and watching porn. At the end of the day, these politicians are human too,\" says he.Jo pakde gaye woh buddhu!Adman Bharat Dabholkar refuses to let the accused off so lightly and feels that \"the politicians eat, drink and have fun in the holy temple of lawmaking.\" He adds, \"In fact, they do everything else other than doing what they are supposed to do! Earlier, they were caught sleeping, and now they are busy watching porn in the Assemblies! I feel most of the Bills are passed smoothly because they are just not bothered, unless of course, it's a controversial Bill and government's existence depends on that! I feel this porn viewing has been going on for a while. Par jo pakde gaye woh buddhu, baaki hoshiyaar!\"Boredom, no excuse!A common excuse cited in favour of Porngate is acute boredom and long speeches. But, MLA Devendra Fadnavis begs to differ. \"Porn viewing inside the Assembly is unforgivable! There can be no excuse for that! If representatives of the people behave in such a disgraceful manner, people will lose faith in them. I also get bored at times when there are too many boring speeches or proceedings are going on. But, at that time, one can go to the lobby or the canteen and come back refreshed after a light snack or a cup of tea. If you have a tablet, you can read many newspapers online or all those reports, which are presented in the House related to public good.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12476510", "title": "Padmanabhaswamy temple Kathakali fest draws big crowd", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A 10-day long Kathakali fest at the Sree Padmanabhaswamy temple is drawing hundreds of Kathakali enthusiasts to the temple.The continuous classical art performance is part of the Painguni festival and the Padmanabhaswamy temple in the only place in the city where Kathakali is performed on all the 10 days of the festival. Natyasala Kathakali Sangham is staging the performance this year. The kaliyarangu at the temple will be active by 10pm every night and the performance will go on till wee hours next day. On Friday, 'Thoranayudham' was staged in which veteran artist Nelliyode Vasudevan Namboothiri enthralled the audience with his 'Hanuman'.'Kalyanasaugandhikam', that features an interesting verbal duel between Hanuman and Bheemasenan, will be staged on Saturday. While Nelliyode will don the role of Hanuman, Chandramana Narayanan Namboothiri will give life to Bheemasenan. On Sunday, 'Kuchelavritham' will be staged. 'Balivijayam aattakkatha' will be staged on Monday and 'Santhanagopalam' will be staged on Tuesday.'Nalacharitham Onnam Divasam' and 'Kiratham' will be staged on Wednesday and Thursday respectively. The Kathakali fest will conclude with the performance of 'Sreerama Pattabhishekam' on Friday(April 6) night. Kalamandalam Vijayakrishnan Unnithan will play the role of Sreeraman and Puliyoorkode Hariprasad will act as Lakshmanan while Kalabharathi Vasudevan will give life to Sita.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12476485", "title": "Bomb scare at Infosys", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Around 3,000 employees of IT bellwether Infosys had a harrowing time on Friday evening after the company's call centre got a phone call around 6 pm informing the presence of bombs on the campus.Employees were made to vacate the campus in no time. \"I was just shutting down my terminal when a senior management member told us about a bomb threat. I rushed to my car in panic and left. I don't know what happened after that,\" said an engineer who stays in IRC village.To avoid panic among the employees, the management relayed the news to its staff with a top down approach with managers conveying the news to the team leaders, who in turn told executives about the threat. Still there was huge traffic jam outside the Infosys gate in Patia.DCP Nitinjieet Singh said \"We are almost through in our search barring a few more areas. It appears to be a hoax call but we don't want to take a chance.\" The call details were being verified, he added. Police were still searching the campus till filing of this report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12477176", "title": "Watch close-ups of galaxies at Jawahar planetarium again", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The renovated Jawahar Planetarium was inauguarated on Friday by the Union minister for rural development, Government of India and trustee Nehru Memorial Fund, Jairam Ramesh amidst a distinguished gathering of persons from all walks of life.The programme started with the welcome address by the administrative secretary, Jawahar Lal Nehru memorial Fund, Rajendra Prasad who spoke about the objectives of JNMF including spreading scientific temper among the masses. The Jawahar Planetarium was also set up with this objective in mind, he said.In his adress the administrator, JNMF, Peeyush Pandey explained the need for switching over to the new digital technology of digistar 4 by Evans and Sutherland of USA. The new immersive technology with 5.1 surround system transforms the dome into a jungle of stars. It shows breathtaking closeup views of planets, shows galaxies whizzing past, even skies that the human eye cannot see.He said that there are 40-odd planetariums in the country with optho mechanical equipments while others have gone digital including the Jawahar Planetarium.He informed that Jawahar Planetarium now has a new exhibit gallery with large digital prints, all created on computers.It has a 7x7 picture of Moon, Comparitive sizes of planets and stars, Milky Way showing location of interesting objects, our place in the Universe, various views of Saturn, Lonar Lake and more.The director, Jawahar Planetarium, Pramod Pande said that the inaguration was aslo hi-tech, No ribbon was cut, instead the minister seated in the audience was handed over a small IPOD.He touched the screen and the show started.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12476309", "title": "Four officials help man usurp collectorate land", "text": "TRICHY: The tahsildar of Thanjavur town has allegedly colluded with three other officials to register 17,424 sqft of collectorate land in the name of a Thanjavur resident. The land lies in the heart of the city in the backyard of the district collector's office and although the guideline value is Rs 610, the market price of the land is said to be in the region of Rs 3 crore.District collector K Baskaran placed the four officials including the alleged brain behind the scam, the then Thanjavur tahsildar Kamaraj, under suspension on March 6. The other three are village administrative officer (VAO) of Nilgiri Thottam, Gunasekaran, additional deputy tahsildar Venkatesan and city land surveyor Rajendran. The man who tried to grab the land through false means was Napoleon, who has considerable clout in the region.The five even succeeded in giving legal sanction by twisting facts of the case to get a \"rayatwari patta\" by which the registered landholder is recognized as its proprietor who call, sell or transfer it at will. Napoleon had moved a petition in the Madras high court claiming ownership of the land and the court held that of the total area of 17,424 sqft, 17,066 sq ft might be registered in the name of Napoleon and the rest 358 sq ft must be reserved with the collector's bungalow as government 'poromboke'. But the court directed the commissioner of survey and settlement to finalize the deal in accordance with law. Napoleon approached the assistant commissioner of survey and settlement, conveniently bypassing the commissioner, to get the job done. The assistant commissioner gave unconditional authority to the local tahsildar Kamaraj to help register the land in favour of Napoleon.Baskaran told TOI that the whole deal was done in an ambiguous manner and the tahsildar in question had no jurisdiction over the issue. Saying that the disputed land was very much with the government, Baskaran said that even the \"irregular order\" issued by the assistant commissioner of survey and settlement was questionable and appropriate action would be taken against him by his own commissioner.The murky deal came to light when the new tahsildar, S Murugadas, who had taken over in Thanjavur from Kumbakonam some 20 days ago, was approached Napoleon's brother to inquire about the status of the land following a suspected sibling war over the ownership of what was ultimately government land. \"The whole deal was done within a matter of 20 days following the court direction to the commissioner of survey and settlement and the district revenue officer (DRO) was kept in the dark,\" Murugadas told TOI. The land grab cell of the local police has been asked to file an FIR against all the five persons involved in the usurping of the government land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12475729", "title": "Parents protest against school\u2019s annual results", "text": "LUCKNOW: Students belonging to class IX and XI of St Francis' College and their parents staged a protest inside the school on Friday morning. These students had failed in two more subjects and were demanding promotion to the next class. The students alleged that more than 20 students have been failed from each section due to strict marking.More than 70 students accompanied by their parents created ruckus inside the college campus demanding the school principal to pass their wards who have failed in two subjects. \"The new principal has changed all rules. Till previous year, if a student failed in two subjects, he was promoted to the next class,\" said a parent.On Friday, the college authorities had called a meeting of parents together with the students who have failed in two or more subjects. As per the college authorities, the meeting was to inform the parents that their child has not been performing well and been irregular to the college. However, the meeting took a bad shape when parents pressed the college principal to pass their kids.College principal Rev Fr Denis Naresh Lobo said, \"We are following the rules set by the Council for the Indian School Certificate Examinations (CISCE). Till last year, we had compartment exams for students who failed in two subjects and if he cleared the exam, he was promoted to the next class. However, the Council was against the compartment exams and hence, we had to do away with it.\" He added that most of the students who have failed are those who have poor attendance and few are even suspended from the college.As per Lobo, only 15 students out of 200 in class IX and another 15 out of 250 students in class XI have failed. \"We are anyways very lenient with the students. Instead of 40%, the pass percentage here is 35%. Even then students are not able to meet it,\" said Lobo. As per the college rules, a student if failed in English will have to repeat the class, and if he fails in two subjects (one being either computer science or Hindi) will not be promoted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12476956", "title": "Six held for killing Neelgai", "text": "KANPUR: Six persons were arrested in Bithoor on charges of killing a blue bull (neelgai). Ismail, Hasrat, Shakir, Shakeel, Noor and another person were caught near Baqarganj when they were on their way to Chaubeypur in a vehicle with some parts of the carcass of a blue bull, the police said. They have been sent to jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12477094", "title": "School buses get 1 month to renew permits", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Friday extended by a month permits of school buses after the School Bus Owners ' Association moved the court, saying their members are being harassed and their permits not being renewed.A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Ranjit More was informed by the association's advocate V P Patil that the Regional Transport Office was issuing notices to members to adhere to the March 22, 2011, general resolution which imposes several conditions for carrying school students.The association had called for an indefinite strike earlier this month. However , it had given an undertaking before the HC not to strike pending their representation before the government for modification of the Maharashtra Motor Vehicles (regulations for school buses) Rules 2011. \"If we go by the Rules, no vehicle can be on the road,'' said Patil.The judges questioned why action is being taken against the bus owners when the association's representation is to be considered by the government. \"Why do you want to aggravate the situation?'' asked Justice Shah angrily.Additional government pleader G W Mattos replied that the bus owners whose permits have expired or are nearing expiry, under the guise of renewal, are seeking a back-door entry.\"They want their permits to be renewed under the old rules without following norms under the new rules,'' said Mattos. He also informed that the 2011 Rules were placed before the state legislative assembly in April 2011.Mattos also submitted that the government was directed on March 12, 2012, by the HC to take a decision on their representation by May 15, 2012, so that the bus owners can effect modification in the buses before the next academic year. The judges have directed the RTO to extend the permits only till April 30, 2012. They also clarified that this extension would not mean that bus owners can claim further renewal of their permits under the old rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12474908", "title": "\u2018Open Bibinagar-Nizam\u2019s Institute of Medical Sciences in 6 months\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: Chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy on Friday directed officials to ensure that the 150-bed Nizam's Institute of Medical Sciences (Nims)-Rangapur campus near Bibinagar in Nalgonda district was ready within six months.Reviewing the progress of the Rangapur Nims campus with health minister K Murali and senior officials at Secretariat, the CM asked the finance department to immediately release Rs 60 crore to the hospital. He directed officials to chalk out a comprehensive plan to develop the Nims-Rangapur campus into a national disease-specific centre and a multi-specialty hospital for diabetes, cancer and kidney ailments.The officials informed the chief minister that there was substantial improvement in the 108 ambulance services. While the average time taken for an ambulance to reach the accident spot after the call in urban areas now is 17 minutes, 27 minutes in rural areas and 26 minutes in tribal areas, the CM was told. The CM asked the officials to publish a monthly bulletin on the status of vehicles and the number of calls received.Officials explained that 70 new ambulances would be inducted from June 30 this year and 78 special vehicles would be provided in tribal areas from July 31.He directed the officials to ensure that Aarogyasri funds were used to equip and strengthen government hospitals. He also wanted a report on the structural difficulties from village level to the top and suggestive measures to address the problem.Meanwhile, the Centre has approved establishment of Institute for Pregnant Women in SVRR Governmental General Hospital, Tirupati, and sanctioned Rs 10 crore each for grounding the project within the next two financial years. The institute would come up on the premises of the existing medical college hospital and institute of obstetrics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12476602", "title": "Pune institute to train scientists from South Asia, Africa", "text": "PUNE: The city-based National Meteorological Training Institute, which provides training in analysis and interpretation of weather changes for aviation and agriculture, will now train scientists from South Asian and African countries.The institute is the only establishment in the country to have been chosen to provide training on a global platform, said B Mukhopadhyay, deputy director general, India Meteorological Department, New Delhi.The decision to select the Pune-based training institute was taken during the valedictory function of the 25th session of the World Meteorological Organisation's executive council panel of experts on education and training. Mukhopadhyay is the sole Indian member on this panel.The Pashan institute is the regional training centre of the India Meteorological Department. During the five-day session, it was also decided to extend the institute's accredita- tion till 2017. The accreditation is a global recognition of the institute's courses, course material and infrastructure, among other things, and enables the institute to invite scientists from Africa and South Asian countries for training.Other centres with similar accreditation are in Beijing (China), Tokyo (Japan) and Melbourne (Australia), said Mukhopadhyay.The institute currently has an intake capacity of 65 seats, but for a year-long course, 30 students are allowed. The durations of other courses range from three weeks to several months.Speaking to TOI on the sidelines of the function, Mukhopadhyay said, \"The institute will offer courses in climatic services, aviation safety services, disaster risk reduction, agro-meteorological training and other emerging areas. The training deals with developing skills, data analysis, processing and its interpretation.\"For instance, scientists and engineers will be trained to understand and analyse radar readings, read satellite images and interpret them, Mukhopadhyay said.Earlier, a limited number of scientists from other countries were trained at the institute. But with the extension in the accreditation, the institute can expand its reach. \"We are also mulling over introducing distance-learning courses in meteorology, but that needs good internet support,\" he said.Countries like Rwanda and Bhutan have already placed requests to send their scientists to the institute, said an official from the institute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12476874", "title": "Report finds plotholes in land denotification", "text": "BANGALORE: A CAG report on irregularities allegedly committed by the B S Yeddyurappa government cites the September 2008 denotification of 20 acres of land in the middle of a Hardware Technology Park in Bangalore North taluk.The report tabled in the legislature on Friday pointed out the \"undue haste\" with which land was denotified in seven villages of Nelamangala taluk for establishing Dobbspet Industrial Area Stage IV following a representation to industries minister Nirani in October 2010 by the owners. In April 2011, five acres and one gunta of land was denotified without waiting for the KIADB's response.The government was also accused of excess acquisition of land for an integrated steel and power plant in Kuduthini village in Bellary district in January 2010.The government also allegedly denotified plots allotted to industries in four villages of Nelamangala taluk in Sompura Industrial Area Stage I in July 2010 in violation of rules. It also allegedly acquired land in a restricted area ---Thippagondanahalli Reservoir, developed it and allotted plots to industries.WHAT DOES THE CENSURE MEANDJ Bhadra, Principal Accountant General (Civil and Commercial Audit), Karnataka, said the irregularities cited in the CAG report are only test cases. \"But they point to the need for an investigation of all cases and we have recommended the same to the government,\" he said.\"Besides, we observed that though KIADB recommended against denotification, in several cases the government went ahead with denotification without sufficient recorded grounds,\" Bhadra told TOI. There have been violations in land allotments too, he said. \"Irregularities highlighted in the report are illustrative and there are glaring examples of dereliction of duty and severe lack of accountability that need to be investigated,'' Bhadra explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12475613", "title": "Fake maid agency busted, 3 arrested", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three persons who ran a fake placement agency for household help have been arrested. The accused would charge customers for providing maids, but the help would run away after a day. The accused have been identified as Sarfraz Alam and his wife, Jinnatun Khatun, and Vikas Pandey.The arrests took place following a complaint by Kuldeep Singh who stays in Sarai Rohilla.He said his daughter, Jasmine Kaur, had called up 'Just Dial' and asked them to provide phone numbers of placement agencies for household help.\"Next day, a man called and introduced himself as Rajiv, owner of Pooja Placement Services in Chirag Dilli. He said he could provide trained maids for Rs 20,000 each. Singh hired two maids, but they slipped out of the house without informing him. The complainant made repeated calls on the number provided by the placement agency, but to no avail,\" said I B Rani, DCP (north).The accused said girls were brought from West Bengal to act as maids. \"They decided to take advantage of the huge demand for maids in Delhi and the NCR. Cheating people on the pretext of offering household help seemed a safe bet as very few people report such cases to the police.\"They collected service charges in the range of Rs 20,000 to 30,000 for the maids, who would then flee from the victim's house. The cell number and address given to the clients were all bogus,\" said Rani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12475844", "title": "CBI won't probe charges against Lt Gen Suhag", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI on Friday said that it would not investigate the complaint forwarded by Army chief General V K Singh against serving Lt Gen Dalbir Suhag, and the agency has returned this complaint. The agency officials said that a comprehensive probe into the matter had already been done by the Cabinet Secretariat last year, and it did not find anything against Suhag.On Tuesday, Gen Singh had forwarded to CBI a complaint letter from Trinamool MP Ambica Banerjee of May, 2011, that had alleged corruption in purchases for the Special Frontier Force during the tenure of Lt Gen Suhag as its then Inspector General. Now, Lt Gen Suhag commands Dimapur-based 3 Corps, and is in line to become the Army chief after Lt Gen Bikram Singh.CBI sources said since the issue had been probed by the Cabinet Secretariat last year and no wrong-doing was found, there was no need for another probe by it.The Special Frontier Force works under the Research and Analysis Wing (R&AW;), which is controlled by the Cabinet Secretariat. Naming several senior Army officers, the Trinamool MP had alleged kickbacks were paid in the deals relating to purchase of parachutes, communication equipment, weapons and weapon sights, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12481472", "title": "Maval police firing case: 47 protesters arrested", "text": "PUNE: Seven months after Maval firing incident in which three farmers were killed and nine were injured when police fired upon protesters, Pune Rural Police have arrested 47 persons for attacking the police.Judicial Magistrate (First Class) of Vadgaon Maval, Ashwini Lokhande, remanded the arrested farmers to judicial custody till April 12 today.Last week, the Bombay high court had rapped the state government for slow probe.Shankar Jadhav, deputy superintendent of police (Lonavla Sub Division) said, \"We had issued notices to some farmers on March 26, under Section 160 of the Criminal Procedure Code. We have arrested 47 for alleged involvement in the attack on police personnel.\"The Pune rural police had opened fire on agitators on Pune-Mumbai expressway during the `Maval bandh' called by BJP-Shiv Sena-RPI and Bharat Kisan Sangh against Rs-400 crore pipeline project of the Pimpri-Chichwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC).\"There are 50-55 more persons who were involved in the attack. We are trying to identify them with the help of video footage of the incident,\" Jadhav added.On the police's side, two officers and six constables are facing a criminal case in connection with the firing. The probe is not over yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "udhagamndalam", "code": "12475421", "title": "Ooty residents demand cycle lanes", "text": "UDHAGAMNDALAM: A separate lane for cyclists should be introduced in the town, demanded speakers at a discussion on climate change organized by the Nilgirs chapter of the World Wildlife Fund (WWF) for nature here on Friday.Hoteliers, members of NGOs, students, media persons and public attended the meeting, N Chandrasekar, secretary, Nilgiri Hoteliers' Association said, \"Youngsters need to be made aware about cycling in the hills, especially in rural areas.\"He suggested that the district administration could come out with sign boards on conservation of energy and climate change.\"As far as cycling as an alternative mode of commuting is concerned, youngsters especially students need to make a start,\" said D Radhakrishnan, a journalist.As far as the local road conditions and un-cleared garbage across the town was concerned, Chandrasekar said, \"The district administration and municipality should take some serious steps to solve the problem.\"Further, a cycling lane around the Ooty lake was also suggested in the discussion. \"All the suggestions made during the session will be submitted to the project director of the Hill Area Development Project for perusal and implementation,\" said N Mohanraj, coordinator, WWF. Meanwhile, WWF is observing earth hour 60 on Saturday across the world.As far as India is concerned, seven cities, including Chennai, Bengaluru and Hyderabad, will observe earth hour by switching off electronic items from 8.30pm to 9.30pm, Mohanraj said. \"We have also taken the initiative to spread the message in Ooty to observe the same,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12475604", "title": "Green tribunal order poses fresh hurdles to Posco", "text": "NEW DELHI: Placing fresh hurdles before India's biggest FDI project - Rs 50,000 crore Posco Integrated Steel Plant in Orissa - the National Green Tribunal (NGT) on Friday suspended the final 2011 environmental order of the then environment minister Jairam Ramesh in favour of the Korean giant.The NGT did not cancel the original environmental clearance of 2007, but prepared the ground for imposing tough new conditions on the project after a detailed and stringent fresh review.The NGT order could increase problems for Posco as the company's 2007 clearance for the port and the steel plant is slated to end in the middle of this year. The company will need to seek an extension - this time with the additional conditions that the new panel might impose. All environmental clearances for construction are valid for five years by which time the project is required to go functional.The NGT order can only be challenged in the Supreme Court, and is bound to embarrass the government after Prime Minister Manmohan Singh recently told the Koreans on his visit to Seoul that some progress on the project had been made. He had said, \"I recognize that sometimes our processes can be slow but there are effective mechanisms for resolution of problems and differences and a strong rule of law. The government is keen to move forward with the POSCO project and there is some progress in this regard.\"The order by the two judge green tribunal bench of C V Ramulu and Devendra Kumar Agarwal could be a huge setback for Posco and the Orissa government that has been pushing the case at all stages.Reacting to the order, a senior Posco executive said, \"We are a law abiding company. The court has asked the ministry to constitute a fresh panel. We will wait for the outcome and accept the ministry's decisions.\"With the BJD government batting for the project, Congress in-charge for Odisha Jagdish Tytler said the party is against forcible acquisition of tribal land for industries, and the party was happy at the decision.The suspension of the 2011 order has shrouded the project in doubt. The 2011 order had read, \"The environmental clearance for the steel-cum-captive power plant is being accorded with 28 additional conditions over and above that stipulated in the original environmental clearance of July 2007.\"But NGT said, \"A project of this magnitude particularly in partnership with a foreign country has been dealt with casually, without there being any comprehensive scientific data regarding the possible environmental impacts. No meticulous scientific study was made on each and every aspect of the matter leaving lingering and threatening environmental and ecological doubts un-answered.\"Ramesh has set up a four-member committee under the ex-environment secretary Meena Gupta to review the case. Gupta had given a minority report in favour of the project even while pointing out several lacunae, but the other three had demanded the project's cancellation. Ramesh went ahead and cleared the project after this in January, 2011, with some conditions.The NGT noted that the environment ministry used only selective parts from the review panel report in favour of Posco disregarding key environment issues and took the view that Gupta had been biased in her approach. It has asked the environment ministry to set up another committee of specialists to look into all environment and forests issues of the case that were not addressed earlier under a comprehensive and tough set of terms.All the elements of the project - the port, roads, housing, steel plant, mining and other ancillary works - would be assessed as a whole for their impact and not separately as done so far. The clearance will also be only for 4 million tones per annum and not the 12 million tones per annum steel production capacity that Posco claimed it claimed would finally be put up. If Posco wishes to do that it would have to go for the clearance process from scratch.Once the environment ministry finalizes the new terms for the project it would have to set time-based targets for its conditions on Posco and a special group of experts to monitor it round the clock.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "12476331", "title": "Ponda cooking gas supply to be regularized", "text": "PONDA: Following complaints from consumers in Ponda about scarcity of cooking or liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) for about a month, officials of the Goa state marketing federation on Thursday said that the supply of gas cylinders would soon be regularized.Stating that the Verna plant, which was shut, has now resumed cylinder refilling from Thursday and that supply would be regularized within a couple of days, chairman of the marketing federation Narayan Naik said, \"Now that work has been resumed, Ponda will get uninterrupted supply daily.\"The marketing federation caters to the LPG cylinder needs of the entire Ponda taluka. \"Ponda has over 22,000 gas consumers and the taluka requires at least two truckloads of cylinders per day to cater to its minimum needs. So far, the supply has been only one truckload per day,\" Naik said.The federation supplies LPG from Bharat petroleum (BP). But, since BP's LPG refilling plant was shut, BP had tied up with the Hindustan petroleum (HP) plant at Kundaim in Ponda to refill BP's cylinders.However, since HP had \"less time to refill BP's cylinders,\" supply declined to the federation's Ponda supply chain. This resulted in a scarcity of gas cylinders in Ponda,\" Naik explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12476267", "title": "Man killed as LPG cylinder explodes", "text": "MADURAI: A minor fire in a tea shop sparked a ghastly explosion of the LPG cylinder, killing one person and leaving another with severe burn injuries in Madurai on Friday.Police identified the deceased as Ilangovan (48), of Maruthangudi near Kallikudi running a tea shop in the same village. Police said that Ilangovan had visited the tea shop close to his house around 4.30am and had lit the stove for boiling milk. The fire spread to the thatched shed in front of the shop. Ilangovan and his son Ambarasan (21) sprang into action and attempted to douse the fire by splashing water on the thatches.However, they could not control the fire for over 30 minutes and by that time, the fire spread to the LPG cylinder in the tea shop. The cylinder exploded and in the impact tossing away Ilangovan and Anbarasan from the shop several feet away.Ilangovan, who sustained severe burns succumbed to the injuries on the spot. Villagers in the locality rushed to the spot hearing the huge noise and took Anbarasan to the government hospital at Thirumangalam. He was later shifted to the Government Rajaji Hospital in Madurai where his condition is stated to be critical.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12475950", "title": "All-party meet will discuss suggestions on civic budget", "text": "MUMBAI: Days after the standing committee chairman floated the idea of inviting suggestions for and objections to the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation's budget, Mumbaikars have responded by making several demands ranging from clean water to more open spaces. The decision to hike the water charges has also upset few citizens who say that the hike would increase the burden on residential buildings. Citizens have spoken about good roads, administrative reforms and encroachment-free footpaths.Keeping in mind the party agenda, standing committee chairman Rahul Shewale has decided to place all the suggestions in the all-party meeting which will be held early next week. After being voted to power for the fourth time, Shiv Sena CEO Uddhav Thackeray had assured that citizen participation would be increased in the civic functioning. Hence, this was the first such attempt to incorporate ideas by the public in the civic budget. The standing committee will discuss the issues raised by citizens specially to amend the budget. Citizens can e-mail or fax Shewale their views and expectations from the civic budget until April 4. Subsequently, committee members will discuss the issues and then clear the budget. The standing committee chairman is expected to be make the budget speech on April 10.\"We will take up all the issues in the all-party meeting. It is important that we consider the demands made by the public. Some have made very specific demands which will be looked after by the ward office. Every suggestion will be taken seriously. Amendments to the budget will be taken after we go through the suggestions and other procedures are completed,\" said Rahul Shewale, chairman, standing committee.Without fail all the suggestions welcomed the standing committee's idea to involve citizens in the civic budget.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12474779", "title": "Domestic flight fares skyrocket", "text": "HYDERABAD: With Kingfisher airlines flying off Hyderabad, the fares of other airlines in the city have shot through the roof. There has been a steep Rs 1,000-Rs 1,500 jump in the price of tickets of most domestic sectors over the last few days. Apart from sectors with poor traffic such as Hyderabad-Jaipur or Hyderabad-Ahmedabad, even heavy-traffic destinations such as Delhi, Bangalore, Chennai and Mumbai have seen a sharp price rise.A one-way fare to Delhi that until recently hovered around Rs 5,500 (booked a week in advance) has now touched Rs 7,000 while Mumbai rates have jumped to Rs 4,200-Rs 4,500 as against its usual Rs 3,500 (approx). Same with Bangalore that has also seen a neat Rs 1,000 rise in price of air tickets. In the case of Ahmedabad, Jaipur or even Kolkata, the rates have crossed the Rs 7,000 mark with many airline operators charging customers as much as Rs 8,000 or more for a single trip.To destinations within the state too, air travel has become slightly expensive. Though Kingfisher had limited operations to cities within Andhra Pradesh, a scan of ticketing sites suggest approximately a marginal increase of Rs 500 in fares to destinations such as Visakhapatnam or Rajahmundry.Earlier available for Rs 3,200-Rs 3,500, the price of tickets to these places has now been pushed up to Rs 4,000 (approx).Tour operators predict further price rise over the next few weeks and also expressed surprise at the Rs 1,000 hike in fares.However, some operators however said that the high prices weren't Kingfisher impact but an annual ritual during summer vacations.Kingfisher had started out with a bang with as many as 30 departure and 30 arrival flights from Hyderabad, but dropped it to about 14 each (arrivals and departures) a month ago.It was further curtailed to just 7 before it finally flew out of the Shamshabad airport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12477239", "title": "HC extends stay on hooch compensation", "text": "KOLKATA: Calcutta high court on Friday extended the stay on payment of compensation to the next of kin of the dead in the December 14, 2011 Mograhat hooch tragedy by six weeks from April 6, the date the stay currently in vogue expires. The state government was to file an affidavit in court on April 6. But the court will be closed that day, being Good Friday .The bench of Chief Justice J N Patel and Justice S Chakraborty extended the stay order by another six weeks from April 6.In response to a public interest litigation (PIL), the court had on February 6 issued an adinterim order staying the state government's decision to pay Rs 2 lakh as compensation to the next of kin of each hooch victim.Chief minister Mamata Banerjee had announced the state's decision to compensate kin of the 172 persons who died after consuming hooch in Mograhat, South 24-Parganas. The PIL by advocate Chittaranjan Panda contended that monetary help to the victims' kin would serve no purpose and argued that the government should render them other facilities instead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12480593", "title": "Delhi Metro chaos: DMRC to undertake detailed study on signalling failure", "text": "NEW DELHI: Identifying the cause of yesterday's signalling failure that led to massive delays on the system, Delhi Metro today decided to undertake a detailed study of the episode and review its operational strategy to minimise the effects of such incidents in future.Train services on the busy Noida line were affected for over six hours yesterday due to a failure in the signalling system near Pragati Maidan station that forced running of trains on manual mode for a maximum of 2 km distance during the peak hours.\"We are doing a thorough study. We are reviewing our operation methods and we are examining two-three scenarios in case of such an incident in the future. One is that reducing the speed of trains on the other side so that passengers are not put to inconvenience,\" Raj Kumar , Director (Operations), Delhi Metro, said.He said the study would be completed within five days and remedial measures will be put in place in the next fortnight after a thorough checking of yesterday's recordings between train operators and the control room.Kumar said the operations strategy is being reviewed to minimise the effects of such technical problems.\"The track circuit was showing the presence of the trains on the network, but it was not communicating to the trains their distance or gap from the next one. This was the problem yesterday. It was located to failure of an equipment in stellar card,\" Kumar said.The trains were forced to run on manual mode from Pragati Maidan to Mandi House restricting their speed to a maximum of 25 km per hour.Explaining in detail about yesterday's failure, he said the huge delays were due to manual running of trains as well as the time taken by every train in seeking the nod from the control room to revert to manual mode from automatic mode.\"Such measures are to ensure safety of the passengers. Delays would be there, but safety is the main thing. We can have some delays rather than an incident,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12476160", "title": "CAG slams Yeddyurappa for flawed land acquisition", "text": "BANGALORE: India's chief auditor has sharply criticized Karnataka BJP strongman B S Yeddyurappa administration's acquisition and allotment of land for industry as flawed. The CAG report, tabled in the assembly on Friday, came a day after a Supreme Court-appointed panel recommended a probe into alleged kickbacks received by a family firm of the former chief minister in return for grant of a mining lease. It could hurt BSY's comeback bid to the CM's office.In a performance audit of the Karnataka Industrial Areas Development Board (KIADB) for 2010-11, the Comptroller and Auditor General of India said KIADB's land acquisition and allotment processes for setting up industrial areas lacked accountability and was inconsistent with industrial policies for 2006-2011 and 2009-2014. \"The selection of areas for setting up industrial areas was ad hoc and showed lack of due diligence, which led to regional imbalances in setting up industrial areas.'' it said.CAG said that from November 2005 to April 2011 (during which the state was under the Congress-JD(S), JD(S)-BJP, central and BJP rule) the government had denotified about 563 acres. These denotifications were done despite KIADB's objections, it added.The CAG report said the government irregularly allotted land to two companies in the area earmarked for Export Promotion Industrial Park (EPIP) in Whitefield, Bangalore. The state-level Single Window Clearance Committee in June and July 2009 (headed by large and medium industries minister Murugesh R Nirani) approved the project proposals of the two companies for the construction of shopping malls, multipexes and multi-level car parking in the IT park.In March 2010, the two companies were given 3 acres and 2.85 acres each at the rate of Rs 2.2 crore per acre in the IT park in violation of the Karnataka Town and Country Planning Act, 1961.The report said though the EPIP industrial area was a centrally-sponsored project under which only export-oriented industrial units were entitled for land allotment, one company was allotted land for a shopping mall and a multiplex.Recommendations* Government should ensure KIADB acquires land for setting up industrial areas after prior consultation with jurisdictional planning authorities* Land taken possession of by KIADB is not denotified by subjugating public interest to private interest* Irregularities highlighted in report are only illustrative and reveal glaring examples of dereliction of duty and severe lack of accountability which needs to be investigated* Transparency in allotment of civic amenity sites in industrial areas developed by it", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12475967", "title": "School dropout rate remain high in Assam: CAG report", "text": "GUWAHATI: For long, militant outfits recruited cadres from among the large number of school dropouts in the state. Militancy may have been contained to a large extent now, but the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) audit has shown that the number of school dropouts remains high despite the national policy to guarantee universal elementary education to children between six and fourteen years.The CAG report revealed that 78 schools in the state have teachers on roll but no students. In 18 of these schools with no students, there are 33 teachers while the education department has no information about the remaining 60 schools. \"The authorities have not ascertained the reasons for not having any students in these schools,\" the report said.The CAG stated that the target for achieving the goal of universal elementary education was 2005, but \"even at the end of March 2011, 1.25 lakh out of 58.86 lakh children remained uneducated in Assam\". \"The target of universal retention by 2010 was also not achieved due to the dropout rate of 8.3% in lower primary schools and 15.2% in upper primary schools as of March, 2011,\" the CAG stated.\"Despite incurring an expenditure of Rs 12,631.47 crore (department of elementary education Rs 9,851.50 crore and Sarba Siksha Abhiyan Mission, Assam Rs 2,779.97 crore) during 2006-2011 on elementary education, there was a declining trend in enrollment and high dropout rate of students in the state,\" the CAG report that was tabled in the house on Friday stated.The CAG report pointed out that the poor performance of the education department was due to inadequate infrastructural facilities in schools, shortage of new schools as per norms, inadequacy in training of teachers, poor management of mid-day meal scheme, absence of effective mechanism of tracking and enrollment of out-of-school children, uneven deployment of teachers, high pupil teacher ratio and irregular supply of free text books.The CAG observed that the education department was yet to convert 33.26% (13,616) school building into pucca structures while 8.69% (3,557) schools were not provided with drinking water facility and 40.18% (16,449) schools had no girl's toilet. \"About 90.60% (37,086) schools were not supplied with electricity and 18.26% (7474) lower primary schools have one teacher to teach five classes in a single room,\" the report said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12476613", "title": "Homoeopathy students move state rights panel", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Students of the government-run Abhin Chandra Homoeopathic Medical College and Hospital here on Friday filed a petition with the state human rights commission alleging use of expired medicines in the hospital. The authorities were doing nothing about it, they alleged.In their petition signed by 19 students, the students said the matter came to light on March 24 when one of the students, B G R Nayak, met with a road accident. \"Just when a medicine was being administered to him, I noticed that its expiry date was long gone. Moreover, it was an allopathic formulation though ours is a homoeopathic hospital,\" said Nayak. Nayak also pointed out \"callousness\" of the doctors in diagnosing him as the hospital mentioned in medical reports that he had an injury on his thumb, whereas he had actually injured his left toe.The students contended that if there were such glaring mistakes in the treatment of one of the students, the case must have been worse with general public.In the petition, the homoeopaths mentioned that the college principal had sought three days' time from March 26 to inquire into the matter. The deadline expired on Thursday.They further said though it was a model college, academic standards were very low owing to inadequate teaching staff. When they staged peaceful protests seeking appointment of faculty members, they were issued warning letters with false charges, the students alleged.Nayak, who is also the students' union general secretary, said the hospital lacks even basic things such as cotton wool and first aid material.Principal P K Behera, when contacted, said a three-member committee is inquiring into the alleged use of expired allopathic medicine in the hospital. The committee would submit their findings to the Director, Indian System of Medicine, soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12474669", "title": "Nagpur university\u2019s inaction on report invites Senate\u2019s wrath", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur university administration was once again cornered by angry members over various issues during senate meeting on Friday. This meet was the continuation of March 17 meeting which was adjourned.The budget, however, would be discussed on Saturday as the question-answer session consumed most of the time of meeting that continued till late evening.The administration was found wanting while replying to a majority of queries of the members. NU bosses seemed to be ill-prepared despite the fact that questions were submitted at least 21 days in advance and many of the controversial queries were dropped to avoid embarrassment in the house.The members, cutting across party lines, unanimously demanded explanation from the administration led by vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal and registrar Mahesh Yenkie over their alleged inaction over various enquiry reports, while pointing out justices C L Pangarkar and GG Loney's reports. While Pangarkar panel was constituted to probe serious allegations of irregularities during NU senate and board of Studies (BoS) polls along with those of forging documents by some candidates, Loney panel was formed to enquire about roster scam, first exposed by TOI. Though Pangarkar's report was not opened, Loney had confirmed the scam asking NU authorities to immediately lodge a police complaint to nab the culprits.Senior member Pramod Yeole read out TOI report of March 15 that informed about Pangarkar panel submitting its report to NU bosses, but no action was taken subsequently. TOI had exposed as to how the various political parties tried to blackmail NU bosses during polls and also issued threats to them.He asked VC to explain Pangarkar panel's findings and action taken, however latter declined stating that they will first study the report. Members citing TOI report which quoted the registrar for admitting NU bosses receiving threats during polls, asked him to explain the house about happenings. But Yenkie surprisingly took a u-turn and declined that he had ever said that. The members then criticised the administration asking them as to why they don't issue clarification if media reports were incorrect, but latter failed to provide satisfactory answer to fuming members.Mohan Bajpayee, while indirectly referring to justice Loney's recommendations, asked the administration as to why they were sitting on enquiry reports for over a year. He called for stringent action against the guilty officials as per recommendations.When administration informed that both reports would be placed before the management council, the members came down heavily on them stating that those occupying chairs should take action. The VC then made a statement that action on both the reports would be taken before next senate in November.Earlier, the members flayed bosses for not appointing a full time PRO after which they immediately announced that deputy registrar Prashant Mohite was asked to take up the charge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "moscow", "code": "12476392", "title": "Russia's largest Hindu temple faces demolition", "text": "MOSCOW: Russia's Vedic Cultural Centre housing the country's largest Hindu temple is facing demolition in St Petersburg, the hometown of president-elect Vladimir Putin , as a court has ordered its 'eviction' from the leased premises. \"Following an arbitration court decision on Thursday, the biggest Hindu temple of Russia will now be demolished,\" chairman of the Centre Suren Karapetyan said, appealing to presidents of India and Russia to provide \"urgent help\" .\"We are expecting some kind of intervention from the Indian government as we are preserving the Indian culture and traditions in Russia. We appeal to Russian president Dmitry Medvedev to help us in our cause and save the cultural centre,\" he said. \"We are not getting justice and we are being illegally thrown out, we had a lease agreement of 49 years.\" The lease deal was signed in 1992 with the state-run federal research institute, now converted into JSC 'GosNIIkhimanalit' Joint Stock Company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12475485", "title": "Tatra truck deal: BJP demands Antony\u2019s resignation for cover-up", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP on Friday demanded defence minister A K Antony's resignation, accusing him of seeking to cover up for three years the alleged scam in the purchase of \"sub-standard\" Tatra trucks for the Army.Launching a direct attack on the defence minister for inaction in probing the alleged bribery and other irregularities in the Tatra truck deal, BJP's Prakash Javadekar said in the Rajya Sabha that Antony was aware of the matter before estranged Army chief General V K Singh raised it with him in 2010.Citing a 2009 letter, Antony's Cabinet colleague, health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad , the BJP member said that the latter had referred to the irregularities in the purchase of \"sub-standard\" trucks that were highlighted by a Congress leader from Karnataka, D Hanumanthapa.\"If the probe in Tatra trucks is continuing from 2009 to 2011, if it is not completed in two years, then this government and this defence minister are trying to cover up corruption. If you are patronizing corruption, you have no right to remain in power. The defence minister should resign,\" Javadekar said.The defence ministry rebutted the charge of inaction. In a statement, it claimed that Antony a day after getting Azad's letter on October 5, 2009, had asked the secretary (defence production) to look into the various issues raised in the complaint.``Records show the vigilance wings of MoD and BEML are examining the matter and there is also correspondence between the CBI and chief vigilance officer of BEML on these allegations,'' it said.However, Javadekar said that Azad's letter undercuts Antony's defence that he could not have acted unilaterally on Army chief's charge about the attempt to bribe him for facilitating the purchase of Tatra trucks since the latter did not give a written complaint. The Army chief has alleged that Lt-General Tejinder Singh (retired) had offered him a Rs 14-crore bribe for facilitating the purchase of another lot of Tatra trucks.Raising the matter in the zero hour, Javadekar stressed that Antony even informed Azad that the probe was going on. He demanded that the contents of the findings should be made public.The direct attack on the defence minister, widely regarded for his integrity, came just after the political class appeared to have closed ranks in response to the leak of Army chief 's letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , detailing the huge gaps in country's defence preparedness. Antony had on Thursday welcomed the display of unity in Parliament. Although BJP sources maintained they would fully support government's effort to identify and punish whoever leaked the letter, Javadekar's charge is sure to distress the defence minister who had on Thursday argued that the vigil against corruption could not be junked for the sake of speeding up acquisition.\"Is this the efficiency and commitment to fight corruption?,\" Javadelar asked.Conversely, the 2009 allegation of corruption in the truck scam can be cited by the supporters of the Army chief that he did not rake it up out of pique against the government after it turned down his claim for the revision of the date of his birth.The BJP MP rejected Antony's contention that he did not act on the Army Chief's information on the bribe offer in absence of any written complaint and claimed that a written complaint did exist.Javadekar also demanded to know what action was taken into the matter and who were found guilty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "12476409", "title": "Mock drill triggers panic, rumours about Geelani\u2019s health in Srinagar", "text": "SRINAGAR: Heavy deployment of security forces as part of a mock drill created panic in Srinagar and rumours about separatist leader Syed Ali Shah Geelani's health on Friday.Geelani issued a statement from New Delhi asking people to ignore rumours and said he was ``hale and hearty''.A similar mock drill was conducted in Pulwama district.The J&K; police later clarified that the deployment was part of a routine mock drill.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12475646", "title": "Protests outside Hu Jintao's hotel", "text": "NEW DELHI: About half a dozen Tibetan activists tried to force their way into Oberoi Hotel on Friday. Chinese President Hu Jintao , who was staying at the hotel in southeast Delhi, was about to leave for the airport at 9.20am when the incident took place. The activists, who were travelling in DTC buses, got off the moment the buses slowed near a red light. They were carrying flags and placards and managed to break the security cordon. However, they were bundled off before they could enter the hotel.Police officers chased the activists, who were shouting anti-China slogans, as they ran towards the hotel. A young activist showed off 'Inquilab Zindabad' written on his back, and screamed \"Free Tibet\" even as six policemen tried to pin him to the ground. Meanwhile, Yashwant Sinha, MP Lok Sabha and convenor of the All Party Parliamentary Forum For Tibet, along with Tibet MP in exile Youdon Aukatsang, discussed with reporters the recent incidents involving Tibetans in the city.\"I am saddened by the turn of events and worried as well. Those remotely resembling Tibetans were hauled up and many were beaten up as well. These excesses are avoidable as the summit was planned much earlier and the police could have acted better. There is no justification for racial profiling and police should not have made indiscriminate use of force,\" said Yashwant Sinha.He said though he supported the cause of Tibetans, the act of self-immolation was avoidable. \"It is my appeal to the Tibetans to please live to achieve their goal. This sad chapter of the Tibetan saga should end and I hope good sense will prevail. The deceased had actually consumed kerosene before setting himself to fire,\" said Sinha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12478719", "title": "I am a very boring person: Sajid Khan", "text": "Kunal M Shah catches the livewire comic and filmmaker Sajid Khan inThe film is an attempt by Sajid Nadiadwala, Akshay Kumar and me to make a franchise like Dhoom or Golmaal. The stories are not connected. There are 12 characters - four fathers, four daughters and their prospective grooms, all with the same name. I had named it The Dirty Dozen when Nadiadwala said it should be Housefull 2 - The Dirty Dozen.You are known to give letters to your actors on the first day of the shoot saying it will be their biggest grosser. Did you do the same here?Yes , I am a positive person when it comes to my work and I take my work very seriously. This letter may sound little pompous. But it says that I want them to have the best time of their life while working with me. It has been true for all the stars who have worked with me except Boman Irani, who has 3 Idiots.Do you intend to break the record of 3 Idiots?I will be lucky, but I don't think so. 3 Idiots has sent a benchmark and coming anywhere close to its vicinity will be a big tough. But to be very frank I am not into numbers right now as I know one thing for a fact that my film will be a super duper hit because it is a pure Sajid Khan style of entertainment which will not go wrong.What is this style?I have my own style of filmmaking, which is script-driven. In this film, there are so many characters and the film is made on such a large scale that I saw many Manmohan Desai and Rajkumar Kohli films. Like them, I remained true to the story. And I can proudly say the film will be the funniest thing you will ever see.Besides films, you are also in the news for other reasons...I am surprised. In fact, I shouldn't be in the news at all as I don't drink or fight or drive fast and neither do I party. I am a very boring person, a recluse almost. I have only five friends who've been with me for the past 20 years.What about your relationship with Jacqueline?I will talk about my personal relationship only to my friends and near ones. Only they have the right to ask me what is happening in my personal life. Speaking about it in the media is out of question. If someone has to write gossip, it is fine by me.You recently played peacemaker between SRK and Farah-Shirish...I remember when Tees Maar Khan released every newspaper carried the story about the SRK-Farah fight and break-up. At the time, people would ask me about it and I said they will never be separated and they laughed. Every family goes through ups and down, and you fight only when there is immense love. Farah loves SRK as much as she loves me, if not more, and SRK loves Farah as much as his sister. When this incident happened, it was widely reported I decided enough is enough. It wasn't a natural disaster after all. I called Gauri and asked her if I could bring Farah to Mannat. She said that it would always be Farah's home that I didn't need to ask. They met as if nothing ever happened.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12476092", "title": "Government opposes IAS man's voluntary retirement scheme, cites pending investigation", "text": "CHENNAI: The state government has opposed the voluntary retirement of a 1983-batch IAS officer K Ashok Vardhan Shetty, stating that it had ordered a vigilance inquiry for certain irregularities committed by him during his tenure as rural development department secretary.A division bench comprising Justice Elipe Dharma Rao and Justice M Venugopal has admitted the petition and posted it after two weeks for further hearing.After the state government rejected Shetty's VRS application on December 7, 2011, he moved the Central Administrative Tribunal (CAT) for remedy. On February 27, CAT quashed the government's rejection order and said that his VRS application should be accepted with effect from December 9, 2011, and all his retirement benefits should be disbursed to him. The present appeal has been filed by the public secretary Kumar Jayant.The present petition contended that since the VRS had been opted for before the completion of 30 years of qualifying service, the government's acceptance was required. Rejecting Shetty's claims that the government had ordered preliminary inquiry against him based on an anonymous petition, the petition said due procedure had been followed while ordering the vigilance inquiry.Kumar Jayant wanted the court to quash the Tribunal order dated February 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12481820", "title": "A musical treat in Kiwi land: Vikram Hazra in fusion with Gavin Libotte", "text": "Having been to so many concerts over the years, I never felt as ecstatic as on March 24. The musical evening titled 'Aroha- Music for the soul' at St. Cuthbert's college in Auckland on March 24 showcased two talented artists, Vikram Hazra from India and Gavin Libotte from Australia. The event was organized by the \"Art of Living New Zealand\" in order to promote its 2012 initiative of \"Happy Family, Vibrant Nation\". The divine sound of Vikram, fused with Gavin's awesome guitaring, captivated the audience for around two hours. The soulful renditions by Vikram along with his amazing flute and guitar surely had a magical effect on the audience. It transported me into a different zone.So much lost was I in the musical treat that the effects are lingering on even the next morning. Blessed with a divine voice and a blissful smile, Vikram set the stage on fire, whether it was his solo tracks or fusions with Gavin or duets with Fai. It was amazing to know that Vikram, originally from the majestic land of India, is the \"program director\" of International Art of Living Foundation and has been spreading the message of love and peace through his music over the past two decades. On the other hand, Gavin, an Englishman from Kent, who has lived in Australia for over 30 years, is a jazz musician, who plays guitar and has a band named \"Urban Gypsies\". Gavin has three albums, \"Gypsy Fever\", \"Sauvage\" and \"Catastrophe\" to his credit.Whether it was \"Achutam Keshavam (Immortal Lord Krishna), \"Radhe Radhe Shyam\", \"Jai Devi Jagdambe\",\"Giridhar Gopala\", \"Om Namoh Shivai\" or the Punjabi shabad, Vikram and Gavin struck a chord with the crowd throughout the show. I especially loved the lyrics of \"Achutam Keshavam\"- Kaun kehte hain bhagwan aate nahin, aaap Meera ke jaise bulate nahin\". Vikram even got the audience involved as he got them to sing along, especially his South African song \"Kosa\". The whole arena seemed energized, creating a huge vibrant and positive space. It was amazing to see Vikram's command over various languages, as he moved from Sanskrit shlokas to Hindi to English and then to South African and Maori. Gavin also captivated the audience with his soothing guitaring. The crowds especially loved their jugalbandi on many occasions.Vikramji and Gavin surely cast their magical web around the Indian and Fijian community in Auckland. One could see some people in the crowd singing along, clapping, dancing with joy or just lost in that beautiful moment. It was heartening to see a lot of Kiwis and people from other cultures also getting intoxicated in this spiritual and soulful music. The show lived up to its title. Aroha means love in Maori. The musical evening definitely succeeded in spreading love. And as Vikram mentioned, during the show, don't worry, we'll take care of you today. The audience undoubtedly were looked after and entertained by two musicians of high quality. The fusion of ancient Indian sounds with western classical and jazz surely opened the stairway to divine. The fragrance of Vikram and Gavin's music will linger on in our hearts for a long time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12477228", "title": "3 arrested for abusing, slapping fellow diner", "text": "MUMBAI: Three residents of Andheri were arrested on Thursday for allegedly creating a ruckus and then, abusing and slapping a fellow diner at a KFC outlet in a mall in Mulund (W).The incident occurred on March 21, when the complaint, Dain Davis (38) from Mulund, went to the fast-food joint with his two children. The accused -Debashish Mukherjee (36), manager of a restaurant in a Bhandup mall, and assistant managers Edison Kutino (36) and Jaswinder Marwa (36)-were produced in court on Friday and released on a bail of Rs 10,000 each.Davis told TOI, \"I was having lunch with my kids. On the next table were three persons who were making a lot of noise and talking loudly on mobile. I requested the manager as well as the waiter to ask them to quiet down. When the waiter told them so, one of the three wanted to know who had a problem with them talking loudly. As the waiter pointed at me, the person walked up to my table, banged his hand on it and started abusing me.\" Even as the accused started to walk back to his table, Davis demanded an explanation for such behaviour; the accused turned around and slapped Davis, said the police. The incident scared the children so much that they started crying. Davis took them back home but returned to the outlet, asking the officials for the CCTV footage. But they refused to cooperate. \"I lodged a police complaint. The DCP and the other officials were very cooperative,\" Davis said. \"My aim is not to penalize the miscreants but drive some sense in them so that they respect others and behave properly.\"Following the complaint, the Mulund police asked the outlet officials to give them the CCTV footage. \"When they refused to cooperate with us, we arrested the security guard of the outlet, Saroj Yadav (38), and told them that if they still did not help us, we would arrest the manager, Ajit Bhoi. Scared, they handed over the CCTV footage,\" said deputy commissioner of police (Zone VII) Sanjay Shintre.Shintre formed a team of assistant commissioner of police (Mulund) Mahadev Gundewadi , inspector Y L Yadav and assistant inspector Padrinath Patil. While going through the CCTV grabs,the teams noticed that one of the accused had paid by a credit card. \"We tracked down his whereabouts from the card details ,\" said an officer, adding that it belonged to Kutino.\"The three, who confessed to their wrongdoing , were arrested under a non-bailable offence to send out a strong message to people, who should know that they are not above law and cannot behave in such a way,\" Shintre said. The court granted them bail later.When contacted, the eating joint manager, Ajit Bhoi, said he was not authorized to comment . But in his statement, Bhoi had said, \"The incident occurred on the first floor and one of the waiters, Mahesh Kamble, informed me about it.\"The case reminded, investigators said, of a similar incident on February 21, when actor Saif Ali Khan, along with his friends, had a brawl at a restaurant in a five-star hotel in south Mumbai. When Iqbal Sharma, a South African businessman of Indian origin, requested Saif and his group to quiet down, the actor hit him as well as his father-in-law , the police said. But Saif and his friends got away easily as they were released on bail immediately after being booked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12475424", "title": "Get sterilized to get gas connection", "text": "JAIPUR: Pali district administration is distributing free liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) connections, but with a rider. If one wants free LPG connection, he has to undergo sterilization, a tool to control population growth.The scheme that was launched on Thursday seems to be working in favour of district administration. In the last two days, more than 1,000 people - men and women , got sterilized in the district. Pali is the same district which has already distributed two Nano cars to the winners of a lucky draw. Only those were eligible for lucky draw who had undergone sterilization in a given time period.The LPG gas connection scheme is valid for only three days, which started on March 29 and will be concluded on March 31. The scheme was launched by the district to meet the \"target\" of sterilization given to them by the medical, health and family welfare department.The district had won the first prize last financial year for the highest number of sterilization cases in the district. But, this year it is lagging behind as it has achieved only a little more than half the target and only one day is left for the end of financial year 2011-12.Pali district collector Neeraj K Pawan said, \"It is not easy to get an LPG gas connection. But, we tied up with the gas agency to distribute LPG connections to those who will get sterilized in last three days of the financial year. On Friday only, around 500 people get sterilized.\"The district administration is spending approximately Rs 5,000 on each person who will get sterilized on March 29, 30 and 31. A woman gets Rs 500 from Pali Nagar Parishad, one kg ghee, Rs 600 from state government, one sari, one blanket and a gas connection. While the man gets Rs 1,100 from state government, one mobile phone from district administration, one kg ghee, Rs 500 from Nagar Parishad, all of which is worth Rs 5,000. Besides, there is also a Nano car to be won. Those who got sterilized in the last four months will be eligible for Nano car lucky draw.Pawan said, \"We are doing it with collaboration of industries in Pali. Last year we came first and won Rs 30 lakh, hence we are spending that amount. In just two days, we have distributed items worth Rs 50 lakh to the people who got sterilized in last two days.\"Pali CMHO Yudhveer Singh Rathore said, \"The scheme is proving beneficial for us. We organized camps in the entire districts to encourage sterilization.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12476373", "title": "NCP appoints new city chief", "text": "NASHIK: The Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) issued a letter Friday confirming the appointment of Sharad Koshire as the new city chief for the party.Koshire, who was an independent, had joined the NCP just before the civic polls on February 16. Gajanan Shelar, the party's former city chief, had resigned on grounds that the party could not garner the expected votes for victory in the civic polls despite forming a pre-poll alliance.\"I got the letter today. New office bearers will be appointed following decisions to be taken by party top brass We will work for the party's benefit and immediately start preparing for Lok Sabha and Vidhan Sabha elections,\" Koshire said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12474682", "title": "Cotton traders to protest new tax", "text": "NAGPUR: Five million cotton farmers of the state who are facing crop losses are now being subjected to needless restrictions on exports by the Union commerce ministry and recent announcement of the state government to impose 5% tax on all raw cotton purchases. Cotton traders, processing plant owners and exporters will come together and resort to agitation, Vidarbha Jan Andolan Samiti president Kishore Tiwari said on Friday.Tiwari said the traders, cultivators and processors will jointly sit on a protest fast for the day on Saturday at Agrasen Bhavan in Pandharkawda on Saturday. They are demanding freeing cotton exports and providing special incentives for exports and uniform taxation on cotton purchases in India.Cotton prices in the state fell by around 200 at 3,400 a quintal following the state government's budget announcement of imposing a value-added tax (VAT) of 5% on cotton. The additional tax burden has hit the market sentiment which was already low with the virtual stalling of exports since March 5.While on the one hand the state government has decided to extend a relief of 2,000 crore to around 5 million cotton farmers after crop failure in more than nearly 40 lakh hectares, it took a harsh measure to put 5% VAT on cotton, said Tiwari.Prices which were ruling around 4,200 in the first week of March have steadily declined to 3,400 in the current week. \"This will only add to economic losses of the already distressed cotton growers,\" said Tiwari. He has urged the state to roll back VAT and bring it on par with 2% levied in other states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "12476483", "title": "CAG raps Narendra Modi govt for Rs 17,000 cr losses", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: The Comptroller and Auditor General reports for 2009-10 and 2010-11, placed before the Gujarat assembly on the last day of the budget session on Friday, tore into the Narendra Modi government on the issue of corruption by pointing out irregularities causing a cumulative loss of nearly Rs 17,000 crore.The villain of the piece turned out to be state-owned public sector undertaking (PSU), Gujarat State Petroleum Corporation (GSPC), which showed irregularities leading to losses of up to Rs 12,400 crore.The reports slam the handling of finances by the Gujarat government, saying there were regular unspent \"excesses\" left in all departments over the last four years, and that there were \"last minute fund releases and issuance of re-appropriation/surrender orders at the fag end, particularly on the last day of the year\".State-owned power distribution companies (DISCOMs) also bled the exchequer, according to the CAG reports. CAG also came down heavily on the government for its failure to keep its water bodies, rivers, lakes and ponds, free of pollution. Saying the Sabarmati Riverfront project's planning and scope was \"inadequate\", CAG underlined that the project \"defeated\" the objective of keeping the river clean. Central Effluent Treatment Plants were not complying with norms on quality of discharge either, it said.On pollution, due to urbanization and industrialization, CAG said out of 170 urban local bodies, 46 were discharging sewage into rivers. Of these 46, only six had sewage treatment plants to release treated sewage into the rivers. Further, nine local bodies discharged untreated sewage into the lakes, 26 into natural drains, and nine into the sea.CAG found holes in the pipelined water supply in rural areas. It said 32% of drinking water sources were contaminated during a pre-monsoon survey, and the affected villagers were not even alerted about this. As a result, there was no reduction in the incidence of water-borne diseases across the state.With all but four Congress MLAs suspended from the House, there could be no debate on the damning CAG reports. As soon as the house began functioning on Friday, MLAs Rajendrasinh Parmar, Paranjayadityasinhji Parmar, Jodhaji Thakore and Amit Chavda sought discussion on CAG report, which the speaker Ganpar Vasava disallowed.The quartet rushed to the well carrying banners on CAG. They were suspended, quite predictably, and escorted out by the security staff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "12474371", "title": "Fear grips Tiroda over Rs 15 lakh robbery", "text": "GONDIA: Many shop owners are living under constant fear after a series of robberies rocked Tiroda tehsil a couple of days ago, shaking the business community. On March 28 and 29, around Rs 15 lakh worth of cash and ornaments were robbed.In the first incident, valuables were robbed from Hemant Kumar Harinkhede's house in Edkodi village. The robbers decamped with Rs 2 lakh cash and ornaments worth Rs 2.9 lakh from Narendra More's house in Pujari Tola village.Apart from that, four minor thefts near Harinkhede's house were also reported. Police sub-inspector (PSI) Barayya is investigating the case.Crime rate in the area has increased manifold ever since the work on Adani thermal plant was started. Some inter-state gangs are also operating in the region, sources said.Gondia police have nabbed a similar gang suspected to be involved in a spate of robberies. The arrested include Rajesh Rajput (33), Mahesh Rajput (28), Ranvir Rajput (30), Sunul Rajput (24), Radhe Rajput (28), Mahesh Rajput (28), Sunil Rajput and Raanbirasiangh Thakur (30), all residents of Shamshabad in Agra in Uttar Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12476363", "title": "18-yr-old youth electrocuted at CM building", "text": "BANGALORE: An 18-year-old mason was allegedly electrocuted in an under-construction building on a plot owned by chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda on 19th Cross, Sector III, HSR Layout here on Friday.The mishap sent the top jurisdictional police establishment into a huddle with no one ready to go on record on the accident and the follow-up action.Any accidents including fatalities in under-construction buildings warrant legal action for negligence against contractors and owners of the plots. The dead youth was identified as Jitendra Kumar, a native of Patna in Bihar. The incident happened around 7 pm when Jitendra was taking a bath on the terrace of the five-floor residential building. He had finished his work for the day.Probe revealed that accident was due to a short-circuit caused by an electric motor placed near a plastic tank containing water. \"There are 40 workers on the site and most of them have come from Bihar ,\" HSR Layout police said. The body has been shifted to Bowring Hospital. Police registered a negligence case against the unidentified supervisor, who according to them is absconding.Despite several attempts, the CM could not be reached as his mobile phone was switched off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12475624", "title": "Union Territory\u2019s no to land for bio-medical waste plant", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The administration on Friday made it clear that it cannot hand over the possession of 1 acre land to M/s Alliance Envirocare Pvt. Ltd for setting the much-awaited Common Bio Medical Waste Plant (CBMWP) for city in Daddumajra.In a reply filed before the high court on Friday, UT administration submitted that because of scarce land in Chandigarh, administration has decided to reconsider its decision to set up the CBMWP in public private partnership mode. The reply was filed in response to a petition filed by M/s Alliance Envirocare Pvt. Ltd, which was assigned to complete the project.In its petition, the company had alleged that Chandigarh administration has failed to hand over the land for constructing the plant, and hence, could not start the construction work. Company had sought directions to UT administration to hand over vacant possession of the land and complete all other formalities in this regard so that the applicant company is able to set up common bio medical treatment facility in term of the order of the HC. In its petition, the company had also submitted before the HC that it is still ready to execute the project within 9 to 10 months of UT giving possession of land and completing other facilities.The company had also submitted that the plant at the cost of Rs 6.5 crore was to be constructed within one year from April 19, 2011 and the act of UT not handing possession despite several communications and reminders amounts to contemptuous on the face of it.Acting on the company's petition, division bench headed by chief justice Ranjan Gogoi had asked the Chandigarh administration to file their reply. The plant was to come up at Dadumajra with the capacity to dispose of the entire bio medical waste of city hospitals, including PGI. The entire process of completion of Expression of Interest (EOI) was completed by the administration on April 19, 2012, while the PGI had extended technical support for the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12476796", "title": "My parents beat me with rolling pin: boy", "text": "MYSORE: For this nine-year-old-boy, who was rescued on Thursday from his allegedly abusive parents, the day started at the crack of dawn. While other kids his age were either studying or playing cricket, he was busy with household chores.The boy who is in the custody of the Child Welfare Committee, says that he was asked to do all the household chores like collecting water, cleaning the floor, washing utensils and taking their pet dog out. His evenings and nights were harrowing.He was also forced to buy liquor for his step-father at odd hours and was tortured and berated for little things. \"I was beaten up with a belt and a rolling pin. They burnt me with mosquito coils between 6 pm and 12-midnight. I was never given anything to drink either,\" the boy told TOI.The boy also told the CWC that his his step-father Yogesh threatened to kill his mother if he revealed about the harassment to neighbours, his teachers or anyone. The boy says that he does not want to go back to his parents, and is happy in the state home for boys. He, however, expressed his desire to continue with his studies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12476954", "title": "Judicial remand to lawyer for killing Sub Inspector", "text": "KANPUR: Metropolitan magistrate Mohammad Firoz, on Friday, granted judicial remand to lawyer Saurabh Verma, who had shot dead an S-I and injured a police constable on Thursday.The Naubasta police had arrested Verma and brought him at police lines near the court where metropolitan magistrate took him under judicial custody. The judicial official was earlier appointed by chief metropolitan magistrate Peeyush Pandey.The CMM said that he had information that some lawyers were planning to thrash Verma in the court premises. To avoid violence in court he asked the metropolitan magistrate to go to the police lines and grant judicial custody to the accused.The Naubasta police had registered two cases against Saurabh Verma. In one case, the police charged him under Section 307/302/332/353/506 IPC (attempt to murder, murder, causing obstruction in performing duty, and attacking on public servant while in another case it charged him under Section 25/30 Arms Act.Saurabh Verma was caught and brought to police station on the complaint of his father Ram Nath Verma, a resident of Kesar Vihar in Naubasta. Sub-inspector Devendra Kumar Singh took him from his house to Naubasta police outpost. During investigation, Saurabh whipped out his licensed revolver and fired two shots on SI. Two bullets pierced into the head of SI who fell on the ground. Thereafter, he fired and injured another cop Mohandas Baghel and fired another shot on constable Satyabhan. Who survived as Saurabh missed the target.The lawyers condemned the act and decided not to appear before the court on behalf of Verma. Meanwhile, a group of lawyers had decided to teach him a lesson for defaming the profession. They visited several times the court of CMM and inquired about him. Sensing trouble, the CMM asked metropolitan magistrate Mohammad Firoz to take the lawyer under judicial custody outside the court.At the time of custody remand, the cops apprised the judge that accused was a hardcore criminal and had a criminal history. He was involved in dacoity and loot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12476893", "title": "Porngate probe a damp squib", "text": "BANGALORE: The Porngate probe has ended in a whimper. While Laxman Savadi was censured, the other two former ministers- C C Patil and Krishna Palemar - accused of watching and sharing the porn clip with Savadi have been let off. The report said, \"There is no evidence to suggest that Patil viewed porn clippings on mobile and Krishna Palemar was responsible for providing it,'' the report said.The report noted there were some similarities in the visuals viewed on the mobile by Savadi and the clip in a pen drive with him. However, it said, when the mobile was on, the member was also reading a government order and their watching the sleazy clip was not intentional.To ensure such incidents don't recur, the report recommended banning the use of mobiles in the House.Soon after the report was placed in the assembly 30 minutes before the session ended, the opposition Congress and JD (S) ridiculed the government for tabling the report on the last day of the budget session apparently to preempt a debate. Siddaramaiah sought extension of the session by a day for the opposition to study the report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12476314", "title": "After high drama, company agrees to workers\u2019 demands", "text": "NASHIK: Almost all employees of Thyssenkrupp Electrical Steel rushed to Wockhardt Hospital on Friday soon after Kiran Wani and other employees who suffered from carbon dioxide poisoning in the fire at the company were admitted there. Considering the rush at the hospital, the city police also reached the spot to ensure that things were kept under control there.A large number of workers alleged that no senior official from the company had come to the hospital to enquire about the deceased and the injured employees. The workers contended that they would not accept the body of Kiran Wani until the management gave them the assurance that Wani's would be properly compensated. With things heating up at the hospital, the hospital management called the city police to take care of the situation. A discussion later took place in the presence of assistant police commissioner Ganesh Shinde and senior police inspector of Bhadrakali police station, Bajirao Bhosale.While the officials from the management said that Wani's family would be compensated as per the rules, the workers said that the legal compensation offered was the same even for natural death and questioned what the company was offering in case of such accidents. The workers demanded that apart from the legal compensation, the company should also pay more on its part and absorb Wani's wife into the company's fold on compassionate grounds, and on the same salary that her deceased husband was drawing.By evening, the stand-off between the workers and the management had been resolved after talks between them and senior officials from the company.Pratibha Chaudhary, who said she was related to deceased Kiran Wani, said, \"The incident was unfortunate. I feel that the oxygen mask Kiran Wani put on to save the life of a fellow worker must have failed, due to which he got suffocated.\" She added that the it was shocking that the top management of the company failed to take note of the gravity of the situation. The workers were admitted to hospital by 10am and till 2pm, none of the senior officials of the company reached the hospital to take stock of the health of their injured employees.When they finally arrived at 3pm, they said they couldn't meet any further demands other than the compensation and dues as per rules. Chaudhary said, \"Our demand was that since Wani was 38 years old, and he had put in 22 years of service, the company should at least give half the salary of half the period of his remaining service and absorb his wife into the firm on compassionate grounds. However, the officials refused all our demands at that time. They have decided to give the family Rs 11 lakh, and we have accepted it, considering that the workers cannot stretch things beyond their limits.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "begowal (bholath)", "code": "12482726", "title": "Bibi Jagir Kaur\u2019s village observes bandh", "text": "BEGOWAL (BHOLATH): Expressing solidarity with former minister Bibi Jagir Kaur, who has been sentenced to five years rigorous imprisonment in the case of forcing abortion, abduction and subsequent death of her elder daughter Harpreet Kaur Rosy 12 years back, a complete bandh was observed in her native village Begowal.Her supporters took out a procession in the village and raised slogans against complainant Kamaljit Singh - who had claimed to have married Bibi's daughter - near his house. The irate villagers also raised slogans against former Bholath MLA and Bibi's bete noir Sukhpal Singh Khaira accusing him of settling his political scores through this personal tragic case of Bibi. However, Khaira said that law took its own course and why should anybody object to that.While a bandh was observed in the village, some shops whose owners owed allegiance to Khaira were open but later they also shut down after the people protested.Meanwhile, hundreds of supporters thronged Bibi's Dera Sant Prem Singh Muralewale to express their solidarity with her and to meet her younger sister Rajneet Kaur and son-in-law Yuvraj Bhupinder Singh. People from the village and from rest of the parts of the Bholath constituency, which Bibi represents in the assembly, came to the Dera.Her daughter and son-in-law said that they would further pursue the legal battle to get justice.\"We are trying to realize the situation by supposing ourselves in Bibi's situation and try to contemplate that how one would react after coming to know that her unmarried daughter was five months pregnant,\" said a resident of the village.\"There is no social acceptance what Kamaljit and Rosy did,\" said a woman resident of the village who participated in the procession to express solidarity with Bibi.Heavy security was deployed around Kamaljit's residence in the village. The security was beefed up by the district police on Friday evening after Bibi was sentenced even as Kamaljit has a security of six PAP jawans with him. Senior police officers had also visited the village to take stock of the situation and especially of Kamaljit as tension in the village was palpable after the court verdict.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12476569", "title": "LPG transporters call off strike", "text": "PUNE: Puneites can now breathe a sigh of relief and expect improvement in the supply of cooking gas in the next few days as the bulk transporters of LPG, who were on strike since March 22, withdrew their agitation on Friday.Distributors of LPG on Friday said the refilling of cylinders at bottling plants is expected to resume from Saturday. But considering the high pendency, consumers would continue to face shortage at least for the next few days, they added.The city has been facing immense shortage of cooking gas for the last few days because of the strike. The three bottling plants situated in Shikrapur and Chakan have almost run dry, as cooking gas supply to these plants was stopped by bulk transporters. There was a shortfall of nearly 80% in the daily supply, according to LPG distributors.Usha Poonawalla, president of the All-India LPG Distributors' Federation, Maharashtra, said it would take a few more days to bring back the LPG supply to normalcy. Pune receives around 75,000 cylinders every day, but has been receiving only 25% of the requirement since Monday. There is pendency with every distributor.Poonawalla further said that distributors have been asked to initiate steps for faster delivery of cylinders. They are ready to work extra hours for the next few days to tackle the backlog. They have been asked to engage additional vehicles for delivery of cylinders.Pandurang Kulkarni, a distributor from Vishrantwadi, said, \"Long queues were seen outside offices of cooking gas agencies during the last two days because of severe shortage. Once the supply to the plants is streamlined, distributors will be able to refill the cylinders and supply them to consumers.\"District collector Vikas Deshmukh said that oil company officials were asked to take steps to see that all three refilling plants worked for additional hours to bring the situation to normalcy.He added that district administration officials had been asked to take strict action in case of black-marketing and illegal supply of cylinders.Though the strike was called off on Friday afternoon, citizens in many parts of the city continued to face problems in getting cylinders. People in Solapur Bazaar area complained that gas distribution was largely interrupted for the last five days.K Shailesh, a customer, said, \"I came to the gas agency office around 6.45 am. I found that some customers were there since 6 am hoping to get a cylinder. Like me, more than hundred people had arrived there and were standing in a queue. The officials told me that I can expect to get the cylinder delivered only on Monday, as there is pendency of three days.\"A distributor from East Street said that there was some panic among the customers for the last two days. However, the supply will be streamlined soon as the strike has been called off. We have been told by oil company officials that steps are being taken for round-the-clock supply from the main plant to the refilling plants for the next few days to clear the backlog, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12475684", "title": "Jawaharlal Nehru University fast ends after dog-curb promise", "text": "NEW DELHI: The two-day hunger strike by visually and physically challenged students at JNU against the massive dog population on the campus ended on Friday after the administration reiterated its commitment to deal with the issue.Vice-chancellor S K Sopori said the university had already taken several steps to curb the menace of dog bites and would ensure that the rules were implemented strictly. \"It is not possible to relocate such a huge number of dogs for purely practical reasons. We have already decided to relocate feeding points from near crowded areas and hostels to lesser populated spots. Feeding at dhabas and canteens has also been prohibited and dhaba owners will be fined if they are caught feeding dogs,\" said Sopori.One of the protesters said the meeting had been positive except for the position of the administration on removal of dogs from the campus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12475733", "title": "Poll fever in city, CM catches flu", "text": "NEW DELHI: At a time when the poll fever is catching up in the city, chief minister Sheila Dikshit is down with flu. The CM's office on Friday issued a statement saying she is having sore throat and has been advised complete rest during this weekend.It adds: \"She may not be able to meet visitors. Her well-wishers are, therefore, requested not to approach her residence for meeting her during the weekend.\"Dr Ashok Seth, treating the 73-year-old leader, said she visited the hospital last week with symptoms like fever, cough and slight headache , which had now persisted for over a week. \"It was caused due to viral flu. We gave her antibiotics and suggested complete rest,\" said Seth, the chairman of the cardiovascular sciences department at Fortis Escorts Heart Institute.Sources said that despite her health problem, the CM continued to work as critical decisions on distributions of tickets for the MCD elections were to be taken. \"She even addressed press conferences with the sore throat. She kept drinking water as she addressed the media,\" said a senior government official. Dikshit had to be admitted to a private hospital last December when she suffered from high fever and viral infection.\"There is high risk of secondary infection in patients recuperating from viral infection. In the case of Dikshit, the risk is even more as she is a heart patient. So we have advised complete bed rest for a few days,\" said Seth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12476251", "title": "Goenchea Xetkarancho Ekvott warns mining deparment not to mine in Cavrem", "text": "MARGAO: The Goenchea Xetkarancho Ekvott (GXE) has written to the director of mines warning him against any attempts to restart mining operations in the Cavrem village.\"The public accounts committee (PAC) report (pages 14-16) gives a list of 40 mines which are termed illegal on the basis of failure to renew mining leases within the stipulated time. Some of these mines are about to recommence operations. This applies especially in the case of two mines, T.C. No. 12/53 and T.C. No. 59/51 in Cavrem village, Quepem taluka, which are in total violation of various laws as stated in the PAC report,\" the letter says, a copy of which is also marked to the chief minister Manohar Parrikar.It may be noted that the villagers had forcibly stopped these two mines from carrying out mining operations this year due to \"gross illegalities.\"\"The residents of Cavrem are being heavily pressurized by the collector and police to allow these mines to start operating again, without considering whether these mines are legal or not. This attempt by the administration to forcibly re-start illegal mines is in stark contradiction with the public statements made by the current chief minister/minister of mines that he shall take strict action against illegal mines,\" the letter further points out.Stating that the villagers were under \"tremendous coercive pressures\" to allow restarting of the closed mines, the GXE has warned that any attempt by the authorities to restart mining operations despite opposition from locals may lead to a law and order situation.\"We request that you first request a clarification from the minister of mines that he does not consider these mines to be illegal any more, after which we expect to be given a fair hearing in view of our submissions attached herewith. We believe that the deputy collector of Quepem and the collector of South Goa are presently exceeding their powers by assuming these mines to be legal inspite of the indictment by the PAC, which was headed by the present minister of mines, and our earlier submissions,\" the letter signed by GXE president Paulo Fernandes said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12475920", "title": "14 saffron MLAs suspended over idol theft ruckus", "text": "MUMBAI: Thirteen Shiv Sena MLAs and one BJP legislator on Friday were suspended for one year from the Maharashtra state legislative assembly for \"unruly behavior\" and for \"lowering the prestige of the House\". The suspension of the 14 saffron MLAs came as a climax to the 90 minute-long furore over the recent theft of lord Ganesha's golden idol from a temple in Diveagar, in Raigad district.The Sena MLAs entered the house during zero hour with a silver idol of Ganesha and begun to sing a popular Marathi aarti to underscore the \"failure\" of the state government to arrest the culprit involved in the theft of the Diveagar Ganesha. As the Sena MLA ignored the speaker repeated pleas to stop the protest and to maintain the dignity of the House, Dilip Walse-Patil adjourned the assembly for 30 minutes in a bit to resolve the crisis. However, the angry Sena MLAs were joined by the lone BJP legislator Ram Shinde. These MLAs stepped up their protest when the House met again. As the members continued singing aarti and condemned the state government, the proceedings of the House was adjourned again for an hour. After two adjournments and suspension of the 14 MLAs, the proceedings of the assembly was adjourned for the entire day. Yet, the interval failed to cool down the tempers of the Sena MLAs. NCP MLA Shashikant Shinde said it was pointless to disrupt the budget session for an incident which remains to be verified. Amid pandemonium, minister for legislative affair Harshavardhan Patil moved a resolution seeking the permission of the assembly to suspend 13 Sena MLAs and one BJP legislator for lowering the prestige of the House. Deputy speaker Vasant Purke who was in the chair read out a resolution which was passed by a voice vote.The suspended Sena MLAs were Eknath Shinde, Pratap Sarnaik, Vinod Ghosalkar, Rajan Vichare, Dnyanraj Chowghule, Sanjay Gawande, Vijay Shivtare, Mahadeo Babar, Abhijeet Adsul, Chandrakant Mokate, Balaji Kinikar, Daulat Daroda and Dr Sujit Minchekar. The BJP legislator suspended was Ram Shinde. The opposition parties condemned the suspension of the MLAs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "12476244", "title": "Tibetan self-immolator dubbed martyr", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: Thousands of Tibetans gathered at their main temple here where Jamphel Yeshi, a 26-year-old Tibetan who immolated himself in Delhi, was cremated. There was a massive display of support for Yeshi's martyrdom with more than 5,000 Tibetans taking out a procession leading to traffic jams in McLeodganj. Some of Tibetan shops remained closed.Yeshi's body was brought to McLeodganj in a huge convoy after being received in Kangra town. Youths put up Tibetan flags on their bikes and wrote slogans on their cars. All the streets of the town and the main Buddhist temple had Yeshi's self-immolation posters pasted on them with freedom slogans. Demanding full support of the Indian government and the international community, the Tibetans condemned the arrest of their brethren in Delhi.\"The arrest of Tibetans in Delhi is unfortunate. We need global support at this stage when our people are committing self-immolation inside Tibet ,\" said Sonam Dorjee, welfare officer of Tibetans.Tibetan parliament-in-exile's speaker Penpa Tsering said, \"Hu Jintao is responsible for two more lives since he came to India. The question is how many more Tibetans will have to die before the issue is resolved?\"On the absence of the Dalai Lama , who was in Dharamshala, one of his foreigner followers said that the spiritual leader was against self immolations as it was a violent way of protest. Prime Minister Lobsang Sangay is away in Japan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12476270", "title": "\u2018Pathetic\u2019: Health officials on Goa medical college canteen", "text": "PANAJI: Officials of the food and drug administration visited the Goa medical college and hospital on Friday and inspected two canteens at the premises. The officials found that the canteens lacked cleanliness and has informed the dean of the GMC about the pathetic state of affairs prevailing there, asking him to resolve the situation within a week.Though the canteens have licenses from the FDA, one of the canteens has been informally leased out to another party. During the surprise inspection, the officials of the FDA found that the sanitation conditions were extremely poor in both the canteens and domestic animals were even found roaming in the kitchen area. The officials also found a soak pit overflowing and the cooking area as well as the place where the utensils are washed were extremely filthy.Several workers employed in the canteen did not even possess health cards.Director of FDA Salim Veljee said, \"The condition at the canteens at the GMC is quite bad. We would have ordered the immediate closure of the same, but did not want to cause hardships to the relatives of patients as well the staff. The dean of the GMC has been asked to take necessary steps to resolve the situation\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12474832", "title": "Telangana Cong MPs threaten to join forces with TDP, TRS", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Congress high command is eager to appear sufficiently concerned about the Telangana issue as it professes to taking serious note of political developments in Andhra Pradesh but clearly more is expected of the ruling party.On Friday, T-Congress MPs warned of a joint struggle which they threatened to launch with the TRS and TDP, unless a prompt decision was taken on the contentious issue.The MPs reportedly made it clear to AICC general secretary and affairs-in-charge for AP, Ghulam Nabi Azad, that the status of Hyderabad was non-negotiable.The warning came at a meeting which Azad held with 11 T-Cong MPs. Earlier, he parleyed with Seemandhra MPs to draw up a strategy for the next round of bypolls in the state. \"We want to find a solution to the Telangana issue in the inter-session period of Parliament. The party is seriously considering the statehood issue,\" Azad reportedly told the MPs.According to sources, there was fierce opposition at the said meeting when the talk turned to the status of Hyderabad in the new scheme of things.However, meetings have been of singularly little help in solving the Telangana tangle and the MPs were just venting their frustration when they said they had had enough of meetings.\"Any meeting on Telangana will only be a repetition. There is nothing that is un-deliberated on the Telangana issue. So, it is better for the party to take a decision on Telangana,\" the MPs told the AICC general secretary. The MPs - Madhu Yaskhi, Ponnam Prabhakar, S Rajaiah, T Balaram Naik, K Rajagopal Reddy, Manda Jagannadham among others, rejected the high command's argument that a decision on Telangana would hurt the party in Seemandhra.\"A situation has arisen in the state when a separate Telangana cannot be delayed on the grounds that it would hurt the party in Seemandhra. Telangana or no Telangana, Seemadhra leaders are ditching the party by sending their family members to YS Jaganmohan Reddy's YSR Congress,\" Yaskhi told the media.Earlier, Azad held a meeting with some Seemandhra MPs during which he assured them that candidates for the bypolls would be selected on the basis of recommendations by a committee consisting of an MP, two MLAs, one minister and three PCC secretaries.D Purandeswari, JD Seelam, K Bapiraju, Lagadapati Rajagopal and GV Harsha Kumar were among those present at the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12476292", "title": "Police win legal battle over helmet rule", "text": "MADURAI: The city police have won a legal battle in the Madurai bench of the Madras high court on enforcement of the helmet rule.Madurai commissioner of police P Kannappan had in February ordered for strict enforcement of the helmet rule and motorists who were found driving without helmets were penalised from March 1. Even as the order drew mixed reactions from the public, a public interest litigation (PIL) was filed in the Madurai bench that sought to relax the rule and make it optional and not compulsory.The petitioner also alleged that wearing helmet itself led to many ailments. The commissioner, in his response said that there was no scientific evidence to prove that wearing helmet led to ailments, following which the court closed the case.In his petition, Guruvijian, the state executive committee member of Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) alleged that criminals could escape police eyes by wearing helmets.Filing a counter to the petition, city police commissioner Kannappan said after implementing the helmet rule, incidents of sustaining head injuries by two-wheeler/pillion riders have considerably reduced. On March 19, when the opinion of the dean, Government Rajaji Hospital (GRH), Madurai was sought for, after consulting professors from neurosurgery, ENT and ophthalmology departments, he gave a written opinion that there is no scientific evidence to show that wearing of helmets led to any cervical problems, brain tumour nor were the ears and eyes affected.He also opined that wearing of helmets by two-wheeler riders is mandatory by law in many countries and other parts of India and there is no documental evidence to show that wearing of helmets led to the above mentioned problems and no such case has been reported at the GRH. The wearing of helmet definitely decreases the severity of the head injuries, he conteded.The commissioner further submitted that the weight of a standard helmet is only 1.1 kg and normally the head would be able to bear this weight and will not cause any cervical spondylitis. \"Wearing of helmet vouches for the safety of its wearer. The ears are not completely plugged by wearing the helmet so as to impair ones hearing in any way,\" the commissioner stated.The identity of the criminals are established not only on their facial features and hence wearing of helmets by them at the time of committing the offences will not pose any hindrance to the investigation in fixing their identities, he added.When the matter came up before Justice Chitra Venkataraman and Justice R Karuppiah, the additional government pleader T S Mohammed Mohideen said as per the direction of the court only wearing of helmet is in force. The government had implemented it for the security of citizens. Following the submissions, the judges closed the petition stating nothing survives in it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12480722", "title": "A candlelight dinner tonight, suggest Balaji Mohan", "text": "A lot of celebs have been talking about the Earth Hour today and asking fans and followers to put off all lights for a greener tomorrow. But director Balaji Mohan, of &quot;Love Failure&quot; fame, has gone a step ahead to suggest what people could do in the one hour while they support the Earth Hour.In fact, his suggestion is quite a romantic one, if we may say so. Talking about the Earth Hour, the director says, \"Lights off today folks between 8.30 and 9.30 pm tonight for Earth hour,\" and he goes on to give his suggestion saying, \"Have a candle lit dinner tonight for a change.\"Is a candle lit dinner tonight on Balaji's agenda too?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12476140", "title": "Karnataka porngate: All three ministers get off lightly", "text": "BANGALORE: \"The minister was reading a government order even as a porn clip played out on his mobile phone. And he had no intention of watching porn.''This was an observation of a BJP panel in its report which indicted former minister Laxman Savadi, accused of viewing a porn clip during proceedings in the state legislative assembly on February 7. The report was tabled in the House on Friday.The 28-page report (excluding annexures) prepared by a panel headed by BJP MLA Srishailappa V Bidarur concluded while there's prima facie evidence that Savadi had watched sleazy clips on a mobile but not quite enough to recommend harsh punishment. \"As Savadi has already apologized to the committee for using a mobile inside the house and the trio faced suspension from the assembly proceedings in the last one and a half months as punishment, the speaker may warn him not to resort to such things in future and admonish him,\" it said.However, two other former ministers -- C C Patil and Krishna Palemar - accused of watching and sharing the porn clip with Savadi were let off. \"There is no evidence to suggest that former minister CC Patil viewed porn clippings on the mobile and Krishna Palemar was responsible for providing it,'' the report said.The report noted there were some similarities in the visuals viewed on the mobile by Savadi and the clip in a pen drive with him. However, it said, when the mobile was on, the member was also reading a government order and their watching the sleazy clip was not intentional.To ensure such incidents don't recur, the report recommended banning the use of mobiles in the house.Soon after the report was placed in the assembly 30 minutes before the session ended, the opposition Congress and JD (S) ridiculed the government for tabling the report on the last day of the budget session to thwart any debate. Opposition leader Siddaramaiah sought extension of the session by a day but law and parliamentary affairs minister Suresh Kumar said a debate could be held in the next session.TIMELINE* Feb 7: Private TV channels caught on camera two ministers -- Laxman Savadi and C C Patil -- watching a porn clip when the House was in session* The ministers later said another minister Krishna Palemar had sent hem the clip* Feb 8: The three ministers resigned following a public outcry* Speaker K G Bopaiah formed an inquiry committee of seven members from three political parties. The committee comprised two Congress members, one JD(S) and four BJP members* Congress and JD(S) boycotted the committee, claiming there was no inquiry required as there was enough evidence already* All-BJP panel involving Srishailappa Bidaroor, S R Vishwanath, Nehur Olekar and Suresh Gowda conducted the inquiry, and submitted the report to assembly speaker on March 20", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12479611", "title": "Shakti Mohan's high heel woes!", "text": "When Shakti Mohan was called upon to perform a dance sequence in Zee TV's show \" Punar Vivah\", little did she knew that she would have to get rid of her much-loved high heels for flats to match the height of her partner actor Karan Tacker.The \" Dance India Dance\" winner came all decked up, wearing six-inch stilettos and even rehearsed for the songs wearing them.However, the moment Karan landed on the sets for the rehearsals, it was evident that the heels would need to go. She settled for flats to look proportionate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12475994", "title": "Madras high court orders ship's arrest after accident", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court on Friday ordered the arrest of M V Gati Pride, a Panama flag ship, on a petition from the wife of the vessel's third officer who fell to his death aboard the vessel on March 24.Justice K B K Vasuki granted the interim order, on a civil suit by Bino Wesley, wife of T S Frank Midson, who sought 1 crore from the ship's owners, and pleaded for the arrest of the vessel till the payment is made.Her counsel S Vasudevan submitted that 33-year-old Frank joined the vessel on November 22, 2011 as third officer on a four-month contract for a salary of 1 lakh per month. The service period, however, was liable to be extended.The vessel, first arrested by the high court on December 19, 2011 in connection with various admiralty suits initiated by the crew for non-payment of wages due to them, was released only last week.During this period, it was lying idle in the outer anchorage of Chennai Port and wasn't properly maintained, Vasudevan said, adding that it was grossly deficient in equipment, manning and safety.Noting that her husband's death was communicated to her late, Bino Wesley said the vessel was not properly maintained due to non-payment of salaries and that the death occurred due to negligence of the vessel owners.She said that though she was entitled to a compensation of 2.08 crore as per rules, she limited her claim to only 1 crore due to lack of sufficient means to pay the court fees. Meanwhile, an investigation report from the Mercantile Marine Department (MMD) of the Ministry of Shipping found that the vessel wasn't maintained properly. \"The vessel has been found to be grossly deficient in equipment, safety practices, certification and manning,\" said the report.Responding to the MMD report, Vivek Nair, a spokesperson of the vessel, said the ship was proceeding to Kolkata for maintenance when the accident occurred.An investigation by the Mercantile Marine Department of the Ministry of Shipping found that the vessel, Gati Pride, wasn't maintained properly", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12476350", "title": "96 in Nashik hosps for fever", "text": "NASHIK: Fever is on the rise in the city at the onset of summer. Ninety six patients have been admitted in the municipal hospitals for fever. Nearly 320 patients have been admitted for various ailments, according to the Nashik Municipal Corporation's medical officer Dr D B Patil.The health department of the NMC had visited 6,671 homes and checked 32,410 people in a span of eight days. Door-to-door visits revealed that fever and diarrhoea are on the rise in the city.Of the 320 patients admitted in various municipal hospitals in the past eight days, 96 have been diagnosed with fever and 148 with diarrhoea, informed the health department. Eight patients have been admitted for dysentery, four for jaundice, 16 for typhoid, 27 for common cough and cold, nine for malaria and one person for dengue. \"These are the figures of patients admitted in the municipal hospital. In private hospitals, the number of patients has increased by at least 20-30% in the last 15 days,\" said officials from the health department.Meanwhile, in the backdrop of some swine flu patients cases being detected in Pune and three deaths already related to the disease, the state health department has issued orders and provided guidelines to all local health bodies to conduct surveys, and work on the prevention and control of swine flu.Symptoms of the disease, details like when the swab of patients has to be taken, when Tamiflu tablets have to be administered and in what quantity have to be provided to the health officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12476711", "title": "Visually impaired Raghuveer has stars in his eyes", "text": "INDORE: \"Don't aim for success if you want it; just do what you love and believe in, and it will come naturally.\" These words of David Frost seem to have deeply inspired Rewa-based singer Raghuveer Sharan Srivastava. He was born with severe visual impairment but that did not deter him from winning the heart of thousands, all thanks to his love and passion for music.Raghuveer Sharan Srivastava, born in 1981, won the reality show of a private channel in which total 53,000 aspirants were fighting for their luck in 2009-10. Many viewers did not even believe their eyes and were awestruck when this visually impaired and determined contestant walked away with glory then. He is believed to be the first visually impaired contestant to have won a music reality show in the country.On Thursday, he visited Indore on invitation by Doordarshan to participate in an audition for one of its upcoming shows.\"It was an extremely great feeling I underwent after winning the reality show. People now know me by my face and my voice. Though I still have a long way to go,\" said a beaming Raghuveer, with zeal and passion visible on his face. Ever since he won the reality show, he has turned a popular figure among the music aficionados in states like Bihar , Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh and Maharashtra where the channel has its strong presence.Ironically, he along with his elder brother Harisharan Prasad Srivastava, who was born with 100 per cent visual impairment, had opted for music only to keep himself satisfied. His brother played tabla while Raghuveer used to sing. Music was best friend for these two brothers throughout their lives and it also remained loyal to them.But Raghuveer had never imagined that his love for music will make him so popular one day. \"Though I always enjoyed and worshipped music, I never knew it will take me to such heights in the popularity chart,\" he said, adding he wants to emulate famous musician and singer Ravindra Jain.Being a visually impaired, did he ever feel deprived of something important in his life? In reply to this question, he said I felt low at times but music was always there to boost my confidence. Also, my friends at Banaras ensured that my disability never came in the way of my zeal to make it big one day.The success story of Raghuveer had its plot written on the banks of Ganges in Banaras way back in 2001 when he joined Hanuman Prasad Poddar Andh Vidyalay. His friends then persuaded him to join Prayag Sangeet Samiti, after seeing his immense interest and talent in the field of music. He successfully completed 'Prabhakar' course from there which set in motion his quest for identity in the field of music, something he always worshipped. After completing intermediate, he took admission in Banaras Hindu University (BHU) and completed his graduation with Hindi, English and Philosophy. But he ensured that the balance between studies and music practice was not harmed.Though I never expect any show of kindness from anyone. Award me only if I deserve, Raghuveer reiterated.\"We are from a very poor background and birth of two sons with visual imparity had only added to our miseries. But today I'm proud of my son's achievements. The future of the family appears secure now,\" said Raghuveer's mother Prabha Srivastava.General secretary of National Federation of Blind SK Rungta said, \"Such achievements help defy the negative attitude towards blindness. They also motivate others to work hard and inspire them to excel despite odds.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12476513", "title": "Globalization a double-edged sword, says RBI governor", "text": "BANGALORE: Globalization is a double-edged sword; no matter what career you pursue or where you choose to work, you'll have to learn to manage it in ways that will maximize its benefits and minimize its costs. That's D Subbarao, governor's advice to the graduating batch of the Indian Institute of Management-Bangalore.Subbarao explained the phenomenon to around 570 students at the IIM-B amphitheatre on Friday evening. \"If the Great Moderation was the positive side of globalization , the financial crisis of 2008-09 and the Great Recession that followed were its negative side. That a bubble in a quintessentially non-tradeable sector like housing snowballed into a global financial crisis, taking a devastating toll on global growth and welfare, is a demonstration of the ferocity of the forces of globalization ,\" he said.Talking about developments closer home, he said: \"The challenge the Reserve Bank faces on account of opening up the economy is best explained by the impossible argument which asserts that a country cannot simultaneously maintain all three policy goals of free capital flow, a fixed exchange rate and an independent monetary policy.\"He said although today's globalization is based on a stronger footing because of advances in technology and declining transport costs, \"political dynamics offer no guarantee it will move along irreversibly.\"He added: \"The ratio of external trade to GDP has gone up over four times, from 8% of GDP in 1972 to 37% in 2011. A more complete measure of a country's global integration is the two-way flow of goods and finance in and out of a country. That ratio in finance has moved up nearly eight times in these four decades, from 14% in 1972 to 109% in 2011. It means that India's trade integration has been deep; but its financial integration has been deeper,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12482497", "title": "Kashmir interlocutors report to be made public after CCS meet: Chidambaram", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union home minister P Chidambaram on Saturday said report of the interlocutors on Kashmir would \"see the light\" early in new financial year once a presentation is made before the Cabinet committee on security (CCS).Talking to reporters after presenting a monthly report of his ministry, Chidambaram said national security advisor Shiv Shanker Menon \"is trying to schedule a meeting\".\"I am hopeful it will see the light...early in new financial year (starting on April 1). We are trying to schedule a meeting of the CCS.\"You know there were many, many events in the last three or four months. We are trying to schedule a meeting of the CCS. I think NSA is trying to schedule a meeting and there is a full discussion on CCS,\" he said and added he stood firm on his commitment to make the report public.The interlocutors on Jammu and Kashmir comprising noted journalist Dilip Padgaonkar, academician Radha Kumar and M M Ansari, had submitted their report to Chidambaram on October 12 last year in which they touched on a variety of issues including the controversial Armed Forces Special Powers Act confronting the state.It was expected that an all-party meeting would be called to discuss the report of the interlocutors but only after CCS takes a view on that.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12473989", "title": "Miss India World 2012: Vanya Mishra wins the title", "text": "The winners of the Pantaloons Femina Miss India (PFMI) 2012 pageant were declared at a star-studded event at Bhavans Ground, Andheri on Friday evening .The winners are Vanya Mishra (Pantaloons Femina Miss India World 2012), Prachi Mishra (Pantaloons Femina Miss India Earth 2012), Rochelle Maria Rao (Pantaloons Femina Miss India International 2012).Chandigarh girl, Vanya Mishra who got a direct entry in the final 20 after winning Dabur Gulabari Miss Rose Glow 2011 contest is finally PFMI'12 Miss World. In answer to the final question, 'If you have an option, will you create thousand jobs or feed thousand children daily?' Vanya said, \"Little children are innocent and anybody's heart will melt. I will also try to give them education so that they can feed themselves and their family too.The PFMI 2012 winners were crowned by Pantaloons Femina Miss India World 2011 Kanistha Dhankhar, Pantaloons Femina Miss India Earth 2011 Hasleen Kaur, Pantaloons Femina Miss India International 2011 Ankita Shorey. Mr Kamal Basu, Head Marketing Skoda Auto India Private Limited, gave away car keys as part of grand prize to the three finalists.Sub Contest WinnersName of the Title Winner Veet Femina Miss Beautiful Legs 2012 Farah Hussian Pantaloons Femina Miss Fresh Face 2012 Erica Fernandez Pantaloons Femina Miss Fashionista 2012 Sneha Upadhyay Femina Miss Beautiful Smile 2012 Sana Khan Femina Miss Beautiful Lips 2012 Sonam Pachey Streax Femina Miss Stylish Hair 2012 Sonam Pachey Courtyard Marriot Mumbai Miss Congeniality 2012 Prachi Mishra VLCC Femina Miss Body Beautiful 2012 Rochelle Maria Rao Gitanjali Femina Miss Glamourous Diva 2012 Rochello Maria Rao Diet Mantra Femina Miss Active 2012 Shamata Anchan Femina Miss Divine Thoughts 2012 Farah Hussian Lavie Femina Miss Globe Trotter 2012 Aasttha Ssidhana Sanofi Pasteur Femina Miss Beauty for Health 2012 Farah Hussian Enhance Femina Miss Ravishing 2012 Ipsita Pati Portico Femina Miss Dream Girl 2012 Purva Rana Maybelline Femina Miss Colossal Eyes 2012 Vanya Mishra Lavase Femina Vivacious 2012 Ipsita Pati Dabur Gulabari Femina Miss Glowing Skin 2012 Vanya Mishra Bharati Vidyapeeth Femina Miss Photogenic 2012 Vanya Mishra Liberty Femina Miss Ramp Model Rochelle Maria RaoInterviews:I had my share of anxiety and fear: Vanya MishraThe journey that began two years ago, turned into a dream come true for 19-year-old Vanya Mishra when she was crowned Femina Miss India World 2012 at Bhavans Ground, Mumbai on 30 March 2012. She got a direct entry to the finale after winning Dabur Gulabari Miss Rose Glow 2011 contest, and was finally crowned PFMI'12 Miss World. She is definitely enjoying her time as the new Miss India World. In an exclusive tete-a-tete Vanya opens up about her life, dreams and conquering her fears.\"The feeling that I've won the crown has still not sunk in, as the crown comes with a lot of joy and responsibilities too. Life has suddenly become so busy. But I am enjoying every moment of it.\"Though she was extremely confident, Vanya admits to have had her moments of anxiety and panic. \"I always thought people around me are much more experienced as I am just 19, so I should just wait and come back later. But I always had a positive feeling which finally paid off,\" she exclaims days later as she takes out time from a flurry of interviews and posing for the shutterbugs.Vanya feels her life has completely changed after the win. \"I can feel the power and the popularity that has come with the title. I am enjoying the sudden attention that is being showered upon me,\" she exclaims.Though her childhood dream has been realised and the prestigious title is now hers, she still believes there is a lot more to achieve. While she is now readying herself for international pageant in a bid to bring home the coveted Miss World title, she still wants to complete her education. With a hectic schedule ahead of her, Vanya feels she really needs to strategise and plan ahead, and adds with a humorous touch, \"It's not bad to be educated.\"Talking about her favourites in Bollywood whom she would like to romance onscreen, the pretty woman says, \"I would love to be cast opposite Ranbir Kapoor some day.\" When probed further, Vanya admits to already feeling the pressure to bring home the Miss World title. But for now, she is extremely excited about the grand welcome that she is all set to receive in her home town Chandigarh. \"They just want to know when I am coming back to Chandigarh. Days are busy, but I am not complaining,\" she signs off.-Swati BhattacharyyaPFMI was a big risk for me: Prachi MishraAnd it paid off for Allahabad girl Prachi Mishra, Pantaloons Femina Miss India Earth 2012. At the same time, Prachi says there are mountains left to conquer, still.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12474918", "title": "Ram Navami celebrations: Security intensified ahead of the festival", "text": "HYDERABAD: Clashes in Sangareddy have provoked the city police to intensify patrolling in communally-sensitive areas on Sunday. Massive arrangements have been made for Sri Ram Navami Shobha Yatra and local Mythri committee members have been roped in to prevent any untoward incidents.The organisers said that VHP secretary Surendra Jain and Sadhvi Prachi Devi will be addressing devotees at three places, including Begum Bazaar Chatri, Gandhi statue near Puranapul and Gowliguda Ram temple. The organisers have reportedly invited Tarun Sagar, who has written and rendered the controversial 'Banayenge Mandir' song, to participate in the procession. However, police have made all arrangements to arrest him if he lands in the city.Police expect the crowd to cross 25,000 in this year's Shobha Yatra, which is scheduled to start at 10 am from Mahakaleshwari Mandir at Upper Dhoolpet and culminate at Ram Mandir in Gowliguda. The meeting at Gowliguda temple will continue till late in the evening, police said.The procession will pass through four police station areas, including Mangalhat, Shahinayatgunj, Begum Bazaar and Afzalgunj. To keep off trouble, police have divided the areas into eight sectors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12482077", "title": "Ram\u2019s sarcastic but still supports the Earth hour", "text": "Looks like T-town star Ram is showing off not just his concern for the Earth Hour but also his humorous side.The actor commented on a micro blogging site, \"WHAT?? EARTH HOUR?? But isn't our Govt making us do this \"Earth Hour\" thingy for more than 4hrs Everyday???? In India...Let's all switch off our \"Generators\" and support this Earth Hour and save fuel which is going up by Rs. 3 again!\" (sic).The actor also added, \"Keeping aside facts and sarcasm with great difficulty, let's try and follow the Earth Hour.\"(sic).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12475548", "title": "Decide female foeticide cases in 3 months: HC", "text": "JAIPUR: Taking a serious note of ineffective actions against people committing female foeticide and the medicos involved in prenatal sex determination tests, the Rajasthan High Court on Friday directed all district judges in the state to decide such litigations pending before them within three months.While hearing a public interest litigation (PIL) on the issue, Justice Mahesh Chand Sharma directed the state police to complete their investigations in such crimes pending before them within two months. The PIL filed by SK Gupta stated that around 200 cases filed under the Prenatal Diagnostic Techniques (PNDT) Act were pending before different courts across the state for unusually long durations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12476774", "title": "Short-circuit in AC, man chokes to death at home", "text": "KOLKATA: A short-circuit caused an air-conditioning machine to spew toxic fumes and sparked a fire in a flat at an apartment building in upscale Golpark on Friday, killing a 55-year-old man.The incident came within hours of a malfunctioning AC triggering a blaze at a 10-storey office building near Rabindra Sadan on Thursday evening, underlining the hazards from illmaintained machines as summer scorches the city.Brijit Chatterjee, his 30-yearold wife Sonali and seven-yearold daughter Sarama were fast asleep when smoke from the AC began to fill their bedroom. While Brijit choked to death, his wife and daughter were rescued by firefighters, who were alerted by neighbours after they saw smoke coming out of the flat. Sonali and her daughter, who were unconscious when they were rescued, were admitted in hospital and their condition was said to be stable.C aretaker Rana Ray, 30, who was asleep in an adjoining room, was also admitted to hospital in an unconscious state. None of them suffered burn injuries, though. The hospital declared Brijit brought dead. Neighbours first spotted thick columns of smoke billowing out of the Chatterjees' third floor flat around 4.15am. They raised an alarm and called the fire brigade. Even though they heard screams from inside the flat, they failed to break open the door. The fire brigade, they alleged, arrived 45 minutes later. The bedroom door had to be pulled down to rescue Brijit and his family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12476835", "title": "Power tariff to go up 10-50 paise per unit", "text": "PATNA: The Bihar Electricity Regulatory Commission (BERC) on Friday approved 12.1% increase in overall tariff rate which will yield an additional revenue of Rs 348.06 crore to the Bihar State Electricity Board (BSEB).BERC has allowed an increase of only 10 paise per unit for the first 300 units of power consumed by domestic consumers from April 1 on single phase and three-phase power connection. For power consumption above 300 units, an increase of 20 paise per unit has been allowed.The power tariff for industrial consumers has been raised, on an average, by 50 paise per unit. Reacting to it, Sanjeev Chaudhary, S K Patwari and Umesh Poddar, all industrialists who were present at the BERC office on Friday, said the hike was quite high and would affect industries in Bihar.BERC has, however, retained the existing tariff under the Kutir Jyoti scheme for BPL families, agriculture and other rural consumers. Giving this information, BERC chairman U N Panjiar said, \"BERC has tried to protect the revenue interest of BSEB and at the same time ensured that consumers are not subjected to high tariff increase.\"He said a 10% premium on energy charge has been allowed for providing almost 24-hour power supply. Consumers' complaints would also be attended round-the-clock in notified areas with provision of change of transformers.The existing provision of 10-day grace period for realization of delayed payment surcharge has been retained, Panjiar said, adding that the BERC had rejected the proposal of BSEB to withdraw it. The existing rate of rebate for timely payment and the rate of delayed payment surcharge have been retained.The BERC allowed BSEB only 27% transmission and distribution loss against 42% sought by it. The regulator approved a revenue gap of Rs 841.17 crore, of which Rs 683.90 crore would be met by state government subsidy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12474879", "title": "Cyber criminals can\u2019t delete wrongdoing", "text": "HYDERABAD: Several cyber criminals who were under the impression that pressing the 'Delete' key would erase every trace of their online fraud are waking up to the fact that forensic experts can retrieve any deleted data.One such felon is the fisheries department executive engineer 'Big Fish' Velugubanti Suryanarayana, who was caught in 2008 by ACB sleuths for allegedly possessing disproportionate assets worth crores of rupees.Suryanarayana allegedly deleted thousands of files from his laptop and other computers in a bid to destroy evidence. But after forensic experts had gone through the seized machines, it was found that in all, Suryanaryana had deleted more than 15,000 files, of which more than 14,000 files were recoverable.\"The data was recovered and given to court and it stands as important evidence. Suryanarayana deleted nearly 15,000 files and it took us a lot of time to recover the deleted data,\" O Narasimha Murthy, director of the AP Forensic Science Laboratory (APFSL), told TOI.Fisheries department additional director Prakash Rao told TOI that Suryanarayana continued to be under suspension. Officials said that many of the deleted files pertained to the awarding of contracts by Suryanarayana in his capacity as executive engineer in the fisheries department.Officials at APFSL said that the number of cyber crime cases was steadily on the rise and that, in most cases, the offenders take every precaution to erase data and tamper with evidence. This has been a common feature in recent financial frauds, in cyber harassment and forgery cases involving fake educational certificates.Of the 21,000 cases that the APFSL has dealt with in the last one year, nearly 500 are cyber crimes and that number keeps increasing.However, the officials cannot always count on their forensic skills to be able to retrieve all deleted data. The quest for accuracy though is on and officials said that they have procured advanced software like Rainbow, Tables and mobile phone extractions which will be operational in about a month. An amount of Rs 4.4 crore was spent behind the upgrade of DNA finger printing, toxicology and cyber forensics at APFSL using funds from the police modernisation fund, officials added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12481299", "title": "Army chief names retired Lt Gen in his bribery complaint to CBI", "text": "NEW DELHI: Army chief Gen VK Singh has named retired Lt Gen Tejinder Singh in his complaint to the CBI on the alleged Rs 14 crore bribe offered to him to clear tranche of nearly 600 Tatra trucks. CBI sources said Singh has assured them of providing more material about the alleged bribe offer very soon.The agency has started examining the complaint received yesterday and may question Tejinder Singh in connection with the case, they said. Sources said a call on whether to proceed with a preliminary enquiry or a regular FIR would be taken soon.Tejinder Singh has refuted the allegations. He has also filed a defamation case against the Army chief and other officers. The agency was waiting for a formal complaint from the Army chief regarding details of alleged bribe offer to initiate a formal probe into the matter referred to it by the defence ministry. CBI officers had met him on Monday evening.The Army chief had claimed in media interviews that an equipment lobbyist had offered him a bribe of Rs 14 crore, a matter which he had reported to defence minister AK Antony .The ministry had then recommended a CBI probe into the allegation made by the Army chief.After receiving reference from the ministry, the agency had asked it to make available a complaint from Singh besides other details such as list of witnesses and supporting documents after which it would initiate its probe in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "12479074", "title": "China cracks down on microblogging sites after coup rumours", "text": "BEIJING: Chinese authorities have closed down 16 websites, penalised two of the country's biggest microblogging sites and detained 6 persons for spreading rumours of a coup attempt in the capital after of the sacking an influential Communist Party leader.Authorities have closed 16 websites and detained six people responsible for \"fabricating or disseminating online rumours,\" China's State Internet Information Office (SIIO) and Beijing police said.They said that those websites were closed for spreading rumours last week of \"military vehicles entering Beijing and something wrong going on in Beijing,\" which were fabricated by some lawless people recently.Beijing police also detained six people for allegedly fabricating and spreading the above-mentioned rumours, particularly through microblogging posts, Beijing Municipal Bureau of Public Security said.The rumours have caused \"a very bad influence on public\" and the websites were closed as per laws for failing to stop the spread of rumours, an official spokesman told state-run Xinhua news agency.Also two major Chinese microblogging sites, weibo.com and t.qq.com, which together have about 300 million micropbloggers have suspended comment functions after they were punished for allowing rumours to spread, state-run Xinhua news agency reported today.The t.qq.com, run by Tencent and Weibo.Com put up an online announcement that they have decided to suspend comment function from March 31 to April 3 to clean up rumours and other \"illegal information\" spread through microbloggings.China's Internet was rife with rumours of an alleged coup attempt last week after the shock dismissal Communist Party politburo member and Chongqing party chief Bo Xilai earlier in the month. Cyberspace discussions on Bo's fate have been censored.The rumours fuelled by pictures of battle tanks rolling down in Beijing with questions whether there was a coup were widely picked up by the western media.Some write ups in the mibcrobloggs even said shots were fired near the Communist Party's leadership compound.A BBC report said \"On closer inspection though, some of the pictures seemed to be old ones from rehearsals for military parades, others did not even seem to be of Beijing, as they claimed, but different Chinese cities\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "ajit nagar", "code": "12476863", "title": "From sports lover to dance champ", "text": "AJIT NAGAR: Amit Williams, 23, an intern at Christian Dental College, was a sports lover but by twist of fate earned a name in dancing. Over the last some years, he has been impressing his college mates with stunning performances. Whenever Amit performs for his team, his team wins a first prize in the group dance category.Says Amit, son of William Prem Sagar, chief cardiac perfusionist and Sushma Gill, a private school teacher, \"I was interested in sports, right from my school days in Sacred Heart Convent, Sarabha Nagar, and Saint Thomas School, Brown Road. When I was in Sacred Heart Convent, I used to play football and cricket. In class XI and XII, I started playing volleyball. I was not inclined towards dancing and all, but it happened. One day I performed on an English dance number during freshers' night, and the audience liked my performance. In third year, one of the team members, Alex Daniel, of our class dance group got a fracture and could not perform. I was asked to perform and we won the first prize.\"Recently their group won the first prize in the annual college festival. Now dancing has become his passion. His favourites include legendary late Michael Jackson and Ganesh Hegde .Mebin Mathew, a student of Christian Dental College who has been actively involved in organizing cultural activities in the campus, is all praise for Amit. \"Amit is one of the best dancers we have in the college. I am sure he will continue to give award winning performances in future also\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12476327", "title": "Acting municipal chief to present budget estimates", "text": "NASHIK: Officiating municipal commissioner P Velrasu will be presenting the budget estimates for the year 2012-13 on Saturday.The municipal commissioner presents a draft budget in February or early March, which is approved by the standing committee and discussed and approved by the general body.This process has to be completed by March 31 every year. This year, the draft budget could not be presented with the municipal elections scheduled in February. As of now, the new standing committee has not been constituted yet. \"Under such circumstances, the municipal commissioner has the authority to present the budget draft, which could be presented to the standing committee once it is constituted,\" the acting civic chief said.There had been arguments by the opposition parties that in the absence of the standing committee, the civic body should ask the government to sanction funds for the regular expenses of the corporation. Velrasu clarified that this was the process followed earlier, but an amendment in the Act last year has given powers to the municipal commissioner in cases where the draft budget cannot be presented before the standing committee for any reason.Newly-elected mayor Yatin Wagh said that once the standing committee is constituted, the necessary changes and discussions on the commissioner's budget will be made.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12477152", "title": "Traffic awareness campaign for youngsters", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The traffic police department would conduct educational campaign among drivers especially youngsters.For that, the traffic police officials are planning to contact management of educational institutes/colleges so that youngsters could be taught road safety lessons. The idea was promoted as most of the schools are going to reopen in the first week of April.Traffic inspector, Indrapal Singh told TOI that only awareness can be a potent tool to check the cases of accidents. Officials said that a strategy is in the pipeline and drivers would be taught about speed limit lessons.Police records claimed that over 92 persons were killed in road accidents in the first three months of this year in the Allahabad region, putting both traffic and district police officials in a catch-22 situation.\"We have also been engaging locals in educational camps and few locals have been made traffic wardens or traffic mitra to encourage them towards traffic rules and regulations\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12476937", "title": "Cops told to record statements on video", "text": "KOLKATA: The city police will have to record the statements of the accused and witnesses on video during an investigation , said Kolkata Police commissioner R K Pachnanda at a crime conference on Friday.The move has been prescribed by Calcutta high court in a ruling that the police chief instructed his officers from all city police stations to abide by. Police have the right to examine and record the statements of people in connection with any investigation under provision of CrPC 161.Sources said to avoid any controversy, the police chief has instructed his men to keep visual evidence of the statements. He told his officers that since all police stations have video cameras now, it is not difficult to initiate this simple practice which may help keep the police in a secure position during a trial. Most importantly, it might prevent witnesses from turning hostile since a visual version of the earlier statement will be available with police.The police chief also emphasized on the importance of speedy disposal of cases. At that, however, some officers argued that they have been disposing cases faster than any other state agency, and that too, with their limited manpower. To this, Pachnanda assured them that he would look into the manpower crisis in different police stations. He also took stock of different crimes, detection rate and development of some important cases.Pachnanda also asked his officers to increase coordination between different wings of the organization. During the meeting, however, not a single word was uttered on the recent high court row over Amherst Street police station's late production of a case diary. But Pachnanda's special emphasis on more coordination between different units of Kolkata Police was to remind the issue where a minor communication gap had led to him being summoned by the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12476224", "title": "Panchayat polls: Ward delimitation, reservation for women finalized", "text": "PANAJI: The government has completed the delimitation of wards for the upcoming village panchayat elections and the delimitation exercise will be notified in the official gazette soon.Panchayat elections are likely to be conducted on May 16, 2012.While the reservation of seats for women has also been finalized, the reservation for OBC and ST candidates will be finalized by next week, officials said.Panchayats director Menino D'Souza said that in the just-concluded delimitation exercise, the number of wards in village panchayats has not been increased. The reason is that the government does not have the published census figures of 2011. The government has evenly distributed the voters in the various wards to avoid lopsided voter population in some wards. This has been done on the basis of data received from the block development officers of various talukas. D'Souza said that the reservation of seats for women has also been finalized and will be notified in the gazette.The reservation of seats for women is done on the earlier formula of rotation of wards. For the upcoming panchayat election, the reservation for women is as follows: For 5-member panchayats, the wards reserved for women are 2 and 5; for 7-member panchayats, the wards are 2 and 7; for 9-member panchayats, the wards are 2, 4 and 7; and for 11-member panchayats, the wards for women are 3, 4, 7 and 11. But for 11-member panchayats that were newly-classified in 2007, the reserved wards for women are 2, 4, 7 and 11.The panchayat polls in 2007 saw several instances where ST or OBC candidates contested in wards where there were neither ST nor OBC voters. To prevent this, the state has recommended that reservation for such candidates be done on rotation basis, but only in wards with substantial population of ST or OBC voters. Reservations for ST and OBC may be restricted to 50% of the total reserved seats to prevent general categories from getting affected by \"negative reservation\", officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12476017", "title": "Metropolitan Transport Corporation to get 464 new buses today", "text": "CHENNAI: Of the 3,000 new buses that were announced for the seven transport corporation across the state in the budget last week, the Metropolitan Transport Corporation will get 464 new buses. Chief minister J Jayalalithaa will formally launch the buses on Saturday. \"Buses will start operating soon after,\" an MTC official said.Since the average age of buses in the corporation is 3.5 years, there will be no replacements. \"All of them will be added to the running fleet,\" said the official. With the new addition, MTC's fleet will increase from 3,421 to 3,885. Last year, 176 buses were allotted for the corporation but they haven't made it to the fleet yet.\"Body building works are going on for these buses which are expected to be added to the fleet in a couple of months,\" said the official. When these buses are added, the fleet size will cross 4,000, meeting the Wilbur Smith recommendation for 2014.Drawing flak from passengers for increasing fares and running excessive deluxe buses, MTC has played it safe this time by augmenting only ordinary buses. After the hike, the number of commuters dropped from 56 lakh to 50 lakh per day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "12477041", "title": "Thousands of Tibetans attend cremation of \u2018martyr\u2019", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: Thousands of Tibetans gathered at the main temple when Jamphel Yeshi (26), a Tibetan who died after setting himself on fire in Delhi, was cremated like a martyr by Tibetan exiles at McLeodganj on Friday. Strangely, the Dalai Lama, who was in the town, was not present while Tibetan prime minister-in-exile Lobsang Sangay was in Japan.In a massive display, mainly backed by the Tibetan Youth Congress (TYC) one of the major pro-independence groups, around 5,000 Tibetans came to the streets, leading to traffic jams in McLeodganj. Some of the Tibetan shops remained closed for the whole day.The Tibetan community was very keen to have a glimpse of the martyr, who sacrificed his life for the cause. The body of the deceased was brought to McLeodganj in a huge procession after being received at outer area of Kangra town. Youths had put up Tibetan flags on their bikes and written slogans on their cars.All streets of the town and main Buddhist temple had Yeshi's self-immolation posters imprinted with freedom slogans. Demanding full support of the Indian government and international community for the Tibetan cause, the gathering condemned the arrest of Tibetans in Delhi.\"Arrest of Tibetans in Delhi was really unfortunate. We need the global support at this particular stage when our people are committing immolations,\" said Sonam Dorjee, welfare officer of Tibetans.Tibetan parliament-in-exile's speaker Penpa Tsering said, \"Hu Jintao is responsible for two more lives since he came to India. The question is how many more Tibetan lives have to be lost before the issue will be resolved.\"On the absence of the Dalai Lama, his foreigner followers said that the spiritual leader was against immolations as it was a violent way of protest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12476915", "title": "Harvind's will carved a way for her success", "text": "LUDHIANA: Harvind Sharma, 30, who had left everyone in her family shocked when she left her job in a textile industry, here, has proved that where there's a will, there's always a way. And because of that will and hardwork, today she is the proud owner of her production house Aarya Home, which deals in home furnishings.''In my previous company I was working as a treasury executive in foreign exchange. I enjoyed working but there was a voice inside me that kept telling me that I was made to do something else. That's when I took the decision to leave and start my own venture. And I am very happy with my decision today,'' said Harvind.Harvind went on to set up her own own production house and named it after her 8-month-old son Aarya. Today her boutique has home furnishings ranging from printed, embroidery works, luxurious and tailor made bed sheets to exclusive quilts and accessories.''Harvinder's mother Jaswinder Kaur Makkar guided her though the entire process of setting up as she used to this business few years ago. ''Besides, my sister Manpreet Kaur Baweja also continues to be my best support, and most importantly my husband Amit's support keeps me going strong,'' said Harvind.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12478585", "title": "Hrithik\u2019s prosthetics weigh Priyanka down", "text": "With the actor's makeup taking hours, his co-star is left waiting on the sets of Krrish 3Mumbai Mirror brought you the pictures of the house where superhero Krrish would be living. And now, we will tell you what exactly has been going on inside the bungalow built in Film City. Once you manage to go past the heavy security (a near impossible feat, if you ask us), you will find a rather old, wrinkled Hrithik Roshan roaming around on the sets. But that's only till lunchtime. Post lunch, if you look, you will see the superhero Hrithik shooting.Confused? Let us explain. Hrithik, who plays the role of the father (aged 60) as well as the superhero son (around 30 years of age) in Krrish 3, has been shooting for both the parts in Film City. While the first half of the day is reserved for the father, the rest of the day is given to the son. But the crew has been unable to stick to this schedule too well. And in midst of the father-son timetable, the film's lead actress Priyanka Chopra is often left waiting.The inability to stick to the time schedule can be attributed the heavy prosthetics that Hrithik has to wear to gain thirty years every morning. \"A leading makeup artist has been flown in for Hrithik. The process takes around four hours. Hrithik has to wear new teeth, a padded tummy, a grey wig and an artificial wrinkled skin,\" revealed a source from the unit. Needless to say, often this makeup process delays the second half of the day. And invariably, Priyanka is left waiting in her van.\"This particular schedule is tough. Hrithik comes in at 6 am. By 10 am, he gets ready. Then he starts shooting for the old man sequences. After that, he removes his makeup and gets ready for the younger man scenes. Many of these scenes will in fact be combined in postproduction. There's a lot of interaction between father and son,\" said the source.Meanwhile, Priyanka Chopra plays the waiting game. \"Her scenes depend entirely on how much time Hrithik takes to put and remove the makeup. She has to wait until he gets ready. On most days the shoot gets over by 9 pm. But the 15 hours on the sets are tough. He has to get into the skin of the two very different characters that he plays,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12475637", "title": "Power cuts in South Delhi on Sunday", "text": "NEW DELHI: Power supply will be affected in several areas of south Delhi on Sunday due to a planned shutdown of a major transmission line. Power department officials said 220kV Maharani Bagh transmission line of Delhi Transco will be shut down between 5am and 10am due to construction work on Barapullah Road by Public Works Department. They said power supply will be affected in a number of areas in central and South Delhi including Lodhi Road, South Extension, Defence Colony, Lajpat Nagar and adjoining areas.A major power sub-station in Okhla area will also be shut down on Monday for maintenance work due to which power supply will be affected in number of areas in South Delhi between 10 am and 2 pm. The planned shut down of the sub-station will affect power supply in Kalkaji, Chitranjan Park, Greater Kailash I &amp; II, Govind Puri, East of Kailash, Okhla Industrial Area, Nehru Place and adjoining areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12474900", "title": "Major shake-up in forest department?", "text": "NAGPUR: In an unexpected move, the state forest department is likely to witness a major shake-up in its top hierarchy. The decisions are also likely to cause many heartburns.The shake-up became necessary as Forest Development Corporation of Maharashtra managing director SK Sood is all set to retire on Saturday. Sources close to forest minister Patangrao Kadam told TOI that Sood will be replaced by Prakash Thosre. The latter is currently the principal chief conservator of forest (PCCF) for production &amp; management. Thosre will be retiring in August.The orders were keenly awaited on Friday but now will reach Van Bhavan on Saturday morning.It was widely expected by many in the cadre that Sood would be replaced by SWH Naqvi, a 1977 batch IFS officer now working as APCCF (subordinate cadre). But Naqvi is now moving in place of SK Khetarpal as PCCF (wildlife).TOI learns that the shake-up was deemed necessary as the government was apparently not happy with the performance of the wildlife department. When it came to relocation of villages, development of forest tourism and utilization of government funds, the department failed to achieve targets.The decisions come in the wake of a letter issued on January 19 by forest secretary Praveen Pardeshi to all senior officials that poor implementation of schemes will have an adverse impact on their career graph.On March 27, Naqvi was among the four officers along with Alind Chandra (1978), Sarvesh Kumar (1978), and A K Saxena (1979) whose names were cleared by the departmental promotion committee (DPC) in the select list for PCCFs - those who will retire during the year.For Khetarpal, who will take Thosre's place, it's a climb down of responsibilities and comes just 10 months before his retirement. From being overall in charge of the state wildlife department, he returns to the same office where he was earlier APCCF. The post was upgraded to PCCF in the IFS cadre review last year.With the cadre review, there are five posts of PCCF in the state forest department. On Thursday, Kadam's office had dropped enough hints to TOI that the FDCM MD would not necessarily be one among the four shortlisted officers in the select list of PCCF. \"He could be one of the existing PCCFs too,\" the source had said adding that all rules are being followed.In forest circles, after the head of forest force (HoFF) post, which is currently held by AK Joshi, the post of FDCM MD is considered as the second most important PCCF-ranked post. It entails independent charge. The post of PCCF (wildlife), where Naqvi moves in to replace Khetarpal, however, has always been in the limelight due to tigers and tourism.Marching ordersSWH Naqvi: New wildlife PCCF in place of SK Khetarpal. Was earlier APCCF for subordinate cadrePrakash Thosre: New managing director of FDCM in place of SK Sood. Was earlier PCCF production and managementSK Khetarpal: New PCCF production and management in place of Thosre. Was earlier PCCF wildlifeSK Sood: Retires on March 31 as FDCM MD", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12475203", "title": "Schools flout norm, hike fees", "text": "JAIPUR: It's not just petrol or vegetables, but education too has become an extremely expensive affair for city parents. In the last three years, schools have repeatedly increased the fees, flouting the state government norms.Many private schools have hiked fees by 15% saying that they need funds to support the 25% reservation of students from the economically disadvantaged groups. The sudden revision in tuition fees, stationary and uniform costs has come as a rude shock for most parents.According to the government order passed on June 1, 2009, private schools can raise the hike beyond the permitted limit (7%) only after submitting the accounts details to the education department. On the basis of the school's financial condition, the department will decide if the school can hike the fees.Despite the order, parents on an average will have to bear an additional burden of Rs 4,000 to Rs 12,000 annually from the coming session. Schools like BVB Vidhyashram, Step By Step, Maharani Gayatri Devi, St Xavier's and others have hiked the fees beyond the permitted 7%. None of these schools, though, have sought permission or presented documents justifying the fee hike.School authorities stand by their decision and say that the minimum 5% hike is on account of reserved students, besides 10% on account of dearness allowance and annual increments payable to every employee. Some also blamed it on the rising cost of living, and increase in prices of essential commodities.The government, unfortunately, has maintained a casual approach to the issue and not formed any regulatory body to check the fee hike by schools. District education authorities too have not bothered to take any action against the errant schools in the past. \"We have learnt that some schools have hiked fees against the order. The education office will probe into the matter, and action will be taken against those flouting norms,\" said SC Meena, state government education officer.The parents association has called the hike 'unjustifiable'. \"There are many schools which have enough funds and are setting up setting up other braches or institutions, and transferring the corpus fund to other societies,\" said Dinesh Kawat, president, Parents Welfare Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12475502", "title": "Poll symbol row: Election Commission intervenes", "text": "NEW DELHI: The tussle between Samajwadi Party and J&K; Panthers Party over the bicycle as poll symbol turned bitter on Friday with the latter accusing the Delhi State Election Commission of favouring SP.However, state election commissioner Rakesh Mehta rubbished the allegation and told TOI that both parties could use the cycle symbol in those seats where there would be no clash. On the remaining seats, a draw of lots will decide who would keep the cycle.While the SP has fielded candidates in 127 civic wards, J&K; Panthers Party general secretary Rajiv Khosla said their candidates would contest from 26 wards.Meanwhile, both the Jharkhand Mukti Morcha and Maharashtra's Shiv Sena want to use the bow and arrow symbol. In their respective states, both have this symbol. But both have agreed to share the symbol in Delhi in accordance with the Commission's decision to conduct a draw of lots on seats where both parties will contest, and take the bow and arrow where they don't face each other.Between Thursday and Friday evening, 27 candidates withdrew their nomination. Candidates can withdraw their nomination till Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12477017", "title": "Leprosy patients attend screening camp", "text": "KANPUR: As many as 36 leprosy patients took part in free leprosy screening camp for reconstructive surgery organized by district leprosy department at Ramadevi on Friday.\"Two patients were referred from CHC of Ghatampur, four from Bheetergaon, five from Bidhnoo, two from Sarsaul, one from Chaubepur, two from Kalyanpur, six from Bilhaur, one from Shivrajpur and 13 from the city area,\" chief medical officer Jai Singh said.All the patients were provided free kits comprising first-aid treatment. Exercisers were also given to claw-hand patient.This one-time intensive activity is happening for the second time in the city in past two years. In the past campaigns in 2011, the District Leprosy department has been able to detect and treat 25 intensive leprosy patients, who were sent to Lucknow for operation. The health officials also claimed that the leprosy rate had reached .7/1000 patients which is a sign of leprosy eradication.Meanwhile, contrary to the claims of health department of attaining 100 per cent eradication of leprosy in the district, the records of the government and private hospitals show that the prevalence rate has shot up to more than 400 new cases annually.According to the recent report prepared by the skin and venereal department of Ganesh Shanker Vidyarthi Medical College, more than 50 kids suffering from leprosy reported in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12477040", "title": "Windy conditions cause maximum temperature to dip", "text": "KANPUR: The maximum temperature took a sudden dip with high velocity winds blowing in the region on Friday. However, there was an increase in minimum temperature. The maximum temperature was 34.0 degree Celsius while the minimum temperature reached to 17.6 degree C. Both the maximum and minimum temperatures were above the normal values.According to the weatherman, similar weather pattern will prevail in the days to come. The atmosphere will be dry and humid in mornings, while the evenings will be breezy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12476857", "title": "Yeddyurappa govt\u2019s decisions led to regional inequities: CAG", "text": "BANGALORE: The Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAG) has censured the erstwhile BJP government of B S Yeddyurappa for taking decisions on establishment of industrial areas that were not consistent with the industrial policy 2006-2011 and 2009-2014 and also lacked accountability.In a performance audit of land acquisition and allotment by the Karnataka Industrial Areas Development Board (KIADB) for 2010-11, the CAG said, \"The selection of areas for setting up industrial enclaves was ad hoc and showed lack of due diligence, which led to regional imbalances in industrialisation.''Making an overall observation, it said that from November 2005 to April 2011 (during which the state was under the Congress-JD(S), JD(S)-BJP, central and BJP rule) the government had denotified 563 acres and 13 guntas of land. These denotifications were done despite objections raised by KIADB, it added.The CAG blames the irregularities in land allotment and disbursal of compensation for investments of Rs 50 crore and above on the state high level clearance committee (SHLCC) headed by the chief minister. It holds the state level single window clearance committee (SLSWCC) headed by the minister for large and medium industries responsible for irregularities in land allotment and disbursal of compensation for investments between Rs 3 crore and upto Rs 50 crore.THE COMPENSATION FRAUD\"All payments of compensation made by the Special Land Acquisition Officers (SLAOs) for government land acquired during 2006-11 need to be examined to assess the impact of irregularities committed,\" it said.\"Grave irregularities in payment of compensation included in the report reflected consistent subversion of Acts and Rules by the SLAOs concerned in the absence of any checks and balances over their function,\" the report pointed out.The CAG commented that the SLAOs failed to obtain all documents necessary for processing a claim before payment of compensation.\"In 60 out of 340 cases test-checked, the SLAO did not obtain all necessary documents before disbursing compensation. In respect of Government land granted to various persons, the SLAOs did not obtain even the original grant certificates from the claimants in 44 out of 60 cases\", it observed.In respect of land acquired in two survey numbers of Bandikodigehalli village, compensation of Rs 76.07 crore for 235.3 acres was disbursed during April 2008 to March 2010. \"In one of these survey numbers, while the land notified for acquisition was only 41 acres, the SLAO disbursed compensation for 87.5 acres, causing excess payment of Rs 17.68 crore\", the report said.Out of the 235.3 acres in these two survey numbers, 76.8 acres for which compensation of Rs 25.41 crore had been paid were subsequently forfeited to Government by Special Deputy Commissioner, Bangalore Urban, following the completion of an investigation.In addition, land measuring 29.17 acres acquired for two other industrial areas was also forfeited to government. The SLAO had, however, disbursed compensation of Rs 14.72 crore for these lands also, the report said.Investigation by Special DC, Bangalore Urban into the irregularities was in progress in respect of 356.15 acres of government land already acquired for three indsutrial areas. The SLAO had already disbursed compensation of Rs 190.30 crore for these lands under investigation, the CAG has discovered.What CEC probedThe Supreme Court-constituted Central Empowered Committee (CEC) was given two petitions by Dharwad- based Samaja Parivarthana Samudaya (SPS) pertaining to alleged pay-offs to former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa and his family members in issuing mining leases.In its report submitted to the apex court on Thursday, the CEC went into the petition pertaining to alleged payments by R Praveen Chandra who had obtained two mining leases in Chitradurga district under A category (which means no encroachment on forest land). Of the two, one lease was granted by Yeddyurappa as CM and in lieu Yeddyurappa's family members-owned Bhagat Homes and Davalagiri Properties and Developers received payments of Rs 2.5 crore and Rs 3.5 crore respectively. The payments were shown in the balance sheets of the two companies, SPS said.Fixing of compensation delayedExplaining the CAG findings on irregularities in compensating for land acquired, DJ Bhadra, Principal Accountant General (Civil and Commercial Audit), Karnataka, said: \"In terms of determination of compensation, the KIADB Act doesn't prescribe any timeframe for completion of acquisition process. As the compensation fixed is based on current market consideration, any delay in fixing the compensation is fraught with the risk of land owners demanding higher compensation. In fact in seven out of 19 projects, the Price Advisory Committee has not fixed any compensation for period ranging from 11-57 months.\"He said the special land acquisition officers themselves decided the documents to be obtained for processing and claim. They processed this claim and disbursed the compensation.\"There was no segregation of duties and responsibilities which is a very fundamental management tool in the area of land acquisition. None of the special land acquisition officers had been subject to post audit by the internal audit wing till August 2009,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12476379", "title": "How he lost it to a two-decade-old ghost", "text": "Shankar Mahadev Bidari was a go-getter who could weather any storm. Till his elevation as the head of the state police that is. Upset that his seniority had been overlooked, Bidari's colleague AR Infant knocked at the court's doors to get his grievance redressed. Bidari's ability to claw back from any position of disadvantage is legendary. Take, for instance, his becoming the DG&IG; of state police. When Bidari was shunted out from the post of the Bangalore police commissioner, everyone thought that the man's bluff had been called. Amid the buzz that he had rubbed then chief minister BS Yeddyurappa the wrong way, he was sent to the railways as an additional director general of police, by any yardstick an inconsequential posting.But Bidari was not the one to lie low. Within no time he was in the thick of action as he was elevated as DGP (CID, special units and training). More was to come as Bidari began getting the right people to lobby for him. As Neelam Achutha Rao was to retire as police chief on December 1 last, a top seer is believed to have intervened on Bidari's behalf. The seer is believed to have categorically told Yeddyurappa, who was by then calling the shots with his protege DV Sadananda Gowda as CM, that Paapu (as the swamiji affectionately called Bidari) be made DG&amp;IGP.;But a storm that everyone thought he had weathered almost two decades back has now done Bidari in and that too in the twilight of his career. With a month to go for his retirement from the service, Bidari was on Friday shown the door by the Karnataka high court, citing alleged human rights violations committed by the Special Task Force headed by him during operations to nab forest brigand Veerappan in 1993-96.The government had to admit that reports by the National Human Rights Commission ( NHRC) on the alleged atrocities by STF personnel during Bidari's reign were not included in the records sent to the Union Public Service Commission (UPSC) while empanelling him for the post but argued that there was no need for doing so. The court did not buy the government's argument.This is perhaps the first time ever in the history of Indian police force that an IPS officer's elevation as state police chief is being undone on the grounds of poor human rights record. For too long the posting of top cops has been a political consideration.Bidari may go to the Supreme Court but the message is clear. The high court ruling against Bidari is a warning that governments should not promote men of questionable integrity and service record while appointing police chiefs and respect seniority and merit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12475854", "title": "Pipe bursts in Goregaon, supply to be hit", "text": "MUMBAI: A 50-year-old overground pipeline running through the forest area of Aarey Colony in Goregaon burst on Friday morning.Civic officials could locate the rupture only by evening as it was located on the portion of the pipeline that runs through dense forest.The pipeline brings water from Bhandup to Verawli Reservoir via Aarey Colony.\"We cannot immediately say how much water has been lost or how much less water these areas will receive,\" said a hydraulic engineer. \"Only after assessing the damage will we know how much time it will take to fix the pipeline.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12465742", "title": "Sanjay, SRK to come together for KJo film", "text": "Sanjay Dutt and Shah Rukh Khan have come together on screen just once. In the title song of the SRK starrer Om Shanti Om in 2007.But if all goes well, the two superstars may soon share more than just a dance step on screen in Agneepath director Karan Malhotra's next.While there had been rumours about the 'next' venture in question being a sequel to Malhotra's 2012 blockbuster Agneepath, the filmmaker told us that it would be an original idea.\"All I can say at the moment is that I do have a film in mind and it's not a sequel or a remake. As soon as I have a clearer picture I will first tell my producer Karan Johar about it, then share it with the world,\" Malhotra told Mirror.Our source close to Dharma Productions however indicated that the filmmaker's next project would be a rugged action film with 'tailor-made' roles for Dutt and SRK. While the two actors have been very friendly off screen, they had never come together for a full-fledged production ever. This would be the first.Moreover, Karan Johar's production house that was rumoured to be moving away from their favourite hero Shah Rukh is planning two projects with the actor in the coming year. Our source revealed, that Malhotra would definitely direct one of them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12477146", "title": "Cooperative societies to get free land for godown: Gauri Shankar Bisen", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh minister for cooperatives Gauri Shankar Bisen has said the state government would make land available to all primary cooperative societies for the construction of godown free of cost to increase storage capacity.Speaking at a function of Madhya Pradesh State Cooperative Marketing Federation (MARKFED), he said the state government has decided that the interest on advance lifting of fertilizers quota by farmers for ensuing Kharif season would be calculated with effect from June 1. For this, provision of Rs 42 crore has been made in the budget.MARKFED chairman Ramakant Bhargava said 279 marketing societies are functioning as apex organisations of cooperative marketing societies. The Marketing Federation has played an important role in the procurement of wheat and paddy last year. The federation is also successfully operating 426 godowns having a total capacity of 6.5 lakh metric tonnes at 243 places.During the function, Bisen honoured MARKFED employees for their excellent performance in work.At the 42nd annual general meeting of the federation, Managing Director Ajay Tirkey said the accumulated losses of the federation have ended from 2010-11. Federation turnover, which was Rs 1,100 crore in 2001-02, have now risen to Rs 4,025 crore in 2011-12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12476338", "title": "Pay and park at two Metro stations", "text": "BANGALORE: Now, you can park at two Metro stations - Byappanahalli and Swami Vivekananda - and hop on to the Metro. It will cost Rs5 to park your two-wheeler for four hours, and Rs3 for every subsequent hour. For cars, the fee would be Rs20 for the first four hours and Rs5 for every subsequent hour.The Byappanahalli parking lot can accommodate 100 fourwheelers and 150 two-wheelers , and Swami Vivekananda station can hold 140 four-wheelers and 150 two-wheelers.BMRC has given charge of managing the parking lots to Central Parking Services (CPS), a private player. \"We presented the tariffs for parking based on the stipulations given by BMRC to us. This will ensure the vehicles' safety,\" said N Sathyanarayanan, managing director of CPS. However, the decision to have parking spaces and arrangements in the other four stations of Reach 1 are yet to be taken up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12477121", "title": "Old course students get new pattern timings", "text": "MUMBAI: Mandar Raje (name changed), a TYB Com student from the 2000 batch from a college in South Mumbai, has been trying to clear some of his papers for quite some time now. While he has already exhausted his attempts in the previous syllabus and is now trying his luck with the 2006-07 syllabus, he is apprehensive about clearing it even in this attempt as he was not given sufficient time to answer it.Since he was not appearing under the new pattern, he was expecting a 100-mark paper. However, the time mentioned on his hall ticket stated that he will get only two-and-ahalf hours, like regular students from 2006-07 onwards. Believing it was a printing error, he entered the exam hall on Thursday, half-expecting to be asked to leave within the stipulated time. For the same paper that he appeared even in October, Raje was given full three hours and he attempted the 100-mark paper.This paper spoke to at least three affected students from batches between 2000-05. These students will have their last attempt in October. If they fail to clear their paper, they will have to study an entirely new syllabus.Raje said, \"We are working and hence unable to devote full time to studies. This year I was sure about clearing the paper, now I'm worried about losing out on marks as we were not given three hours.\"\"These students are automatically considered for the question paper in the old course. But if they were given only two-and-a-half hours, there is a printing error in the hall ticket. The students need to give a written application to the controller of examination and their marks can be calculated proportionally out of 100,\" said a university official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "tokyo", "code": "12481397", "title": "Yahoo Japan: Smartphones our priority", "text": "TOKYO: Yahoo Japan Corp said it plans to accelerate development of mobile-device applications as the number of smartphone users rises.\"The one thing I've decided is to make smartphones our priority,\" Manabu Miyasaka, 44, who will become chief executive officer of Yahoo Japan on April 1, said in an interview in Tokyo yesterday. \"That market will grow much faster than the personal-computer market.\"Miyasaka is replacing Masahiro Inoue, 55, as part of a management overhaul that includes creating a new position to oversee smartphone services. Shin Murakami, 35, will be chief mobile officer from April, while Toshiki Ohya, 42, has been named chief financial officer in a shake-up that will reduce the average age of Yahoo Japan's top executives to 41 from 50, according to the company.Miyasaka called back Murakami, who left the company in April 2011, to tap his expertise in mobile phones, the incoming CEO said. Murakami will work across divisions as many customers use multiple devices, including desktop PCs, tablet PCs and smartphones, to surf the Internet, Miyasaka said.Miyasaka, who joined Yahoo Japan in 1997, is currently a senior vice president in charge of the company's consumer business.Yahoo's stake Yahoo is in talks to dispose of its stake of about 34.7 per cent in Yahoo Japan, a joint venture with Softbank Corp , the companies have said. Softbank, Japan's third-largest mobile-phone operator, has a combined 42 per cent stake in the venture, according to data compiled by Bloomberg .\"There's no change in the situation, as talks have been going on,\" Miyasaka said.Yahoo Japan fell 1.6 per cent to 26,780 yen on the Tokyo Stock Exchange, compared with a 0.3 per cent decline in the benchmark Nikkei 225 Stock Average. The shares have gained 8 per cent this year.Yahoo Japan profit has increased every fiscal year since it was founded in 1996, according to the company.Net income will probably rise as much as 7.6 per cent in the year ending March 31 from a year earlier to 99.2 billion yen ($1.2 billion), the company forecast on January 25. Sales may increase as much as 4.2 per cent to 304.6 billion yen, Yahoo Japan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12475599", "title": "Man held for cyberstalking couple", "text": "COIMBATORE: A minor flutter was created at the city police commissionerate campus after a 36-year-old Keralite, arrested by cyber crime cell police and accused of inflicting mental pressure and trauma on a Coimbatore-based journalist and his wife by posting obscene mails and creating fake profiles on social network sites, tried to flee from the cyber cell office on Friday.He was rounded up at the main entrance of the commissionerate where his friend was waiting with a car to frisk him away.He was produced before a judicial magistrate and remanded to custody later in the evening. He was earlier arrested in September 2011 for similar offence against the couple but managed to leave the country.The accused, S Pradeep Kumar alias Manu of Koonnananikkal House in Sulthan Bathery in Wayanad was working as senior sales executive in RAK Ceramics in Dubai. He was making obscene phone calls and uploading digitally modified photographs to harass the couple who finally decided to seek police help. Following this, he was arrested and booked under section 4 of Tamil Nadu Woman Harassment Act, 506 (i) (criminal intimidation) of IPC and 66 (A) of Information Technology Act.Police said Kumar was previously arrested in September 2011 for sending obscene messages and mails to the couple. He had spent at least 15 days in Coimbatore Central Prison and got conditional bail from local court. However, he did not submit his passport before the police and court. After obtaining the conditional bail, he flew back to Dubai and continued harassing the couple. He also started forwarding such mails to their relatives and friends.Following this, a second complaint was lodged against Kumar but he managed to get conditional bail again from a city court on Wednesday. Another complaint was lodged against him on Thursday based on which he was arrested on Friday when he came to the court to sign bail documents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12479128", "title": "I don\u2019t have the hero looks: Saswata Chatterjee", "text": "A normal Bangali chhele without hero looks. But an abnormally good actor with great potential. That's Saswata Chatterjee. He gets candid about his 'Kahaani', character roles and criticismNow that \"Kahaani\" has become such a huge hit, are you going to start using a mobile phone? (Laughs loudly) Absolutely not! I've managed my life quite well without the irritating presence of a mobile phone so far. Bob or not, I'll keep doing just that. Mobile phones can make people extremely unsociable; I don't like that.What if more Bollywood directors come calling? Bollywood, unlike our own Bengali film industry, is extremely professional. My not having a mobile phone won't deter any director from contacting me. If they want me, they will definitely find a way to get me.From Topshe to Bob Biswas, it's been one long journey as an actor... Acting just happened to me. In my teens, I would watch a lot of theatre and enact scenes in front of the mirror. My father (late Shubhendu Chatterjee) had no clue what I wanted to do in life. He would pester me about this and I decided to take up acting as my profession. The other reason for my pursuing this career is that it's one of the only professions that lets you travel without spending from your own pocket. I started out in group theatre, acting for Jochon Dastidar's Charbak. He was my mentor. I trudged my way through daily soaps and then Topshe happened. From that time, you can say that my acting ability has spoken for me and provided me roles. Of course, \"Kahaani\" was a huge break. Playing Bob Biswas was nothing but fate smiling down on me.How did the \"Kahaani\" offer come your way? When Sujoy called me up and offered me this role, I was extremely surprised. I mean, Bollywood has loads of talented people, who could have done an equally good job! So why me? Sujoy claimed that he knew me from childhood. His maternal uncle's house was just opposite mine. He had seen me in films and wanted no one but me. The confidence that he's shown in me helped a lot while filming.How was it shooting for a thriller in Kolkata? Oh, we had a lot of fun! And I'm very thankful to the people of Kolkata. Without their cooperation, this film couldn't have happened. We shot chase sequences in the narrow alleys of north Kolkata with a Bollywood star like Vidya. But we didn't have any problems. Moreover, shooting for a Hindi film is way different from shooting for a Bengali movie. Their organizational ability and professionalism are something to watch and learn from. It was a very enriching experience.How did you prepare for Bob Biswas? Did the character have your inputs too? While briefing me, Sujoy would call me \"Binito Bob\" (Polite Bob). We discussed him threadbare and decided to give Bob a belly and a balding head. Then I thought why not invest Bob with an idiosyncrasy? So I decided to show him rubbing his nails. I've seen many balding men constantly do that to increase hair growth. That mannerism was my brainchild and it worked fabulously! Many people told me later that they were very impressed with that little detailing.Did you have any clue that the character would garner this sort of fan following? I'm still stunned by the craze about Bob. Usha Uthup was the first person to congratulate me. She called from Kochi, where she'd watched the film with her family, and said, \"Darling, I didn't know you could be so mean!\" Then my wife showed the pages on social networking sites and I was just stupefied. Calcutta Times also reported how fans were planning to come out with a graphic novel on the character. Films have been made on cartoon characters, but a graphic novel on a serial killer from a film - I don't think that's happened before! I feel very humble that people are appreciating my role so much.So many years in Tollywood, and it took Kolkata a Bollywood movie to start raving about Saswata Chatterjee the actor... I don't think that's true. Yes , the attention I'm getting is quite unbelievable, but the audience here has always been supportive. Being a Bollywood film, \"Kahaani\" can reach a larger number of people and that's worked in my favour. But people, whether in the industry or outside, have always acknowledged my hard work. Finally, that's what paid off - hence, the praise for Bob.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12476302", "title": "First complaint against Tatra came in 2009", "text": "BANGALORE: While General V K Singh has only now alleged bribery to ensure continuation of supply of heavy duty trucks from BEML to the Army, the first signs of alleged irregularities in BEML relating to Tatra trucks surfaced in August and October 2009, and later in December 2011, with an activist, Dr N Hanumanthappa, raising the alarm.The activist wrote letters three times: first to Congress president Sonia Gandhi , then to President of India in 2009, and finally to the Prime Minister, defence minister and Sonia once again in December 2011 claiming there was corruption in BEML and that its chairman needed to be investigated.Hanumanthappa, who is president of the All-India SC/ST, BC, Minorities Association, first raised the issue of alleged irregularities in Tatra supplies to the Army by enclosing a confidential report prepared on the Tatra supplies by a senior BEML official. Hanumanthappa told TOI, \"I wrote a letter on August 26, 2009, to defence minister stating that I had enclosed a memorandum on irregularities in BEML, which was basically a confidential report of the assistant general manager of BEML on Tatra truck issue. I sought action and clarification. I did not mention the word Tatra as the confidential report had details about Tatra.\"Hanumanthappa added, \"A senior BEML official, Ashoka S N, told me that there was cheating going on in the Tatra truck supplies. He had compiled a confidential report in that regard and passed it on to me. I had approached the sales department in BEML to address some grievances of employees. In that course, Ashoka told me that there was something wrong in the Tatra supplies issue and that the country was being taken for a ride. He asked me to take up the issue and that's how my complaint came about.\"Hanumanthappa personally went to Delhi to hand over the letter of complaint and did so to an official in the ministry of defence. \"I did not receive an acknowledgement for that complaint,\" he said.In a letter dated October 16, 2009, to President Pratibha Patil, Hanumanthappa writes: \"Enclosed please see, assistant general manager of BEML submitted memorandum one and two bringing out the corruption ... in BEML to the tune of Rs 500 crores. A thorough inquiry has to be conducted. Madame I request you to give clear instruction to defence minister to hold an enquiry through CBI.\"The activist said no action was taken for two years except that he got a letter from Ghulam Nabi Azad that he (Azad) had furnished a copy of the letter to Sonia Gandhi. \"I again wrote a letter in December 2011 to PM, defence minister and Sonia Gandhi. I received a letter from Chief Vigilance Commissioner in January 2012 stating that he had sought action from the defence minister on my complaint against CMD BEML.\"When asked what exactly was the violation by BEML, Hanumanthappa said, \"I am given to understand that BEML bought vehicles not from the original manufacturer but from a bogus company set up in another name which is now based in UK.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12476192", "title": "Coming soon: Seven new ministers", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Friday said that he will expand his cabinet during the next week.Speaking to TOI, Parrikar, said \"I will have to discuss with my party and colleagues, but you will know who are going to be ministers.\" He said that the swearing-in would depend on when the governor would return to the state.Parrikar had sworn in five ministers when he took oath. But, tourism minister Matanhy Saldanha died of a heart attack, reducing the number of ministers to four. Sources in the BJP said that the new ministers will comprise five BJP MLAs, one from the MGP and one independent.Canacona MLA Ramesh Tawadkar, Mormugao MLA Milind Naik, Shiroda MLA Mahadev Naik, Saligao MLA Dilip Parulekar are the BJP legislators likely to be sworn in, while MGP's Priol MLA Pandurang 'Deepak' Dhavalikar and independent from Navelim MLA Avertano Furtado are also likely to be sworn in.Sources also said that the chief minister may change some of the names according to taluka representation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12475787", "title": "Six unauthorized flats demolished in Andheri", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC demolished six flats at Vandana building in Andheri (E) on Friday. The colony comprises 700 buildings and has been under the BMC lens for unauthorized constructions. For over a decade, court battles were on to resolve the issue. Finally, following a court order, the civic body decided to raze the illegal constructions.Tarminder Singh Khurana, owner of Vandana building and complainant, told TOI, \"We have an occupancy certificate for ground plus two structure, however, the two floors above it were unauthorized. The building is in my father's name and another builder had constructed two floors above it.\"Despite repeated attempts, K-East ward assistant municipal commissioner Vishvas Shankarwar was not available for comment.Meanwhile, the civic body is cracking down on illegal constructions. Standing committee chairman Rahul Shewale has proposed fines-10 times the ready reckoner rate of the area-against those who flout norms. The proposal was prompted by rampant illegal constructions and the move is an attempt to create fear among violators.\"We need to get tough and tackle illegal constructions. Many cases are pending in court and the civic body has to spend public money to fight such cases,\" Shewale added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12476109", "title": "Applications for admission from May", "text": "CHENNAI: Application forms for the Tamil Nadu Engineering Admissions will be issued from the first week of May, Anna University vice-chancellor P Mannar Jawahar said on Friday on the sidelines of the first TNEA co-ordination meeting.Two lakh applications will be printed this year for admission to the 1.5 lakh seats in 502 colleges. More will be printed if required, professor Jawahar said. As many as 104 self-financing colleges have sought approval from the All India Council for Technical Education this year. A government engineering college was opened in Bodinayakanur, in which 300 seats in six departments will also be added to the seat matrix.Owing to the merger of the five Anna Universities of Technology in Chennai, Trichy, Coimbatore, Madurai and Tirunelveli, counselling will be held only in Chennai. The vice-chancellor said it was too early to announce the dates for the counselling session. \"It is usually held after the medical counselling, which is planned after the results come out. There will be no major changes from last year,\" he added. Usually, the rank list is released in mid-June and the single window counselling session held from end-June.Last year, 45,000 government quota seats in self-financing engineering colleges in the state went vacant as did thousands of management seats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12475867", "title": "Candidates seek early solution to TET row", "text": "LUCKNOW: Thousands of TET (Teacher Eligibility Test) qualified candidates staged a sit-in at Dharna Sthal on Friday morning. These candidates have been demanding an assurance of an early solution to the TET mess. Around 15 students also went on hunger strike on Friday.The test conducted for the first time is under a probe (which was announced by the Mayawati government) following charges of large scale irregularities. On February 8, the then secondary education director, Sanjay Mohan was arrested and subsequently suspended after his name surfaced in the scam. He was alleged of duping unemployed youth by promising them success in the test.Vexed over the issue, successful TET candidates from across the state demanded the new government to begin the recruitment process immediately. Nitin Mehta, a candidate from Ghaziabad said, \"The test was our hope to get jobs in primary and upper primary schools. If the government officials are found guilty, why should the students suffer? Instead of rectifying their mistake, we are hearing that the officials are thinking to cancel the exam.\" After protesting for a long time, a group of candidates even met the secretary, basic education department, Sunil Kumar. They were, however, not satisfied with his response. \"He clarified that there is nothing about the test being cancelled so far. But he didn't support us at all,\" said a student.Conducted for the first time on November 13, 2011 by UP Madhyamik Shiksha Parishad, TET was surrounded by anomalies since beginning. After its results were declared on November 26 last, it came to light that some anti-social elements were trying to lure youth by promising them success in the test. The test was aimed at recruiting teachers in primary and upper primary schools. A total of 11,53,155 candidates took the test, out of which, 2.70 lakh candidates successfully cleared it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12478429", "title": "US official to visit India to prepare for strategic dialogue", "text": "WASHINGTON: US under secretary of state for political affairs Wendy Sherman is travelling to India next week to hold discussions with her Indian counterparts on a wide range of issues including Iran and the up-coming US-India Strategic Dialogue in Washington.During her four day India trip, Sherman besides her meetings in New Delhi would make a trip to Patna - the first by such a high-ranking US official to Bihar on April 3.In New Delhi, Sherman will meet with the foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai and other senior Indian officials to discuss preparations for the US-India Strategic Dialogue, to be held in Washington DC in mid-June, the State Department said in a statement.Iran issue will also be discussed during the meetings. \"She will also hold meetings with figures from Indian civil society, higher education , political opposition and youth organisations,\" the statement said.On Monday, April 2, Sherman will give a speech at the American Centre in New Delhi on US-India relations.She will then travel to Patna on April 3, where she will meet with local officials, the State Department said.From India, Sherman would travel to Kathmandu , Nepal , where she will meet with the Prime Minister Baburam Bhattarai, other Nepalese officials and South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation Secretary-General Ahmed Saleem.She will also hold a roundtable discussion with LGBT activists and meet with Tibet community leaders.From Kathmandu, Under Secretary Sherman will travel to Dhaka on April 5.While in Dhaka she will meet with Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina , foreign minister Dipu Moni, and other Bangladeshi officials to discuss a broad range of bilateral and regional issues including governance, civil society, women's issues and economic prosperity.Under secretary Sherman will also visit a Grameen Borrower Group site outside of Dhaka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "12474413", "title": "No decision on extension of industrial moratorium", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Uncertainty shrouds the fate of industrial moratorium in Chandrapur as the ministry of forest and environment (MoEF) is still undecided on the issue despite the last date for its expiry approaching. The six-month extension period of industrial moratorium will come to an end on Saturday.Though industrialists are keen on withdrawal of moratorium, the chances are dim in the light of poor implementation of remedial action plan to curb pollution.MoEF had imposed a moratorium on environment clearance for new industries (and expansion) in Chandrapur, Tadali, Ghugus and Ballarpur industrial area on January 13, 2010. Direct industrial investment worth over Rs 40,000 crore proposed in Chandrapur has been stalled since more than two years due to moratorium. The ban on industries has seen four extensions so far. MoEF had last time expended the moratorium for six months in September 2011. Even as this period will come to an end on Saturday, regional office of MPCB has not received a circular about the fate of moratorium.An officer in MPCB here said, \"No circular has been received or even put on web by MoEF about the fate of industrial moratorium. Chances of withdrawal of moratorium are however slim due to poor implementation and remedial action plan on part of local administration.\" MPCB had given a revised action plan for pollution control in Chandrapur about a year back. While MPCB has been entrusted with the job of checking pollutions in industrial units, administrative authorities such as RTO, police department, municipal council (now corporation), PWD and revenue department have been given smaller tasks in their jurisdiction under the revised action plan. However, its implementation on their part has never been satisfactory.The revenue department was asked to remove illegal coal depots from the periphery of the town, but it had failed to do so. Similarly, PWD was supposed to build a ring road to divert the traffic around the town but no step was taken. RTO and police department shouldered the responsibility of curbing overload traffic, ensuring covered transport and curbing vehicular emission, but these departments too failed in the task. The municipal council was to build water treatment and solid waste treatment plants, but it too failed. \"Timely review of the implementation of action plan is being done. But failure of the administrative authorities in their tasks under the action plan poses the threat of extension of moratorium for more time,\" the office said.President of Chandrapur MIDC Industries Association Madhusudan Roongta is however keen on withdrawal of moratorium. He demanded to put an end to the moratorium for industrial growth of the area. \"Moratorium has stalled development of the area. All the industrial units in Chandrapur have taken steps towards checking pollution. Hence we anticipate a positive response from MoEF this time,\" he said. Roongta claimed that removal of moratorium will bring new industries and heavy investment in the area. While farmers will get high price for their land, local people will have greater employment opportunities. New industries will add to the government's exchequer through sales tax and other revenues, he said. Roongta has submitted a memorandum to environment minister Sanjay Deotale who is also guardian minister of Chandrapur and local MP Hansraj Ahir urging them to push for removal of moratorium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12477164", "title": "Company director accused of raping staff held from Airport", "text": "INDORE: A young man said to be a director of a company has been arrested on charges of raping his office staff while he was trying to make an escape from the city on Thursday.Police said Ashish Anand, son of Arun Kumar was arrested while he was trying to board a plane on. The 38-year-old and is a resident of Hemkund Colony, Delhi.CSP Amrendra Singh told TOI, \"Ashish was director of a private firm In Develop that prepared licenses on contract from IMC. The firm is situated at scheme number 114.Police said, Ashish allegedly made a 17-year-old tribal girl, who recently joined his company, captive for three hours and later raped her in the afternoon after ensuring that the employees are sent out. The victim a minor is a resident of Malviya Nagar and had joined the company five days ago.As the victim girl belongs to schedule caste community, police have booked the accused under 376 of IPC and section 3, 2, 5 of SC/ST Act.The accused was arrested after a long drama. When the girl approached Lasudia police station and lodged a complaint, police started calling the accused on his phone and he was trying to mislead the police for few hours.At last police traced him at the airport at around 8 pm and arrested him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12480475", "title": "Britons spend 15 hours a week on internet", "text": "LONDON: It seems a large number of Britons are addicted to surfing, for a study has found that adults in the UK spend an average of 15 hours a week on the internet via the computer or other devices such as smartphones.The study, based on a survey, has revealed that eight out of 10 adults go online through a different array of devices, an increase of 20 per cent as compared to 2005 data.A combination of older generations getting online, the continuing rise of social media sites and new technologies such as smartphones are being credited for the rise, the 'Daily Mail' reported.The study showed that 59 per cent of adult internet users have a profile on a social networking site. Of those, two-thirds visit the sites every day, up from a third in 2007.It suggests that while the take-up of the internet has slowed among younger generations, as most are now already online, growth is being driven by older age groups such as 45 to 54-year-olds, part of the \"silver surfer \" phenomenon.Internet access for this group has shot up by 10 percentage points in a year to 87 per cent.The research also found the overall estimated weekly internet use had increased from an average of 14.2 hours in 2010 to 15.1 hours last year. Despite the array of portable devices available to access the internet, home usage also increased, from 9.4 to 10.5 hours.Bob Warner, chairman of the Communications Consumer Panel, which advises media regulator Ofcom that carried out the survey, said: \"People over 65 are still less likely to be online, and more likely to say they don't intend to get the internet at home.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "ferozepur road", "code": "12476875", "title": "Kirandeep paints her heart out", "text": "FEROZEPUR ROAD: It was a special day for Kirandeep Kaur as after years of hardwork and planning she was finally able to exhibit her paintings in a solo exhibition. With her first solo exhibition on Friday, Kiran has finally been able to fulfill her long awaited dream. Kirandeep's exhibition will continue till April 5.Kirandeep, 38, said, ''Earlier too I had exhibited my art in Ludhiana, but those were group exhibitions. In 1996, I took part in painting exhibition that was held at Sutlej Club and that exposure helped boost my morale.''Kirandeep has been working very hard for this exhibition since 2009. She says, ''For this exhibition I have picked up themes which include flowers, Buddha, Hindu deities and Sikh gurus.''Talking about how it all started, she adds, ''Since childhood painting has been my passion. In school I regularly participated in drawing competitions and that helped develop my talent further.''Graduate in fine arts, Kirandeep said, ''Till date, I have painted more than 200 canvases. I generally use oil and acrylics in my painting. I like to work on combination of abstract and realistic art forms.''Resident of Dugri, Kirandeep's painting workshop is at her residence. I usually spend around eight hours painting everyday. ''Art lovers from US, UK, Canada, Norway and Denmark have purchased my paintings. It makes me really proud that my work is appreciated all over the world.''Painting is a source of relaxation for Kirandeep. She adds, ''Painting is like therapy for me. Whenever I feel unhappy, I just start painting. It takes me away for all the tensions and pressures of life.''She said, ''After this exhibition, I'm planning another one. This exhibition could not possible without the help of my friend Kamaljeet Kaur. Being one of my closest friend she understands my passion and aspirations.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12477147", "title": "SC takes Hiranandani to task", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday refused to dilute the Bombay high court order that stopped Hiranandani Developers from carrying out further construction at its Powai township without first providing affordable housing.Abench of Justices H L Dattu and C K Prasad was severe in its criticism of the developers for blatantly breaching a 1986 agreement with the state government and the MMRDA by which the group was allowed to develop 230 acres of land in Powai to construct affordable houses and hand over part of them to the state at cheap rates.\"We feel so sorry that private land was purchased by the government and given to you for development. That place was meant for below middle class people. But you built palaces for those who can afford Bentleys and Ferraris,\" the bench said.In 1986, the state passed an award determining the compensation at the rate of Re 1 per hectare for the lands acquired from landholders. In return, the Hiranandanis were to construct affordable flats-half of 431 sq ft (40 sq m) and the rest of 861 sq ft (80 sq m). Beyond this, 15% of the flats were to be given to the state at Rs 135 per sq ft.The palatial houses built by Hiranandani Developers in Powai in violation of the agreement with the state government had prompted the Bombay high court to pass an order on February 22, directing the developer to stop all construction activity on the remaining plots under the Powai Area Development Scheme (PADS) and specify the vacancy position before the court. The HC order came in the wake of a public interest litigation filed by a group of social activists led by Medha Patkar, and two local residents.The high court had directed the Hiranandanis to construct around 3,100 affordable houses-1 ,593 flats of around 861 sq ft (80 sq m) and 1,511 flats of 430 sq ft (40 sq m). Around 450 apartments from this lot, the court said, have to be offered to the state at a rate of Rs 135 per sq ft, which the government can then sell to its employees. Once these instructions have been complied with, the court said, the developer would have to take its permission and only then can it can embark on making further construction on the remaining land. The could had also allowed the petitioners to file criminal cases against the builder and \"errant\" government officers.The Supreme Court bench on Friday asked senior advocates Mukul Rohatgi and Gopal Subramanaim, \"As it is, middle class people in Mumbai are residing on roads. Can they afford even a square inch of land?\"When Rohatgi attempted to justify the developer's action by referring to the buildings and hospital built by them as part of PADS, the bench said, \"The quality of houses is bound to be the best as it is for those people who can afford Bentleys and Ferraris . What we see is palaces-... Can you show us if you have built even a single house of 40 or 80 square metre?\"MMRDA counsel Shekhar Naphade informed the bench that \"there has been rampant collusion between the officials of MMRDA and the developer in how the agreement was breached.\"Though the court permitted the Hiranandanis to withdraw their appeal and pursue options before the Bombay high court, the court did not mince words and said, \"It is all an eyewash. What are we doing in this country.... Do we encourage only a set of people in this country. Do other persons not have a right too?\"It said, \"This sort of collusion between the developer and officials of state is contrary to the specific understanding on which the lands were acquired. HC has said what you are expected to do, saying out of 230 acres earmark 92 acres for downtrodden .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12476547", "title": "HLL sets up science lab for school", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The students of Government UPS, Cheruvakkal, received a surprise gift last week when officials from HLL Lifecare came to the school to set up a science laboratory.The initiative is part of the company's corporate social responsibility programme.The laboratory was set up complete with apparatus, diagrams and charts to help children of the school with their scientific learning.The particular school was chosen as it situated close to HLL's factory at Akkulam and caters to around 70 children of poor socio-economic background from the locality.HLL chairman and managing director M Ayyappan inaugurated the lab. He said that the company's CSR policy gave thrust to three pillars of sustainable development - social, environmental and economical.Ward councillor V R Sini presided over the function, headmistress K Rajeshwary and staff secretary Santhosh Kumar spoke on the occasion. Recently, HLL Lifecare set up a park at Oolanpara Government L P School near its Peroorkada factory as part of its CSR interventions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12476435", "title": "Councillors get additional funds for division development", "text": "KOCHI: Kochi Corporation has increased the division funds for councillors from Rs 30 lakh to Rs 40 lakh. The announcement was made on Friday, when the 2012-13 budget was put for the council's approval. Mayor Tony Chammany said the corporation expected to generate revenue of Rs 7.5 crore by regularizing illegal advertisements and streamlining licence fee collection. He added that hoardings and advertisements occupy about 7 lakh square feet of space in the city.Regarding construction of rail over-bridge (ROB) at Pachalam, he said the Centre had already sanctioned the project, and has allocated a funding of Rs 7 crore. But, corporation will have to raise Rs 150 crore for land acquisition process. The local body will have to acquire about 30 metre of land, which includes space for constructing approach road. Taking into consideration the demand of opposition councillors to construct a 22 metre wide ROB, the mayor stated that the town planning committee will study the issue. The budget proposal was to construct a 12 metre wide ROB.On the waste management facilities that are to be put in place in Kochi, Chammany informed the council that 175 residential apartment complexes in the city had their own waste disposal system. This system is yet to be implemented in another 86 apartment complexes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12476315", "title": "Goa law panel to relinquish office today", "text": "PANAJI: The 3-member law commission of Goa under the chairmanship of Ramakant Khalap will relinquish office on Saturday by submitting a compilation of its 22 reports prepared during its three years in office. The term of the law commission was due to end officially on April 6, 2012.Briefing the media, Khalap said the commission was winding up its activities with a \"great sense of achievement and satisfaction\" even though he later admitted that the previous Congress-led government had implemented very little from their 22 reports. It was the Congress government that had set up the commission on April 6, 2009.Khalap told TOI that the commission was winding up its work on March 31 itself and that there is no need for submitting resignations as the commission is officially ending its term in a few more days.Addressing the media, Khalap hoped the new BJP government would consider their reports and implement their recommendations. He said the compilation of reports would be presented to all the new MLAs of the Goa legislative assembly. Khalap was accompanied at the media briefing by his two colleagues, advocate Cleofato Coutinho and advocate Mario Almeida.Khalap gave a detailed briefing about some of his commission's reports and the issues they sought to address. The first report the commission prepared was the introduction of sunset clause to limit and bring finality for the registration and vesting of ownership rights on the mundkars by amending the Goa, Daman and Diu Mundkar (Protection from Eviction) Act, 1975. Khalap said that though there are landlords who want to protect their ownership rights, there are still mundkars and tenants in Goa who have not registered themselves as required.Khalap spoke of the commission's report on creating \"public crematoria and burial places\" in Goa as there were many incidents in the state where bodies of people could not be buried in existing burial grounds or cremated in existing crematoriums because the dead did not belong to a particular place, caste or religion. Khalap praised the commission's version of the Goa Lokayukta Bill which provided wide powers, including the power to prosecute. Khalap ridiculed the Goa government's Lokayukta bill which was passed in 2011 as a \"toothless tiger\" and a \"weaponless Durga\".When asked how many reports the government had implemented, Khalap said a \"bit of the mutation report\" and some of the Panchayati Raj report. Intervening, Cleofato Coutinho said that even if the reports had not been made into laws, they were now in the public domain and could always be considered with modifications or corrections. When asked, Khalap spoke of the constraints under which the commission worked. The three members were paid an honorarium but the staff were not paid for nine months. The commission was given 55.35 lakh, spent only about 20-odd lakh and was returning unspent 27.68 lakh to the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "12482468", "title": "Cop sets himself on fire after quarrel with wife", "text": "DEHRADUN: A police inspector on Saturday set himself on fire after an altercation with wife in Uttarakhand's Indira Nagar district, police said here.Ramlal Arya (50) set himself ablaze after a heated argument with his wife, they said. He was rushed to Coronation hospital from where he was referred to a Delhi-based hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12478928", "title": "Parno Mittra to play a sex worker", "text": "Parno Mittra plays a hooker in Agnidev Chatterjee's next which has three women protagonists.The other two characters are played by Swastika Mukherjee and Rituparna Sengupta. \"Parno plays a sex worker who has been raped and seeks justice.I took her on board as I feel that she can do justice to this strong character which has a lot of shades. Plus the trio - Ritu, Swastika and Parno - share a good rapport,\" said Agnidev, adding, \"My son Akaash will play a cameo in this film. I plan to launch him in a big way, if the audience appreciates him.\" Parno, who is busy shooting for \" Dutta vs Dutta\", is looking forward to this film too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12483011", "title": "Amy Jackson's a progressive woman of today", "text": "The pretty actress who made her debut in Kollywood now thinks of this country as homeThe young actress, who was recently in Chennai, to unveil the first year anniversary issue of Femina issue, looked pretty as a rose in her pink dress. All smiles she described India as home and spoke of how the film industries here have welcomed her with open arms. And why was she chosen to grace the cover? Well, Amy being a progressive young woman of today seemed to fit the bill. She spoke highly of the magazine saying it was a friend, philosopher and guide to women. Looks like she's an avid reader too!The British teen queen is currently doing a Tamil film with actor Vikram and has also signed on a few films in Bollywood . As for her supposed romance with her Ekk Deewana Tha co-star Prateik Babbar, her lips seem to be sealed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "12475932", "title": "JNPT stir ends after Chavan\u2019s assurance", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: The indefinite strike at Jawaharlal Nehru Port in Uran ended on Thursday night following an assurance from chief minister Prithviraj Chavan.\"The CM has assured the project-affected persons (PAPs) that land compensation will be finally given to them within three months,\" said JNPT trustee Bhushan Patil. The agitation by workers at JNPT lasted for three days over the pending demand for compensation of PAPs. In 1984, the government acquired land for the port's construction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12476335", "title": "Three companies present plans for 2015 Kumbh", "text": "NASHIK: In a bid to bag the contract for the preparation of a masterplan for Nashik and surrounding areas for the forthcoming Kumbh mela, three firms presented projects executed by them in the past during a meeting held at the Nashik collectorate. \"The three companies presented their projects at a meeting held at the collectorate on Thursday. They presented their skills and exhibited their development ideas, which they have implemented upon at other places. A suitable company will be shortlisted soon,\" Pradeep Poddar, district planning officer said.The three companies that made presentations were Tandon Urban Solution Pvt. Ltd. ( TUSPL), Jones Lang LaSalle (JLL) and Ernst &amp; Young (E&Y;) India.The companies were invited for the presentation following the tender floated for appointing consultants for working out a masterplan for the next Kumbh in Nashik. One of the conditions for the bidders was that they should have offices in the country as well as abroad. The collectorate plans to develop Nashik and other religiously and culturally important places close to it. It also plans to set up infrastructure, employment opportunities, business development etc.Once the contract for plans is finalized, the company will have to present the plan within six months, after which the actual infrastructural development will begin. The things will be in place by the time the Kumbh mela comes around, an official said.The Kumbh mela is to be held in 2015, and infrastructural work for it will be initiated by the end of this year after a report by the consultants is accepted. The government had spent about Rs 300 crore for the last Kumbh held in 2003. The expenditure on the next Kumbh is likely to be around Rs 1,000 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12474939", "title": "The tomb is not Bhagmati\u2019s, claims Zaffar\u2019s family", "text": "HYDERABAD: The tomb on the premises of murder accused Hamza bin Omar alias Zaffar Pahelwan is not that of Bhagmati, contended family members at a press conference organized at Pahelwan's Aman Nagar residence on Friday.\"In 2004 owing to similar rumors the matter reached high court, following which the archeological department was directed to conduct examinations of the tomb. It was later revealed that this was not Bhagmati's tomb,\" said Pahelwan's daughter Zainab Al Jabri, an advocate. She also said that there is no graveyard on her father's property and that the tomb was actually withdrawn from their land. Another of Pahelwan's daughters Farhana Al Jabri, a post graduate medical student, alleged that the police had behaved in a highhanded manner with women in the house when they had come to conduct raids.About the human skull found in the house during the raid Jabri said, \"The skull and bones found were actually purchased for my use when I was studying MBBS at Deccan Medical College,\" she said. Seeking to explain the cash police seized, she said that the money was 'white' obtained after her father had sold a property in Abids.DCP South Zone Manish Kumar Sinha said, \"The foreign currency was handed over to Enforcement Directorate while Indian currency has been handed over to Income Tax department.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12477134", "title": "After marathon debate of 10 hours, BMC budget passed", "text": "BHOPAL: After a marathon debate that lasted for about 10 hours, the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) budget for the fiscal 2012-13 was passed on Friday.Amidst sloganeering and a pandemonium, the corporator fund was increased from Rs 5 lakh to Rs 15 lakh. Other demands of the Congress members too were accepted after they created a din in the house.Members of the treasury benches demanded that the annual funds allocated to the members for development in their wards should be increased to Rs 20 lakh. They demanded that the members should get 50% share of the revenue collected from the property tax for carrying out development activities in their respective areas. After the ruling party agreed to increase the member fund to Rs 15 lakh and to give half the share of revenue receipt of property tax among other things, the opposition went soft.When the house assembled for discussion on the budget, Congress member Hemlata Kushwaha raised the issue of allocating more budgetary funds to carry out development works in her ward in Kararia area. The BMC had earmarked Rs 15 lakh in the proposal which she said was inadequate. Hemlata Kushwaha was joined by the members of treasury benches who said that at least Rs 30 lakh were required for the bridge and culvert construction work. This too was sanctioned.Leveling serious charges, the leader of the opposition Mohammed Sageer said the tax and impost receipt for the current fiscal has been lowered, adding that more revenue has been raised by the levies on property and water among others. To press his point, he put forth the figures of cess, tax collected from his ward which he said were shown in a lesser amount in the budget.The Congress corporators also alleged that corruption was on the rise in the corporation and blamed the ruling BJP for it.Amid the mounting pressure from the Congress corporators, the ruling BJP members remained on the back- foot. They didn't come to the rescue of Mayor Krishna Gaur, who faced the Congress corporators' wrath and maintained silence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12475495", "title": "Corporation plans to treat poultry waste to make pet food", "text": "COIMBATORE: Coimbatore corporation has proposed a plan to regularise collection of poultry and mutton waste from poultry and meat stalls in the city and hand it over to private companies that manufacture dog biscuits and other varieties of pet food in the near future. The proposal was made at a meeting convened at the corporation office between meat and poultry wholesale and retail traders and corporation officials held on Friday.The corporation would allot a suitable area under its limits where it would invite private parties to set up a treatment plant to treat, dry and powder these waste materials to supply it to pet food product manufacturers.\"These waste materials will be treated and used for manufacturing pet food and dog biscuits. We plan to advertise in local dailies inviting private parties who are interested in the proposal after it is officially formalised,\" said TK Ponnusamy, commissioner, Coimbatore corporation.The proposal is part of the corporation's move to regularise the collection of poultry and mutton waste from the stalls operating under its limits in the city and newly added areas. The poultry and meat traders have also welcomed the proposal. Once the treatment plant is set up, private parties can pay a fixed rate to the corporation and operate as per the agreement that would be finalised. \"We will ensure proper disposal of these waste products,\" said M Chinnathambi, president, Tamil Nadu broiler chicken wholesale traders association.\"Extreme care has to be taken while treating and sterilising the waste to make it safe for consumption. Usually only the by-products of animals that are fit for human consumption is used in the process,\" said Dr Viju Vijayan Pillai, a Coimbatore-based veterinary doctor.The corporation has decided to place a red garbage bin in each of the 100 wards exclusively for dumping poultry and waste meat products. The traders will have to pack the waste in bio bags and dispose it in these bins. A private agency will be roped in to ensure clearance of these garbage bins every evening. The traders have also agreed to pay a nominal annual fee.\"The bins will be placed at locations where it will be easy to deposit the waste,\" said S Rajendran, president, Coimbatore poultry traders' welfare association. For now, the waste will be taken to Vellalore and will be disposed by incineration or deep burial process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12474152", "title": "EC countermands Rajya Sabha elections in Jharkhand", "text": "NEW DELHI: In an uprecedented step, the Election Commission on Friday night countermanded the Rajya Sabha polls in Jharkhand in the wake of allegations of horse trading and seizure of over Rs 2 crore in cash, saying the election process there \"has been seriously vitiated\".\"The Commission is satisfied that the current election process for Rajya Sabha election from Jharkhand has been seriously vitiated and cannot be permitted to proceed,\" the 3-member EC headed by Chief Election Commissioner S Y Quraishi said in a 12-page order.\"Accordingly, the Commission hereby recommends under Article 324 of the Constitution read with Section 21 of the General Clauses Act, 1897,...to the President that she may be pleased to rescind the notification of March 12 calling upon the elected members of Jharkhand Legislative Assembly to elect two members to the Council of States,\" it said.While Rajya Sabha elections have been countermanded in the past, this is the first time that such a step has been taken on account of vitiation of the election process because of money power.The Commission's decision came after a day-long meeting to inquire into the source of the huge cash seizures made by Income Tax authorities in Ranchi this morning.The order came following complaints by several political parties to the EC over use of money power and horse trading in these polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "dda to organize coaching camp for golfers", "code": "12475661", "title": "DDA camp for golf coaching", "text": "DDA to organize coaching camp for golfers: Delhi Development Authority will now conduct coaching for golf. DDA is planning to hold a 10-day-long camp at Qutub Golf Course starting April 9, which will be open to all. The camp is one of the four organized in a year by DDA as part of its mandate to promote sports in the city. The coaching will be conducted by professionals classified by National Gold Academy of India. The ongoing registration process will close on April 4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "chandigarh/karnal", "code": "12477058", "title": "Babus as information commissioners: RTI activists see red", "text": "CHANDIGARH/KARNAL: RTI activists in Haryana have decided to protest against the appointment of bureaucrats as state information commissioners (SIC) directly after their superannuation \"without transparency\". They have also planned to move the Punjab and Haryana high court against the appointment of outgoing chief secretary, Urvashi Gulati as the SIC.Urvashi Gulati's husband Naresh Gulati is chief state information commissioner while her elder sister, Meenaxi Anand Chaudhry had also been state information commissioner.After a meeting of the selection committee recently, the state government had reportedly recommended the name of Gulati as the next SIC. However, a member of the committee and leader of opposition in the state assembly, Om Prakash Chautala has already demanded that a fresh panel be prepared to appoint the SIC. Chautala had told The Times of India that he had given his dissenting note in the meeting as there was no panel of candidates to select the SIC.The development has upset the RTI activists, who have already been demanding transparent procedure, for appointment of SICs. \"We would stage protests at district headquarters to protest the backdoor entry for such prestigious posts,\" announced Subhash Chander, state convener of Harayana Soochna Adhikar Manch. The manch has 3,500 RTI activists as its members.Subhash Chander said that they would also write a letter to the Haryana governor seeking his intervention to stop the appointments of retired or outgoing bureaucrats as the SIC. \"These posts should be advertised so that eligible persons can apply. There should be preference for those who already have been working in the field of RTI,\" he suggested.\"As RTI activists, many times, we have to fight against the bureaucrats when they don't supply the information under the act. But government has repeatedly been appointing retired bureaucrats as state information commissioners making our struggle tougher,\" he added.Echoing similar sentiments, Panipat-based RTI activist, PP Kapoor, said that information sought by him in regard with property details of the state bureaucrats had not been provided to him for the last two-and-a-half-years.Kapoor, who had remained at the forefront of using the RTI to expose several irregularities in the working of various government departments, said that it was unjust to even appoint bureaucrats as info panel members. \"The RTI act clearly states that intellectuals, academicians, retired judges or armymen, journalists and activists could be appointed as info panel members,\" he maintained. He said that though seven out of 10 posts were lying vacant, the government had not bothered to fill the vacancies by considering the provisions of the act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12477194", "title": "Universe expanding, driven by \u2018dark energy\u2019", "text": "LONDON: The universe is expanding at exactly the speed professor Albert Einstein has predicted - driven by \"dark energy\" , says a new study.For its study, a team of cosmologists from University of Portsmouth and the Max Planck Institute for Extraterrestrial Physics has examined the period between five and six billion years ago when the universe was half its present age and made measurements of extraordinary accuracy, within 1.7%. The findings support Einstein's general theory of relativity which predicts how fast galaxies, separated by large distances, should be moving toward one another and at what rate the structure of the universe should be growing. The conclusions are consistent with the concordance model of a universe that bloomed from the big bang some 13.7 billion years ago, the 'Daily Mail' reported.Team member Dr Rita Tojeiro said: \"The results are the best measurement of an intergalactic distance ever made, which means cosmologists are closer than ever to understanding why the universe's expansion is accelerating . One of the great things about Einstein's theory of relativity is that it is testable. Our results support the theory and are fully consistent with the notion that constant vacuum energy - empty space creating a repulsive force - is driving the acceleration of the universe.\"These are profound statements that describe the physics of our universe at the most fundamental level. Critically, the results find no evidence that dark energy is simply an illusion stemming from our poor understanding of the laws of gravity - Einstein's theory has passed its most stringent test yet at extragalactic scales.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12475850", "title": "A banquet of colours, emotions at display", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Not too long ago, women were only responsible for setting-up and running households but now the time has come when women have come out of their shell to showcase their interest through different mediums. Taking the thought a step further, 146 women, who have expressed themselves through photographs, colours, graphics and sculptures, have got a chance to display their talent at the All India Women Artists Exhibition organized at gallery of fine arts museum, Panjab University, Chandigarh.Made by women, the paintings see caricatures of mainly women in different phases of life. The exhibition is a bouquet of colours and emotions in true sense.The main highlight of the exhibition was the titles given to the art works. For instance there is a painting with many faces titled \"Many faces look you\". At another wall there is a photograph with a window and its light falling on the stairs titled \"Frozen moments\".A pen and ink of paper work titled \"My pink mobile\" is yet another painting that made many heads turn. \"Sleeping Budha\" on mix media is another painting not to be missed. Artists are from cities like Chandigarh, Mohali, Panchkula, Jalandhar, Luckhnow, Gwalior, Baroda, Delhi, Gujrat, Allahabad, Tripura, Gulbarga, Ajmer, Chennai, Indore, Guwahti, Ahmedabad, Ludhiana, Panipath, Jammu &amp; Kashmir. Five artists were declared winners and 10 got merit certificates by veteran artistShobha Broota.Organizer Simrat Bhullar Sharma, said, \"This unique, perhaps the first-of-its-kind exhibition in the region aims to provide a platform where excellence thrives and women get a window of opportunity to make a mark in the society.\" The exhibition is on till April 4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12475452", "title": "Only 45% of MPs\u2019 funds used during UPA-I", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a sharp indictment of the MPs' local area fund scheme, Parliament's public accounts committee has found that of Rs 17,891 crore made available to district authorities between 2004-05 and 2008-09, only Rs 8,084 crore or around 45% was actually utilized.The PAC report is likely to encourage critics of MPLADs who want the scheme to be wound up for being both under-utilized and prone to leakages with the panel finding \"significant shortfalls in utilization of funds\" and observed that guidelines do not seem to have made any difference.The panel also discovered that unspent balances of present and past Rajya Sabha MPs add up to a staggering Rs 3,186 crore as on September 30, 2011, and despite a definite timeline of December 31, 2010, for states to complete accounting, the money had not been distributed till last October.Instances of doubtful expenditure, including non-existence of assets in West Bengal and Jharkhand , payments made on dubious muster roll entries in Bihar and dodgy vouchers in Mizoram have been commented on, while the committee bemoaned that an odd FIR or dismissal of lowly staff is hardly likely to stem the rot.Nine district authorities in eight states executed 700 works costing Rs 9.45 crore even without formal recommendations of MPs as is mandatorily needed. In three states, 150 works worth Rs 2.44 crore were carried out on the recommendation of representatives of MPs.Also, percentage of incomplete works ranged from 48% in 2004-05 to 59% in 2006-07 for reasons that include late recommendations by MPs, delayed tenders, inadmissible projects and local disputes. As many as 2006 works amounting to Rs 279 crore in 16 states and UTs remain incomplete for periods ranging from one to five to 15 years.The committee, headed by senior BJP leader M M Joshi, has also pointed to cases of inflated expenditure figures with money being given as advance leading to violation of financial rules. The panel wants the ministry to seek explanations from defaulting agencies and expressed shock at the absence of internal audits.With the panel confirming infirmities pointed out by chief ministers like Bihar's Nitish Kumar , the Centre may need to take a close look at the scheme intended to empower MPs. Just last year the Union Cabinet raised the yearly corpus from Rs 2 crore to Rs 5 crore in response to populist demands despite misgivings that funds are not being monitored or utilized.The government told the committee that distribution of unspent balances does not occur on a regular basis and the Centre \"is not sure whether the accounts have formally been closed or not in case of those states which initiated the process.\"It has been suggested that the government prescribe time limits and set out a \"sunset clause\" that will result in funds not distributed reverting to the Centre.Diversion of funds to schemes other than MPLADs has been found to be a \"grey area\" the committee has called for disciplinary action against district authorities involved in such irregularities. The government has been asked to devise tough measures to prevent such misuse of funds.Improper records with the Centre prevent correct accounting as conditions for submission of utilization and audit certificates are relaxed and have urged that fully up to date data be placed on the website of relevant ministries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12476252", "title": "Mayor approves budget amidst chaos", "text": "MANGALORE: Mayor Gulzaar Banu on Friday approved budget estimates of the Mangalore City Corporation for 2012-13 accepting a proposal moved by independent corporator Mariamma Thomas, even BJP corporators staged a walk out.A move by the BJP during the day to move an interlocutory application before the district and sessions court seeking stay on Banu chairing MCC meeting came to nought. BJP, with 35 corporators, enjoys majority in the house. The Congress has 21 members.Earlier, BJP corporators had submitted two memorandums - one to the mayor on Thursday and other to the council secretary on Friday.They had urged Banu not to chair the meeting as she does not enjoy confidence of majority members in the house.In its representation to the council secretary, corporators stated that there is a need to incorporate changes to the budget and majority of the members want it to be referred to the standing committee on finance for discussion.Incidentally, what was not lost on members is the fact that the budget estimates was approved by the standing committee on finance headed by Sharath Kumar after incorporating necessary changes on February 13. The committee that again met on February 23 made further changes and approved the same.It was this very budget estimates that Banu asked BJP corporator R Shantha to present before the council that met to approve the same.However, former mayor Shankar Bhat's persistent queries on the legality of Banu chairing the meeting when a case questioning her election is pending before the high court stirred up a hornet's nest with BJP and Congress members trading charges resulting in utter chaos.Even as the mayor adjourned the meeting for 10 minutes at this point, BJP corporator Tilakraj almost exchanged blows with JD(S) corporator Abdul Aziz even as he was restrained.When the meeting reconvened, Shantha said since majority wished that estimates be referred to standing committee for discussion, she would not present it.As BJP corporators trooped out of the house, Banu presented the budget estimates, which puts MCC's income at Rs 228.39 crore and expenditure at Rs 228.27 crore, a surplus of Rs 12.07 lakh.The mayor also accepted a proposal to provide water storage tanks to BPL families moved by independent corporator Mariamma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12476935", "title": "Panel to supervise govt publicity", "text": "KOLKATA: Close on the heels of a controversy over specifying certain newspapers to be purchased by state libraries, here is another order that has also created quite aflutter in the corridors of power.It was issued some days ago by the information and cultural affairs (I&CA;) department , asking the district information and culture officers (DICOs) not to send advertisements to small newspapers published from the districts until any further order. A task force has also been formed to supervise the department's publicity.According to a senior official, many small newspapers published from the districts only come out after the government advertisements are sent, and then too, only a few copies. \"We have compiled a list of all newspapers published from the districts, and all of them will be scrutinized. The DICOs of all 18 districts have been asked not to send advertisements to these newspapers until further order,\" said an official.This will not include newspapers published from Kolkata. In fact, there is no DICO post in Kolkata at all. \"Once the scrutiny is completed, we will continue to send advertisements, but first, the list needs to be verified,\" said the officer.The \"task force on publicity and social communication\" that was formed two days ago has eight members, including theatre personality Arpita Ghosh and state president of Trinamool Congress Chhatra Parishad, Shanku Panda. Ghosh is said to be close to chief minister Mamata Banerjee and already heads several panels set up by the state government. Kalika Prasad Bhattacharjee of the Bangla folk band Dohar and Saumitra Ray of Bangla band Bhoomi are among the others.However, a section of the government staff has already started questioning how a committee comprising people who are not part of the government can supervise the work of a government department. Apparently, a joint secretary of the I&CA; was supposed to be part of the task force, but now it is possible that no state government official will be part of the panel.Ghosh has not yet received the terms of reference, but said: \"It is not that the committee will supervise the work of the I&amp;CA.; We have certain ideas and plans and we will work closely with the department officials to implement them. The idea is to make the government reach out to people, especially in the rural areas.\"She said work will be related to advertisements , hoardings, publicity and so on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12475792", "title": "Injured Nilgai found lying on Faridabad road", "text": "GURGAON: An injured nilgai was found lying on the stretch connecting the Gurgaon-Faridabad road and the Golf Course Road early on Friday morning.The injured wild animal was lying on the road with its hind legs completely broken, attracting the attention of the passersby. Eventually, a few early morning cyclists came to the animal's rescue and informed the traffic police as well as HUDA about the wounded wild animal.Rajan Bhatt, one of the cyclists, said, \"The police reacted quickly when they were told about the injured nilgai. They reached on time and tried contacting animal hospitals.\" The NGO, People for Animals (PFA), was also informed and the animal was taken to their hospital. Amit Chaudhary, president of PFA (Gurgaon), said, \"The city is growing by leaps and bounds and the natural habitats of %animals are being encroached upon. Every month, we get two to three wild animals in a %seriously injured condition.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "chandigarh/gurgaon", "code": "12475833", "title": "Up to 15% rise in power tariff", "text": "CHANDIGARH/GURGAON: Electricity consumers in Haryana will have to pay more from April 1 as the HERC has enhanced power tariff by 10% to 15% in all categories except agriculture. Consumers will now have to bear Rs 1,795 crore as additional burden.Domestic consumers will now have to pay 7 to 95 paise per unit more while non-domestic consumers will bear an additional 75 to 105 paise per unit. The consumers of small industries have to pay 95 paise per unit more while rates for the industries based on high tension power lines will be costlier by 55 to 59 paise per unit.Speaking to TOI, state power minister Ajay Singh Yadav said that the commission has taken the decision on its own. \"We can't interfere in the functioning of the commission as it is an autonomus body. But I know that power-distributing companies were facing huge losses,\" he added.Four months ago, the Uttar Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam and the Dakshin Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam had sought the hike in power tariff for the financial year 2012-13 showing a huge revenue gap of Rs 7,755 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12475699", "title": "Luxury sea liners mere transport ships or hotels on sea, I-T dept asks SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Is Mumbai to Mumbai round trip on a luxury liner complete with multi-star facility a mere transport facility availed by passengers? Or, is it akin to luxury hotel amenity?The income tax department raised these questions before the Supreme Court on Friday, while challenging a Bombay High Court decision that had rejected the authority's contention that Mumbai-to-Mumbai round cruise should be classified as hotels on high seas for imposition of higher income tax on luxury liners.A bench of Chief Justice S H Kapadia and Justices A K Patnaik and Swatanter Kumar issued notice to Star Cruises (India) Private Limited after hearing brief arguments from additional solicitor general Vivek Tankha, who said that the luxury cruises were being camouflaged as passenger transport by the respondent to pay tax on 7.5% of the income instead of 25% of the accruals.The I-T department said Superstar Libra Ltd, a non-resident company, was conducting cruises originating from Mumbai and terminating in Mumbai by way of single night cruises to the Mumbai high sea and back (two days one night), multi-day cruises (Mumbai-Goa-Mumbai, three days and two nights) and Mumbai-Lakshadweep-Mumbai (five days and four nights).The department in its appeal said business of Superstar Libra was not restricted to carriage of passengers but its main activity was to provide hospitality and entertainment during the cruise.\"The business was akin to running of a 'hotel on seas'. Accordingly, the assessing officer was correct in estimating deemed income tax at the rate of 25% as against 7.5% claimed by the Superstar Libra owners under Section 44B of the Income Tax Act,\" it said.The I-T department said the cruises were package deals, where passengers embarked at Mumbai and disembarked at the same port after enjoying luxury facility depending on the money paid by them.\"The accommodation varied from state-room to economy passengers to executive suite to those who wanted maximum luxury. The passengers were also charged for their shopping, room service and anything not specifically mentioned under the package,\" it said.\"The charges paid by the passengers of the cruise were not for mere transportation but for hospitality and entertainment also. A plain reading of Section 44B makes it clear that, the approximation of the income at the rate of 7.5% is applicable in cases where the ship is used for carrying passengers, livestock, mail and goods from one port to another. In the present case, Superstar Libra has charged the passengers composite package fee in consideration for cruise, hospitality and entertainment,\" the department said.But, the department's stand was not accepted by Income Tax Appellate Tribunal (ITAT), which had ruled that Superstar Libra was engaged in the business of operation of ships and was entitled to be assessed under Section 44B. The HC had rejected the department's appeal against the ITAT order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "12476427", "title": "Former Nun\u2019s autobiography to expose Catholic Church\u2019s crisis in Kerala", "text": "KANNUR: Young nuns leaving the order unable to cope with the rigors of convent life is nothing unusual in Kerala. But in recent times, some of them have not just left the order to return to secular life, but have talked about the sexual frustrations that go behind the closed doors.Sister Mary Chandy (67), a former nun with Catholic Church's Presentation Convent in Kerala, had quit the order 12 years ago when a priest tried to rape her. Or, that's her side of the story.Now she is writing her autobiography -- Swasthi.To be published by Kairali Books in Kannur, Mary wants to expose the debauchery she witnessed in the convents during her stint as a nun through her book.More than a decade after stepping out of the convent at Perumpunna in Peravoor (Kannur district), Mary continues to live an austere life in a rented house-cum-orphanage (Santhisadan Charitable Society) with 17 orphan children in Pulpally, Wayanad.Wayanad is a district that relies on agriculture and has witnessed a series of suicides by debt-ridden farmers in the last six months.\"All those memories of the life in convents are burning in me like embers. I know when I write it down, it will hurt many. But someone has to speak the truth,\" she says.Though she has been planning to write the book ever since she left the convent, Mary said she could not do that as she was caught in a fight to survive. \"I am not a writer. For me it is more important to take care of the children in my orphanage,\" she says. But as a nun she feels that she has a social commitment to talk about the corrupt practices that happen inside the convents.The rape attempt inside the convent has left an indelible impact on Mary. She says in an attempt to wriggle out from the priest she hit him with a wooden stool. But when she complained about the priest, the church branded her as a misfit.Mary says that nuns getting pregnant and trying to kill the newborns are commonplace in convents. She claims to have saved a newborn baby when the mother, a nun, tried to kill the baby by pushing it inside the tank of a toilet. \"That boy is a student who lives the life of an orphan,\" she said.She feels that the life in convents in the state is so miserable that it is high time that priests are allowed to marry. \"Everyone knows that there is no need to deny sex. But if you preach celibacy, you should practice it. Otherwise leave the priesthood and lead a normal life,\" she says.Unlike Sister Jesme who wrote about sexual abuse in her book Amen: The Autobiography Of A Nun after she left the convent and the Catholic order, Mary wants to continue her life as a nun. \"My life has been a struggle and it has been devoted to care of orphans,\" she says.At the moment, her worry is not the book but the fate of the children in her orphanage. \"I need money to feed the children in Santhisadan, for whom I may have to go begging,\" says Mary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12475726", "title": "Arya abuse: Panel to check proposals for child welfare", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Friday set up a judicial panel to examine if a host of suggestions, given by an NGO for welfare of children, can be enforced in the Arya orphanage in Daryaganj, which has come under scanner following incidents of alleged child abuse by its staff.The court appointed a committee headed by the director of the Delhi Judicial Academy, Santosh Snehi Mann. It said other members would be from child rights organizations and asked the NGO Haq Centre for Child Rights to submit a list of names and posted the matter for April 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12476061", "title": "Beware, you may be 'shot' if you jump a signal in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: Soon there will be no place for those violating traffic rules to run. The picture of a vehicle that has jumped a signal, spotted in a no-parking zone or involved in any other offence will be clicked by the constable concerned and the owner sent a fine notice, as part of a 'beat challan' system planned by the traffic police.This, say police, is an improvisation of the e-challan system that paid rich dividends in terms of revenue. The traffic police now book 10,000 cases a day for violations against the earlier figure of 3,000-4,000 cases a day. \"The e-challan system is a foolproof way to avoid bribing,\" said a police officer.Now, traffic constables will be provided with GPRS-enabled hand-held devices with built-in camera to capture images of traffic-violating vehicles and send the images to the control room where an automatic challan will be generated.\"We plan to buy 500 such gadgets and hand them over to all traffic head constables and constables patrolling the roads,\" the officer said. Once an image is received by the command centre in the control room at the commissioner's office, the address of the vehicle's owner will be verified with the help of a tracking system from the RTO database. A challan will be generated and sent to the violator's address with details of the place, date and time of the violation and a photograph of the vehicle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12476923", "title": "Squatters evicted from Nonadanga", "text": "KOLKATA: After a month-long speculation, illegal settlers were evicted from Nonadanga on Friday. Though talks on driving them away were going on since early March, the government was buying time as the squatters were in a combative mode.With squatters putting up a strong resistance, authorities had to overcome many a hurdle to initiate the drive. When the first police van reached the site around 10.30am, the settlers stood in its way. The police contingent, however, managed to make its way through the crowd and completed the operation successfully.There was panic in the middle of the drive when a few shanties were set on fire. Three fire tenders were deployed to douse the flames. \"Around 200 shanties were razed. Except for the initial hiccup, the eviction was conducted smoothly,\" said a police officer on duty at the site.Over the past few years, more than 400 shanties had come up on the vacant land, turning the area into a bustling colony. Squatters, in ones and twos, started settling in the area from Aila-affected Sunderbans, Maoist-infested Jangalmahal and border areas . Though most of the settlers claimed they had been living on the Nonadanga land for the past three to four years, there are many who moved over in the past few months.The squatters claimed that they came to the land after local youths promised to settle them for a fee ranging between Rs 5000 and Rs 10,000.\"I shifted here six months ago from nearby Mondolpara when some youths promised me permanent settlement here and asked me to pay Rs 9,000. My savings were not enough. Hence, I sold my gold earrings to cough up that sum. Now, everything has gone. I do not even know the youths personally,\" said a weeping Anjana Haldar. The domestic help lived in a shanty with her seven-year-old daughter and five-year-old son after her husband deserted them years ago.On Thursday evening, police had asked encroachers to vacate the place at night. But many were expecting urban development and municipal affairs minister Firhad Hakim to come to their aid.\"Bobby Hakim had come to the area on Thursday afternoon . He had stalled the eviction earlier and we were hoping for a positive response. That is why many of us did not take out our belongings,\" said Raju Das, a dweller.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12474875", "title": "Kerala tourism department wooing corporates", "text": "NAGPUR: The tourism department of Kerala is promoting this southern state as a destination for business conventions with houseboats being projected as an ideal site for such meetings. Banking on its scenic beauty and moderate weather, the department is wooing corporates to visit the state for board meetings and seminars.\"Apart the conventional meeting centres which the private sector is being encouraged to build, the houseboats in backwaters also have a capacity to accommodate as much as 100 persons, and can serve as a site for business meets,\" said the state's deputy director (tourism development) Suresh Kumar. He was in the city as part of the state's campaign to woo tourists. A meeting was held with local tour operators on Thursday.Kumar said the department is also exploring business potential in smaller cities of the country from where this state has not been drawing enough tourists so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12476955", "title": "Plans to tackle water crises lack action", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation's plan to restore and repair city's water resources and formulate a longterm strategy to tackle water supply-related problems continues to gather dust. Meanwhile, the city has been facing water crises for the fourth year since 2009.In 2009, after the worst crisis in over four decades, the civic body had appointed a special officer to handle the situation. Special measures were drawn up. Plans were to dig five bore wells in each of the 14 wards in the city. Every ward was to be given 20 water tanks of 1,000 litre capacity each for water storage and supply.The existing 399 wells and 4,820 bore wells in the city were to be tapped if the shortage escalated. The Groundwater Survey and Development Agency (GSDA) survey had said that 155 dug wells and 1,575 bore wells in the city had potable drinking water. However, these plans have remained on paper as have the plans to restore the city's water resources.In 2004, the committee looking into the possibility of using the newly-discovered water duct from the Peshwa era for supply of water from the Katraj lake to the city, had asked the civic body to draw up an action plan for the preservation of the heritage structure.The committee had pointed out that the duct, 5-ft by 3-ft, still carries ample water. In its heydays, the water duct supplied nearly seven lakh gallons of drinking water to the city, a book by L V Gokhale said.In its report, the committee pointed out that sewage lines could be shifted. It asked the PMC's building permission, sewage and water departments to coordinate with each other to ensure that no fresh sewage lines are laid close to the duct.\"The PMC needs to prepare a plan to protect the duct. Its water can still be used for nondomestic purposes such as gardening, industry and the fire brigade, if not for drinking purposes,\" the committee had stated. However, the plan fizzled out when politicians and the civic administration showed no interest in it.\"The plans have remained on paper. Then municipal commissioner Mahesh Zagade had appointed a team to execute the schemes, but after his exit, they have gathered dust. No officer wants to work with roads and water department. Hence there is no long-term planning,\" he added.In the decade, the general body of the PMC has provided funds required for the development of new water schemes and supported the administration's steps to solve water crises, said Congress corporator Aba Bagul.\"However, no major project was started by the PMC. I had suggested that water reservoirs should be constructed in the city and provisions should be made in the city's Development Plan (DP). But there was no enthusiastic response from the PMC,\" he added.\"The city has no plans to conserve rain water flowing from hilltops and slopes. Rainwater harvesting is the best way to save and conserve water. But the civic body and politicians are interested in new dams and not in easy and affordable ways to save water,\" urban planner Anita Gokhale Benninger said.New Delhi-based Centre for Science and Environment (CSE) advocates that the management of water is best undertaken locally by the people in tune with local physical and natural landscapes. According to CSE there is a need to focus on capturing and storing the rain.NO WATER IN YERAWADA TOMORROWTaps will run dry in Yerawada and nearby areas on Sunday to facilitate repair works at Bund Garden waterworks. The water supply to areas including Yerawada, areas near the mental hospital, Ramnagar, Jaijawannagar, Phulenagar, Sangamwadi gaothan areas, Vishrantwadi, Indiranagar, Panchashilnagar and near Kalyaninagar will be affected. Water supply will resume on Monday", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12477266", "title": "Vivek booked for tobacco use", "text": "MUMBAI: Actor Vivek Oberoi and 23 others were booked under the Tobacco Act after police carried out a suprise check on Wednesday night at city's Mabrook restaurant and found customers smoking hookah, use of which is banned in public. The actor, who is also the ambassador for WHO's antismoking drive, denied smoking but a probe will find the truth, police said.Around 15 hookahs were seized and cops booked restaurant manager under sections of the Tobacco Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12479089", "title": "Jayalalithaa revokes expulsion of former aide Sasikala", "text": "CHENNAI: Signalling a patch up with her estranged aide Sasikala who was expelled last year from the AIADMK, party supremo Jayalalithaa on Saturday revoked the action, accepting an explanation issued by her.\"VK Sasikala has sent a letter to me. She had also issued a statement with the same content. I accept the explanation,\" Jayalalithaa said in a statement here. \"The disciplinary action against Sasikala is cancelled,\" she said.On March 28, Sasikala had issued a statement through AIADMK-promoted Jaya TV, stating she had snapped ties with all those who had \"betrayed\" Jayalalithaa.\"It is an unpardonable betrayal by those who claimed to be my relatives and friends to have indulged in activities against Jayalalithaa. Those who betrayed my sister are not needed by me\", Sasikala had said.Sasikala had also claimed innocence, saying she came to know about the happenings which were against AIADMK's interest and conspiracy against Jayalalithaa only after she came out of Poes Garden (Jayalalithaa's residence) where she had stayed for 24 years.\"This has pained and shocked me\", Sasikala said, adding, all those things happened without her knowledge and this was the \"truth.\"Jayalalithaa, whose move expelling her long-time confidante sent ripples in state political circles, however, said the action against Sasikala's relatives, including her husband M Natarajan, stands.\"Party workers should not have any contact with them,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "muzaffanagar (up) ", "code": "12482923", "title": "Video recording not acceptable evidence of nikah: Deoband", "text": "MUZAFFANAGAR (UP) : Just days after ruling that divorce given in an inebriated condition is valid, Islamic seminary Darul-Uloom Deoband on Saturday said videography of 'nikah' cannot be produced as an evidence of marriage and would be considered illegal under the Sharia law.In a fatwa (edict) issued in reply to a query from a Pakistani national whether video-recording of a 'nikah' can be used as a legal evidence to prove marriage, the Islamic seminary ruled against it, saying minimum two witnesses are mandatory during the ceremony.Darul-Uloom Deoband had earlier issued a fatwa against video-recording and photography during 'nikah' and declared them against the Sharia law.On March 13, the Islamic seminary has said in a fatwa that divorce given in an inebriated condition over phone is a valid \"talaq\".The fatwa has been issued by Darul Ifta (fatwa department of the seminary) in reply to a query posted by a person, who enquired whether talaq given in an inebriated state would be considered valid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12474964", "title": "Businessman robbed of Rs 9 lakh", "text": "HYDERABAD: Three unidentified scooter-borne youths snatched a bag containing Rs 9 lakh from the owner of Mahindra filling station at Karmanghat when he was on his way to deposit the cash in the bank here on Friday.Kanchanbagh police said at around 11 am, Murahari Reddy, the owner of the filling station, was riding pillion on a two-wheeler to the bank to deposit the cash. He kept the cash bag between the driver and himself. Three persons on an Activa came from behind and snatched the cash bag and vanished into the crowd, said police. \"The bag had Rs 9.37 lakhs but some of the money fell down and the remaining Rs 9 lakh was stolen,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "12480723", "title": "Earth Hour to be observed in Punjab, lights off for 1 hr", "text": "AMRITSAR: With the Earth Hour awareness campaign globally getting huge response, World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF) in Punjab has appealed to all citizens to switch off lights for one hour from 8:30pm to 9:30pm on Saturday.A function to spread awareness about energy conservation and save environment will be hosted at Khalsa College on Saturday evening.. The building which is lit daily will also have its lights switched off for one hour.A candlelight vigil by the students will also be held at Khalsa College where a large number of citizens are expected to gather for the cause .WWF chairperson Punjab, Gunbir Singh told TOI that across the continents over 4000 cities had joined the movement.\"By switching off the lights, we will be showing solidarity towards conserving energy, and the larger cause of protecting our Nature\" he said.Iconic monuments such as the Opera House in Sydney, Eiffel Tower in France, Christ The Redeemer Statue in Brazil, Sheik Zayed Mosque in UAE and many more shall go dark for one hour tomorrow'', he added.\"I appreciate that the college has agreed to join the movement and I hope more educational institutions, corporates, NGO's and citizens at large will follow the suit,'' he said.WWF has also appealed all the residents of `holy city' including individuals, business houses, city administrations in whole of Punjab to support the cause.\"Punjab has seen resurgent activity during the last years and celebrated the event. The industry has also taken up the cause with local citizens in Chandigarh, Ludhiana, Jalandhar also and the mayors of these cities had publically called for the city to observe the Earth Hour, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12475814", "title": "Rogue elements trying to create schism between me and Antony: Gen VK Singh", "text": "NEW DELHI: Signaling a ceasefire with an irate government, Army chief General V K Singh on Friday slammed ''rogue elements'' for trying to create ''a schism'' between him and defence minister A K Antony.After a debilitating battle with the government, which began with his protracted age row and then plumbed to a new low of a string of embarrassing disclosures that showed Antony in poor light, Gen Singh struck a conciliatory note on Friday. But it failed to help Antony, who came under fire from the BJP for failing to take timely action to stem corrupt practices in defence deals like the contract for Tatra trucks.Gen Singh stressed it was ''misleading'' to project the entire episode as a government vs. Army battle. ''This is untrue and needs to be guarded against. The Army, and by extension the chief, is also part of the government,'' said Gen Singh, in a three-paragraph statement, a day after he said the leak of his confidential letter to the PM should be treated as ''high treason'' to deflect allegations his supporters were behind making it public.Gen Singh laid the blame on the doorstep of retired Defence Intelligence Agency chief Lt-General Tejinder Singh, who he has alleged tried to offer him a Rs 14-crore bribe to push the deal for around 600 ''sub-standard'' Tatra trucks in 2010, and then this year spread canards that the Army was clandestinely snooping on Antony and other top defence officials.Reacting to widespread criticism that he had raised the bribe issue 18 months after the offer was made only to embarrass the government - given that he had then told Antony that he did not want to pursue the matter - Gen Singh said ''certain steps'' were taken then ''institutionally'' to keep ''a wary eye on the retired officer''.Without naming Lt-Gen Tejinder Singh, who has filed a defamation case against him, the Army chief said, ''The person resurfaced in the beginning of March this year and launched a smear campaign under the veil of anonymity alleging the Army was snooping on the defence minister.''''Once the individual concerned was identified by the Army HQ, his identity and antecedents were made public. There have been a string of selected leaks in the past, culminating with the public airing of my letter to the PM,'' said the Army chief.''We are duty bound to serve our country and to protect the Army's institutional integrity at all cost, even if sometimes have to look within. We have to identify, and within the confines of the system and the law, expose these elements,'' he added.Lt-Gen Tejinder Singh attacked the Army chief for being a ''frustrated man'', who was hitting out at everyone after he failed to get an extension in his tenure. Gen Singh has ''insulted the political leadership'' by stating that ''I can influence the defence minister'', he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12478958", "title": "Lips are sealed, eh?", "text": "Rimjhim Mitra has bagged a pivotal role in Sujit Mondol's \"Paglu 2\" but she's tight-lipped about her role.\"I am not supposed to divulge the details of my character as it comes as a surprise element in the film,\" smiled Rimjhim. Said Sujit, who's happy to work with Rimjhim, \"She plays Kobita, a pampered daughter of a rich NRI business man, essayed by Rajatava Dutta. She comes to India and falls in love with something and eventually asks her father to get her that, anyhow. Added to that, there is a confusion in love between the four characters played by Dev, Koel, Tota and Rimjhim.I zeroed in on her after I auditioning many actors for Kobita's role. We will be leaving for Dubai on April 8 to shoot some important sequences. We plan to shoot in the deserts too.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12476662", "title": "Railways to replace old rolling stock to improve track safety", "text": "PATNA: The railways has decided to do away with the old rolling stock to further improve safety of tracks across the country. A comprehensive plan has been worked out in this regard. Technical experts of the railways have welcomed the rail budget proposal to invest about Rs 1.70 lakh crore on rolling stock in the next five years to run fast trains on the existing track condition as well as on new lines.According to a Railway Board official, though the railways had introduced modernization in 1999-2000 during former railway minister Nitish Kumar's tenure, it is currently facing resource crunch to translate its dream of modernization into a reality. The special railway safety fund (SRF) of Rs 17,000 crore, which was raised by Nitish to replace worn-out assets of the railways, has already exhausted. The railways desperately needs adequate funds to carry out its modernization plan, the Board official admitted.According to these experts, the present rolling stocks are old while signalling is done manually at several places. The absence of fencing at vulnerable places makes the railway network a soft target for terrorists and Naxal outfit, they said, adding the proposed plan would certainly give a new face to the railways from safety point of view.Concerned at poor infrastructure, these experts said while new airport infrastructure has been fast springing up in the country, it is surprising that common people's easy mode of communication, the railways, has been badly neglected. About 18 million people have been travelling by the railways daily in the country. Their safety lies in replacement of old worn-out railway rolling stock, they added.German technology continues to be more suitable for the Indian Railways. LHB coaches is one of them which are obviously free from all kinds of technical faults. But most of the coaches built on old technology have been in news for poor functioning, sources said.According to National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB), about 25,705 people had died in 2009 either due to accidents or falling down from running trains or other reasons in the country. The growing incidents of death on tracks have been a major concern for the railways, said a Board official, adding the railways is keen to reduce it to zero level during the 2012-2013 fiscal by creating awareness among the common people about the need to follow safety rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12476934", "title": "House OKs entry tax reintroduction", "text": "KOLKATA: State finance minister Amit Mitra's proposal to reintroduce entry tax on goods - 17 years after the Left Front government scrapped it - was passed in the assembly on Friday. The Left opposed it terming it as \"regressive and draconian\" .Mitra said only 1% tax will be imposed and several items (including agricultural products, medicines and food) will be exempted. He did not specify how much he expected to earn by imposing this tax.Taking a jibe at the opposition , Mitra said the Left front government, which had withdrawn the tax, had in 2003 sent a proposal for President's assent to reintroduce it. Till October 2010, the previous government had pursued this, claimed Trinamool leaders.Rubbishing the claim, Surjya Kanta Mishra said: \"How is this possible? When is something sent for Presidential assent? Had it been passed in the assembly? Where are the records?\"Mitra claimed this move, unlike in the Left era, will not lead to the creation of 165 checkposts in KMDA area for collecting this tax. \"This will be non-compensatory in nature and totally based on selfdeclaration and self-assessment. The (revenue) collected will be used for dedicated funds,\" he said.The opposition leader's main arguments were based on the classification of the goods to be taxed. \"The Bill in its preamble says certain goods, elsewhere it is mentioned as specified goods and all kinds of durable goods. Is it the same schedule which figures in the VAT list? Why isn't it being specified?\" he asked. \"Who will collect the tax? And what about the importers ? Will the rates differ in different localities? What stops the government from mentioning it clearly? The clause which says that it will prevail over the sales tax and VAT rules will attract litigation ,\" Mishra said.Later, talking to the media, he said, \"By not specifying the goods to be taxed and the tax slabs, the minister is concealing something from the assembly. He is resorting to unparliamentary practices. They feel they can generate Rs 200 crore revenue. The fresh tax proposals in the March 23 budget, in my opinion, can only generate Rs 80 crore. Do they foresee that this entry tax bill will generate Rs 120 crore then? Instead of imposing a new law, wouldn't levying taxes on luxury items have been easier. Actually, they are hiding something. They will end up imposing taxes on a wide range of goods but dither from going public on it.\"Amid the opposition claim that it will only spur wide-scale corruption - a reason why it had been scrapped - Mitra insisted it will do just the opposite. \"The tax will be on value and not on rates. The importers are unregistered dealers. Other states have this in vogue, including Kerala. The Left Front, when it was in power in Kerala, didn't repeal it,\" he said.Mitra's party colleague Sultan Singh highlighted the penal measures the Bill envisaged. With Mishra insisting on a division of votes, the bill was put to vote. The treasury benches outvoted the opposition 52-28.The opposition, however, allowed the safe passage of the finance bill. This bill, among others put to effect, Mitra's proposal for an optional sale deed registration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12477023", "title": "Bandh remains successful", "text": "KANPUR: The jewellers and the traders supported the bandh call given by All India Sarrafa Association. The prominent markets like Naveen market, PPN market, P Road, Sisamau, Latouche Road, Gumti, Kidwai Nagar, Govind Nagar and Lal Bangla remained closed. The markets situated in the thickly populated areas like Birhana, known as the jewellery hub, Nayaganj and Naughara (cloth markets) also remained closed.The markets situated in the minority dominated areas also wore a deserted look. The bandh turned out to be successful following support from political parties like SP and BJP.After 3 pm, the shopkeepers opened the shops and the evening, the situation gradually improved.The jewellers got co-operation from the traders. Even petrol pumps remained closed for nearly two hours between 12 noon and 2 pm.Earlier, the jewellers and the traders took out a protest march from Nayaganj to Phoolbagh. They shouted anti-government slogans and ridiculed the Central government for forcibly imposing the increased rates of excise duty. The jewellers said that they would not end their indefinite strike until finance minister Pranab Mukherjee takes back the hiked excise duty. The jewellers also threatened to lodge 'jail bharo andolan'.The agitators burnt the effigies of UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi and Pranab Mukherjee.The closure of the jewellery stores for past 14 days have resulted in losses worth crores. According to estimates, jewelers have already suffered losses of Rs 800 crore.Earlier, the workers of SP and BJP , traders and jewellers moved from one market to another to ensure that the shops and the stores were closed. Some shopkeepers were forced to bring down the shutters.Raje Gupta, president, Gumti Vyapar Mandal, said that the Gumti market remained closed and the traders sat on a dharna. They raised slogans against finance minister Pranab Mukherjee. The shops opened at 4 pm.Govind Nagar market was also closed. In this market, the second highest number of jewellery shops are located. The jewellers and the traders took out a vehicle procession.Later, jewellers handed over a memorandum to Raja Ram Pal, Congress MP from Akbarpur.Took out a vehicular procession from Nayaganj. Traders from different parts of the city reached Nayaganj from where the procession reached Phoolbagh. The agitators blocked the road and brought the traffic movement to a standstill for sometime.Akhil Bhartiya Udyog Vyapar Mandal supported the bandh. Gyanesh Mishra, general secretary, Akhil Bhartiya Udyog Vyapar Mandal and others gheraoed the residence of Raja Ram Pal and handed him a memorandum which was addressed to the Prime Minister.The traders beat the drums and created noise, saying that they were doing it to awake the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12475026", "title": "Gun education to girlfriend misfires", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In a scene straight out of a Bollywood blockbuster, cops caught the main accused, Chhappansinh Jhina, when he ventured out of his stronghold in Karoli, Rajasthan, for romance. Jhina was headed towards a nearby hill to teach his girlfriend the art of firing a pistol when cops held him.Jhina had masterminded the theft of a precious ancient idol from a village in Visnagar. The 1,500-year-old marble idol of Chakreshwari Mata was stolen from a Jain temple in Umta village on February 19. Two security guards at the temple gate had been beaten up and tied with ropes to cots by the robbers. Jhina was wanted by the Rajasthan Police since 2008.Deputy inspector general of CID (crime) B S Jebaliya started the probe from a theft that took place at a temple on Taranga hill in north Gujarat in 2010. The modus operandi adopted by the burglars then was quite similar to theft in Umta. In both cases, the thieves knew which idol would fetch most in the international market. Rakesh Singh , an accused in the 2010 case who had been arrested, was grilled by Gujarat CID officials. Singh pointed the cops to Jhina.Based on this information, police inspector of crime branch J D Purohit was sent to Dosa in Rajasthan. Rajasthan cops said that it would be dangerous to approach the village without adequate security. In 2011, the villagers had turned aggressive and fired on a deputy SP.Meanwhile, Purohit achieved a breakthrough of sorts by getting cellphone number of Jhina. \"His phone was put under surveillance. Jhina was then trying to strike a deal to sell the idol for Rs 45 lakh in Mathura. He was also talking extensively to his girlfriend by this phone,\" said police. Jhina planned to take his girlfriend to nearby Chandra Dhada mount to teach her to fire a pistol.On March 27 evening, his girlfriend came out of the village on a scooter with Jhina following on his bike. When Jhina overtook the unmarked police cars, police inspector Jitu Yadav rammed his bike from behind. Jhina fell, and Purohit quickly pinned him down. Later, with 80 Rajasthan police commandos, the cops went to his house and recovered the idol.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12476778", "title": "Govt against putting devotees to hardship", "text": "MYSORE: When Shiva temples across India were busy with early-morning poojas on Maha Shivaratri, the historical Srikantheshwara Temple at Nanjangud had suspended the puja, leaving thousands of devotees disappointed. It was only in the afternoon that the temple authorities started offering special pujas on the big festival.Hours before the festival on February 20, one person had died in the vicinity of the ancient temple, and the temple authorities put off the morning puja as is the wont at the temple town. The practice has now come under the scanner with chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda taking note and promising action.Though the temple is open, the special pujas would be suspended in the event of death of anybody, irrespective of caste within the radius of 500 metres (0.5km) around the temple. Called 'Gram Shoucha' locally, the practice is age old, which is in question now. During the discussion of Made Snana at the legislative council, BJP member Thontadarya complained to the CM, saying that devotees visiting the temple are put to hardship as they were not allowed to have darshan of the deity. The Nanjangud temple is a muzrai institution.However, the temple authorities said though temple is kept open, the rituals would temporarily suspended. \"It is an age-old practice which is in vogue as per Agama Shastra,\" a temple authority, who didn't wish to be named, told TOI. \"Devotees won't be stopped from either visiting the temple or having the darshan of the deity. But the pujas are cancelled till the final rites,\" he explained. After some rituals, including homas, the special pujas would restart.\"Such a practice is affecting the temple rituals for at least 30 days annually,\" a temple official admitted. The practice is observed across rural Karnataka.Sri Chamundeshwari Temple atop Chamundi Hills practises it too, by shutting down the main entrance and the devotees are allowed inside for darshan through the east entrance. \"Such a practice is specified in Agama Shastra and it is practiced for centuries,\" said Shashishekar Dixit, the priest at the Chamundeshwari Temple. Agama Shastra deals with the philosophy and spiritual knowledge behind the worship of the deity and delineates specifics of worship offered to the deity.The disruption of regular pujas is more at Nanjangud temple, owing to vast area unlike at Chamundi Hills, which has a small village. Rather than doing away with the practice, there is a move to limit the damage. Rather than observing such a practice when somebody dies within the 500-metre radius, the temple authorities are seeking to cancel the pujas only in case of death reported in the vicinity of 100 metres. \"Experts in Agama Shastras have been consulted,\" the Nanjangud temple authority explained.When contacted, Muzrai tahsildar Yathiraj Sampathkumar said: \"It is an age-old practice. Earlier, the temple was closed at Nanjangud, which is not the case now. We are seeking to cut down the inconvenience.\" According to him, muzrai commissioner B N Krishnaiah is looking into it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12480653", "title": "India to become third largest aviation market", "text": "PUNE: A new report published today by CAPA - Centre for Aviation and air transport IT specialist SITA has forecast that India will become the world's third largest aviation market by 2020.Indian aviation has changed hugely since 2000 when just one carrier flew overseas - today there are seven; passenger traffic has increased from 42 million to 150 million; and the country's fleet has grown from 119 aircraft to 437. The low cost sector has grown massively and now represents 70 percent of the market. The CAPA-SITA report predicts that by 2020, 452 million passengers will fly each year and there will be 1,030 aircraft in the fleet. This will make India the world's third largest aviation market.The joint CAPA-SITA Report on Innovation and Technology: Opportunities for Transformation in Indian Aviation builds on a previous report produced in 2010. It provides an update on the IT landscape in India's air transport industry, and also highlights some of the challenges in deploying innovative technology across the industry. The report incorporates the perspectives of the key stakeholders in the industry and makes some predictions for the future. Indian aviation has seen financial turbulence in recent years, but investment is vital if the industry is to meet the challenges of growth. Total investment in the Indian air transport industry since 2000 is estimated at US $27 billion and is expected to reach US $120 billion by 2020, of which US $80 billion will be spent on new aircraft.To meet the demands of air transport in 2020, up to US $2 billion will need to be spent on air traffic control and more than US $1.5 billion on upgrading security. According to the report, airline IT spend as a percentage of revenue ranges from one to three percent with 70 percent of those surveyed expecting their IT spend to increase. The key drivers for investment are operational efficiency; enhancing the customer experience; and cost reductions. Mobility is a key focus with 90 percent of respondents expecting to increase investment in this area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "faizabad", "code": "12475740", "title": "10,000 guests to attend SP MLA\u2019s wedding feast", "text": "FAIZABAD: Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav is likely to attend the marriage celebrations of Tej Narain Pandey alias Pawan Pandey, the party's young MLA from Ayodhya, whose wedding was forced to be a low-key affair due to enforcement of the model code of conduct during the recent Uttar Pradesh assembly polls. The function is all set to be held on April 15, party sources said.Pawan and Aditi got married on January 18, when the election campaign was at its peak. Due to strict monitoring by the EC, the baraat was confined to only a handfull of people from the bride and groom's families. Now, the newly elected MLA is organising a grand ceremony of the reception of his marriage at government inter-college ground in Faizabad. \"Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav has given his consent to attend the ceremony,\" said a senior party official.A young student leader, Pawan Pandey assumed the status of Ayodhya's giant killer after he defeated BJP's Lallu Singh, who has been holding on to the saffron brigade's bastion for the past 21 years.Speaking to TOI, Pawan said, \"A centralised air-conditioned Swiss tent spread all over the ground would accommodate 10,000 people and will be equipped with all the state-of-the-art facilities. We will be having special rooms for the chief minister and other senior ministers to take rest and take food and separate arrangements will be made for party workers and members of public.\"Apart from CM Akhilesh Yadav, all ministers, the senior administrative and police officers and party leaders will be attending the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12477126", "title": "Gidwani remanded in cop custody till April 3", "text": "MUMBAI: A special CBI court on Friday remanded former MLC Kanhaiyalal Gidwani in police custody till April 3 for his alleged role in the Adarsh housing scam.Special public prosecutor for CBI, Ejaz Khan, told the court that keeping in view the investigation's progress, it is necessary to remand the accused in CBI custody. \"There is vital evidence collected by the CBI which requires custodial interrogation of this accused and also further evidence relating to the commission of offences is to be ascertained from this accused who has exclusively personal knowledge about the offence,\" Khan told the court.Earlier in the day, the Bombay HC had ruled that the CBI was entitled to ask for Gidwani's custody for interrogation purposes in the Adarsh scam. The CBI had approached the HC after a special court on Tuesday rejected the agency's plea to extend Gidwani's police custody and instead remanded him in judicial custody till April 8. The special court had said that the CBI had already exhausted the 15-day police custody limit, as Gidwani was in the custody of the agency for 10 days in the graft case.The HC, however, ruled that the graft case was distinct and separate from the Adarsh scam and held that the CBI could seek police custody for interrogating Gidwani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12476035", "title": "Fire breaks out in textile shop", "text": "CHENNAI: A fire broke out in a leading textile shop in Purasawalkam on Friday, reducing the ground floor of the store to ashes. Police suspect the fire was triggered by an electrical short circuit. No casuality was reported in the accident.The security guard Sivalingam saw smoke emanated from the shop at 3.40am and alerted the fire and rescue personnel. Fire personnel from Kilpauk, Triplicane and high court put out the fire by around 5am.The inferno burnt the cloth racks and clothes in the first floor too. The clothes and racks which escaped fire was removed by 7am.Vepery police have registered a case and inquiry is on to probe the cause of the fire accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12477102", "title": "Students claim paper leaked at Bhiwandi centre", "text": "MUMBAI: Even as the University of Mumbai is probing the alleged paper leak of the third-year commerce paper of Marketing and Human Resource Management (MHRM), a student claimed he was erroneously given the MHRM paper a day before the exam, when he was appearing for the Business Economics paper at his centre in BNN College, Bhiwandi.The student, whose identity has been withheld, told a Marathi news channel, \"After the question papers were distributed to about 20-25 students, a fellow student complained of getting the wrong paper as the MHRM exam was scheduled for the next day. Within minutes , students saw some of the topics that were asked on the first page of the paper and they messaged it to their friends once they stepped out of the hall after completing that day's paper.\"On March 28, a few hours before the final-year MHRM paper, several students received a message containing a bunch of \"important questions\". When students entered their exam halls, they realised every theory question in the SMS was in the question paper.However, vice-principal Dattatreya Bhangare denied the allegation. \"We opened the correct envelope containing the Business Economics paper. The questions were not leaked from our centre. Probably they were leaked by the person setting the paper, to students who go to him for coaching,\" he said.The university's spokesperson said, \"If true, then strictest action would be meted out to the person responsible. The person has maligned the name of the university and disturbed the peace of parents and students.\" The university had initially denied that the paper had leaked, but later set up a probe.By Friday evening, several students had received messages on important questions for Saturday's Industrial Psychology paper. However, a similar SMS was out a day before the Export Marketing paper, which turned out to be a hoax.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12476456", "title": "O V Vijayan commemoration inaugurated", "text": "KOCHI: Justice Cyriac Joseph said the objective of artists should be to create a society where values and virtue prevail.Joseph was inaugurating the O V Vijayan commemoration meet, organized by Kerala High Court Advocates' Association in Kochi on Friday.Later, he inaugurated the exhibition of a metal relief done by Sreeni Paleri, based on O V Vijayan's 'Khasakkinte Ithihasam' .Novelist K L Mohana Varma delivered the keynote address. Kerala High Court Advocates' Association president N R Nandakumar and artist Sreeni Paleri also spoke on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12478845", "title": "Aaradhya Bachchan\u2019s first trip abroad", "text": "Aishwarya Rai Bachchan makes a two-day trip to Dubai with her baby girlAbhishek and Aishwarya Rai Bachchan's daughter, Aaradhya, left for her first trip abroad yesterday. Previously, she had taken her first flight - to Goa in February - with her parents for a three-day holiday.Last morning, Ash left for the Dubai World Cup along with her baby girl. Says a source, \"Ash has gone there for a brand event, which will take place at the Dubai World Cup, one of the fanciest horse race events in the world. Unfortunately, Abhishek wasn't able to accompany them due to work commitments in Mumbai. So Ash and the baby took the flight along with her mother Vrinda, the baby's nanny and her PR manager.\"They will be staying at a luxury hotel in Dubai. Adds an insider, \"The brand people have booked a private suite for Ash and her entourage. When she is at the event, the baby will be looked after by her grandmother and nanny. It was a commitment made by Ash a while ago, so she didn't want to back out.\"According to the source, though the logistics of the trip were a nightmare with a baby on board, Ash couldn't bear to leave her behind. \"Also, she is still nursing Aaradhya, who is nearly five months old. The trip was planned well in advance to get the baby's passport in order. Since this is the first time Aaradhya is travelling abroad, all necessary precautions have also been taken. They will return on Sunday.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12476879", "title": "Govt rapped on liquor licences", "text": "BANGALORE: The CAG has strongly observed that not issuing fresh licences for liquor shops has caused revenue loss of over Rs 48 crore.\"The state government has not issued any fresh retail vending licences since December 1992, even though the population of the state has increased from 4.48 crore in 1991 to 5.27 crore in 2001 census despite demand for grant of licences. During this period though 238 retail shop licences and 225 bar licences were not renewed, no action was taken by the department to issue an equal number of licences to new applicants, thereby government revenue of not less than Rs 48.43 crore was forgone. Further, considering the demand, there was no attempt to exploit the revenue resources through auction of licences,\" it said.The government has also failed in strict implementation of the sale of liquor. Though the rules and the licence condition provide for sale of liquor in sealed bottles, the CAG observed that in many cases loose sale of liquor was made. The sale of liquor was made in close proximity of religious and educational institutions, hospitals in violation of the rules.CONSERVATION OF HERITAGEThere was no coordinated strategic approach to heritage management, resulting in ad hoc approach to decision making, resource allocation and conservation practiceCommissioner/director did not focus on identification and inventorisation of heritage monuments and consequently, a large number of ancient monuments remained unidentified in the stateLand adjoining monuments not been declared as protected despite government orders in March 1998Only 31 out of 763 protected monuments had protective fencing. Nineteen out of 47 monuments jointly inspected had been encroached upon or had buildings constructed adjacent to them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "12479352", "title": "China shuts 16 websites for spreading rumours", "text": "BEIJING: Chinese authorities have closed down 16 websites, penalised two of the country's biggest microblog sites and detained 6 persons for spreading rumours of a coup attempt in the capital after of the sacking an influential Communist Party leader.Authorities have closed 16 websites and detained six people responsible for \"fabricating or disseminating online rumours,\" China's State Internet Information Office ( SIIO) and Beijing police said.They said that those websites were closed for spreading rumours last week of \"military vehicles entering Beijing and something wrong going on in Beijing,\" which were fabricated by some lawless people recently.Beijing police also detained six people for allegedly fabricating and spreading the above-mentioned rumours, particularly through microblogging posts, Beijing Municipal Bureau of Public Security said.The rumours have caused \"a very bad influence on public\" and the websites were closed as per laws for failing to stop the spread of rumours, an official spokesman told state-run Xinhua news agency.Also two major Chinese microblogging sites, weibo.com and t.qq.com, which together have about 300 million micropbloggers have suspended comment functions after they were punished for allowing rumours to spread, state-run Xinhua news agency reported today.The t.qq.com, run by Tencent and Weibo.Com put up an online announcement that they have decided to suspend comment function from March 31 to April 3 to clean up rumours and other \"illegal information\" spread through microbloggings.China's internet was rife with rumours of an alleged coup attempt last week after the shock dismissal Communist Party politburo member and Chongqing party chief Bo Xilai earlier in the month. Cyberspace discussions on Bo's fate have been censored.The rumours fuelled by pictures of battle tanks rolling down in Beijing with questions whether there was a coup were widely picked up by the western media.Some write ups in the micro-blogs even said shots were fired near the Communist Party's leadership compound.A BBC report said \"On closer inspection though, some of the pictures seemed to be old ones from rehearsals for military parades, others did not even seem to be of Beijing, as they claimed, but different Chinese cities\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12476497", "title": "US sentences Ghulam Nabi Fai to 2 years' jail", "text": "WASHINGTON: Ghulam Nabi Fai, a US-based Kashmiri activist who for years propagated the Pakistani line on the issue while being on Islamabad's payroll, was sentenced to two years in prison by a US court on Friday on charges of illegally working for Pakistani intelligence agency ISI.Judge Liam O'Grady of the Eastern District Court in Alexandra, Virginia, handed down a reduced sentence to the 62-year old Fai after the government prosecution sought leniency on grounds that Fai had assisted authorities with the investigation.Fai was sentenced to 24 months of imprisonment followed by three years of supervised release against the maximum possible 5 years (for conspiracy) plus three years (for tax violation).Fai's attorney Nina Ginsberg said he would surrender after his daughter's graduation on June 25. Judge Grady asked Fai not to maintain any contact with the officials and agents of the government of Pakistan and the ISI.Fair, who had earlier confessed to being a paid agent of the ISI during questioning by US authorities, had pled guilty last December to conspiracy and tax violations over the concealed transfer of at least $3.5 million from the Pakistani government.Fai was arrested in July 2011 and charged with participating in a long-term conspiracy with an associate to act as agents of the Pakistani government in the US without disclosing their affiliation with the Pakistani government as required by law.A second accused in the case, Zaheer Ahmad, a US citizen at large in Pakistan, died in Islamabad last October. Investigations revealed that Fai's Kashmiri-American Council was being bankrolled illegally by Pakistani government entities, including ISI.Fai's sentencing was upstaged to an extent by disclosures in court by the US government attorney that the ISI's reach had extended to the so called moderate leadership in J&K; . In a 10-page submission , US attorney Neil Mac-Bride told the court that the chairman of Hurriyat Conference Mirwaiz Umer Farooq is \"supported and controlled\" by Pakistan's ISI.MacBride said Fai has submitted 53 individuals from Pakistan , India and US in his support all of whom urged O'Grady to give the Kashmiri separatist a lighter sentence. Many signatories seeking lighter sentence failed to disclose facts which might undermine their credibility before the court, he said, indicating that some of them were linked to ISI. While Navlakha is a civil rights activist in India , prominent among those who wrote a letter in support of Fai included Rajmohan Gandhi and Ved Bhasin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12475715", "title": "Katara killer questions pay-up order", "text": "NEW DELHI: Stung by the Delhi high court asking him to share the taxpayers' money spent on his security, Vishal Yadav, a convict in the Nitish Katara murder case, on Friday demanded to know from the Tihar authorities if there is a precedent for the same.Filing an application before Justices Gita Mittal and V K Shali, Yadav seeks an order from the high court to the director general of Tihar Jail to give detail about prisoners who have paid the government for their security. The bench decided to hear the plea on April 13.The court had asked Yadav to return the money spent by the government on his security during his numerous visits to various hospitals from Tihar Jail. \"It was all taxpayers' money the government has spent for your security during your visits to hospitals, including Batra Hospital.\"Referring to a jail report, the court said it was evident that the government had spent more than Rs 16 lakh on security personnel accompanying the convict. It had summoned complete records of the convicts' hospital visits on a plea by the victim's mother, Neelam Katara. Based on the information received from Tihar Jail under the RTI Act, she alleged that Vishal had visited hospitals 87 times, misusing his political and financial clout.In 2008, a trial court awarded life imprisonment to Vikas and Vishal Yadav. Nitish was killed for his alleged intimacy with Vikas' sister Bharti .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12480234", "title": "Pakistani beauty queen flees US after duping dozens", "text": "ISLAMABAD: A former Pakistani beauty queen has been accused of duping scores of Californians in an elaborate loan scam before fleeing the US.Saman Hasnain, who won the 2008 Mrs Pakistan World beauty pageant, and her husband Jawad, have been accused of duping South Bay, California, homeowners into giving them money for a loan-modification scam which they operated from 2008 until October 2010.Saman is being described by the American media as a \"scam artist\" who cheated homeowners after impressing them with her physical appearance, including her \"almond-shaped eyes, flawless skin and full beautiful lips\".The money ripped off from clients was used to buy plastic surgery for Saman, and pay for a Mercedes and the mortgage on their USD 2.2 million home.The couple charged homeowners at least USD 4,500 and often more to renegotiate their mortgages with banks.Korina Diaz, a Gilroy waitress who lost her ranch after paying the couple USD 11,500 to lower her mortgage payments, told Mercury News: \"She was really pretty. She wore a skirt suit, high heels, nylons - like a real good-looking professional lady.\"Diaz and her husband were so impressed by what the Hasnains were promising them, they invited 30 friends over to the house to listen to the couple talk about their loan-modification scheme.Many of them signed up and lost thousands of dollars as well as their homes.Diaz, her husband and their three children now live in a tiny apartment after a Florida bank took their home due to missed mortgage payments.Prosecutor Victor Chen told the media that it was Saman's striking appearance that led residents to trust her with their money.After the scam came to light, the Santa Clara County deputy district attorney charged them with ripping off 17 people, a number which doesn't even come close to the real number of victims, Chen told the media.\"The biggest crooks in this county aren't holding people up with a gun...It's the ones ripping people off with a pen or a computer and stealing their life's savings. So many good people's lives were ruined by these defendants,\" Chen said.He believes the couple defrauded around 80 to 100 families.But before they could be apprehended, the couple fled the US with their two young sons to Lahore.American officials said there was little they could do now as Pakistan has no extradition arrangement with the US.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "antarvedi (east godavari)", "code": "12474993", "title": "ONGC pipeline leak causes panic", "text": "ANTARVEDI (EAST GODAVARI): A gas pipeline of Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) passing through the pilgrim centre of Antarvedi leaked on Friday causing panic among the residents of the small town and nearby villages. However, there were no casualties and the leakage was repaired by the ONGC engineers within one hour.The gas pipeline leaked at casuarinas plantations around 10am. Fire officials rushed to the spot, while the ONGC officials closed the gas well to carry out repairs. ONGC PRO Jameel Basha told TOI that it was an operational problem. As soon as the news about the leakage spread, the authorities stopped all the wells connected to the pipelines. The PRO said the operations were restored within a short time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12476537", "title": "Corporation gets Rs 5.7 cr for waste management", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Industries and IT Minister P K Kunhalikutty handed over the state government's allocation of Rs 5.7 crore to the Thiruvananthapuram corporation for the source-level solid waste management and disposal. Mayor K Chandrika received the fund from the minister on Thursday.Utilizing the 2011-12 State Government Funds as part of the Suchitwa Mission approved schemes, the funds were allotted to various corporations, municipalities and village panchayats. The state government has allotted the funds to these local bodies for the modernisation of existing sewage treatment plants, to set up new sewage treatment plants in other municipalities and for source-level waste management.The government has allocated Rs 30 crore for modernisation of waste disposal facilities and to set up new sewage treatment plants in municipalities and Rs 17 crore for source-level waste management. Kollam corporation was sanctioned Rs 2.71 crore and Thalassery municipality Rs 39 lakh. That apart, to set up a facility for disposal of public waste, Rs 5 crore was allotted to Thalassery municipality and the remaining fund will be distributed to various municipalities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12476994", "title": "Buses burnt after man mowed down in Rajabazar", "text": "KOLKATA: Rajabazar crossing turned into a battlefield on Friday evening after a pedestrian was mowed down by a speeding bus. The incident infuriated locals and they went on a rampage, setting four buses on fire, including the killer vehicle. A large contingent of police and Rapid Action Force had to be deployed to bring the situation under control.The stretch between Sealdah flyover and Rajabazar on APC Road was cordoned off, throwing traffic out of gear.Trouble started late on Friday when one of the pedestrians was crushed to death under the wheels of a speeding bus (of route 230). Locals said the driver of the killer vehicle was in a mad race to overtake another bus because of which he lost control and hit the man.While the pedestrian died on the spot, a mob went on a rampage, damaging buses and setting four private buses on fire. Fire engines had to douse the flames.When police and RAF reached the spot, locals allegedly hurled bricks at them. Later, the situation was brought under control.Commuters, however, had a harrowing experience since vehicles coming from Moulali and Maniktala were diverted, causing a huge traffic snarl.Locals complained that buses running recklessly on the stretch had become a regular feature and that several fatal accidents had occurred at the spot over the last few months. \"Almost 14 such accidents have occurred here in the last one month but the police have so far done nothing to control the situation,\" locals alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12476317", "title": "\u2018LPG cylinder supply to be OK by Tuesday\u2019", "text": "NASHIK: The currently erratic supply of liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) cylinders in Nashik will be back to normal by Tuesday following the withdrawal of the eight-day strike by bulkers' transport association on Friday.\"The strike has been called off and though the existing stock does not warrant any panicky reactions, the supply will most likely be restored to normalcy by Tuesday,\" district supply officer Mahesh Patil said.The eight-day strike called by transporters to demand a revision in transport rates in the contract agreement had affected LPG supply from the ports and refineries to the bottling plants in Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh and Gujarat.\"Due to the strike, bottling plants of Hindustan Petroleum, Bharat Petroleum and the Indian Oil Corporation failed to get LPG and that further affected the supplies. Now that the strike has been called off, the situation will start to improve. The first lot of cylinders from the bottling plant should come out by Saturday morning. Since the shortfall is too high, it will take some days before normalcy is restored,\" distributor Ramesh Padekar said. \"The state had invoked the Essential Supplies Maintenance Act (ESMA). Even we had instructed distributors to keep their stocks absolutely clear. We have appealed to the people to not panic. Things will be normal by Tuesday,\" Patil said.An officer from an LPG company also confirmed that the first lot of bulkers are likely to hit the bottling plant at midnight. Initially, the bottling process will be on a war footing and Saturday should see the trucks rolling out in full steam. \"Things will improve now,\" an official said on condition of anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "12474392", "title": "Funds crunch hits SC/ST schemes", "text": "BHANDARA: People are deprived of benefits under various welfare schemes for scheduled castes and scheduled tribes due to shortage of funds, said Hansa Khobragade, chairperson of social welfare committee of Bhandara Zilla Parishad.Khobragade claimed that the government has not given funds for schemes to be implemented in Dalit localities for the last two years. Though the district needed Rs 55-60 crore, only Rs 3 crore were given in the last financial year. This is year is also no different as a meagre fund was sanctioned, she said. 262 proposals were sent to the state government but not a single one was approved. A government resolution has stipulated that Rs 20 lakh be given to a Dalit locality with a population of 250. There are many such areas, but the government is ignoring the demand for funds, Khobragade said.Self-help groups of SC/ST are formed to work as micro entrepreneur. But nationalized banks are reluctant to finance SHGs so that they do not become financially stronger, she claimed. Crores of rupees are spent on publicity material but there is no fund for construction of Gharkul for SC/ST families. The social justice department gives Rs 65,000 to construct Gharkul. There are 10,000 SC/ST persons who have already applied for it, but funds shortage has made them remain on paper only, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12476141", "title": "No land for technical college sans 50% quota for Goa: Chief minister", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Friday said in no uncertain terms that the state government will not purchase land for the National Institute of Technology, Goa (NITG) unless a memorandum of understanding (MoU) ensured 50% exclusive seat reservation for Goans. With no hopes of independent infrastructure in sight in the near future, the NITG's expansion plans from 2014 are set to hit a roadblock.\"The state government will purchase land for NITG only if they provide 50% reservation to Goan students. This decision has been conveyed to the NIT officials,\" Parrikar said on Friday.At present Goa shares the 50% reservation with Daman and Diu , Dadra and Nagar Haveli and Lakshadweep. Goa has been demanding an exclusive quota. Official sources said that in the present form of reservation Goans have to compete with students from the three union territories for the quota.\"In one particular year, if students from the three union territories have a higher score not a single Goan may be able to bag a seat under the current arrangement. Incase of all the 29 other NITs across the country, 50% seats are exclusively reserved for the students of the home state, where the institute is located,\" official sources said.An area of 300 acres, spanning from Cuncolim to Balli, was identified by the state to set up permanent infrastructure for the NITG, which presently functions from the Goa Engineering College premises at Farmagudi. But the project ran into trouble when locals objected to the proposal.The chief minister said that Goa ought to learn from its previous deals gone awry with the central government. \"I have asked the file to be put up. There should be a clear MoU between the state and union government on allocation of seats to Goans. In the case of the Institute of Hotel Management at Porvorim, the union government has cheated us by assuring a quota for the state at first and retracting its decision later,\" Parrikar said.\"If any central government agencies want land in Goa, there has to be some commitment to the state,\" he reiterated.He said the NIT in Goa is welcome but the institute would have to purchase its own land if the MoU on reservation of seats for Goans is not forthcoming.\"If there is no commitment on the reservations, the state will help the NIT to acquire the land provided they pay the amount\" Parrikar said. The chief minister's statement is set to come as a shocker for NITG officials, who have major expansion plans chalked out for the first national institute to be set up in Goa. The NITG, which began operations in July 2010, plans to double its student intake by its fourth year and add a new stream of mechanical engineering to its prospectus by 2013-14.The institute, set up in Goa as part of the central government's 11th five year plan, has started out by offering the streams of computer science and engineering, electronics and communication engineering and electrical and electronics engineering with an intake of 30 students each.By 2013-14, the NITG plans to raise its intake in the existing three streams to 60 each. This means that the NIT will have to prepare to handle a student intake of 240 by the fourth year of its establishment in Goa. \"After the land is identified, it will take 18 months to 2 years to set up the infrastructure. The resources at GEC are already strained. It does not seem feasible under the current circumstances to carry out the expansion plans,\" NITG sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12476353", "title": "Police have no leads yet", "text": "BANGALORE: The alleged ragging case in an engineering college at Chikkaballapur took a serious turn after the student died of burns in Victoria Hospital on Thursday night.Ajmal Hariz, 17, a student of Sha-Shib College in Chikkaballapur , and native of Kannur, Kerala, suffered 67% burns in a fire in his hostel bathroom at Chikkajala on March 22. Ajmal had accused his seniors of sparking off the blaze. He had gone to the bathroom on the first floor of the hostel building . He started screaming and his friends rushed to find him writhing on the floor with burns all over his body.The initial case registered under Section 307 IPC (attempt to murder), has now been changed into a murder case under Section 302.DCP (North-East ) G Ramesh said, \"Police questioned seniors, named by Ajmal , following the incident and also after his death on Thursday night. But there was no evidence to prove their involvement .\" \"We are unable to identify the culprits. I asked the inspector in-charge to intensify the investigation,\" he added.Sources said seniors ragged and forced him to give them money by stealing his mother's jewellery. But the accused seniors were not in the city the day the fire mishap took place.Family members are convinced that Ajmal's seniors are behind the incident. Ajmal's body has been taken to his hometown.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12476677", "title": "NGOs get together to boycott polio immunisation drive", "text": "PUNE: As many as 60 non-governmental organisations (NGOs) in the state involved in the pulse polio immunisation programme have decided to boycott the next drive on April 15 to highlight their long-pending problems related to salaries and allowances.The family welfare organisations working under the All India Family Welfare Employees Association have given a call for the boycott. The government and civic bodies give grants to the NGOs for implementing the drive.While addressing a press conference on Friday, president of the association Pradip Dixit said, \"We have been demanding an increase in payment for nearly eight years now, but the authorities concerned have done nothing. Though we work as much as health department employees of the state government and the municipal corporations, we are paid much less. Also, we never get paid on time and are deprived of benefits such as pension.\"Dixit said the NGOs pay their employees using grants allotted by the government. \"If the grants are not received on time, we cannot pay the employees. These NGOs works for various government initiatives related to family welfare, family planning and drives such as polio immunisation,\" he added.A member of the association, Gauri Machve, said that the employees had benefited of the Fifth Pay Commission very late and are yet to receive benefits of the Sixth Pay Commission. \"The government has not increased the grants to NGOs as suggested by the commission. Therefore, we have not benefited out of these recommendations and, since 2004, are being paid as per the old salary structures. Immediate action is required by the government to pay us our salaries and the difference,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12475383", "title": "Rajasthani labourers seek results of asbestosis check-up", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Around 50 labourers from Rajasthan are holding a sit-in-protest in front of National Institute of Occupational Health (NIOH) office in the city. The labourers are asking for reports of a health check up conducted by NIOH in 2005 to detect if they are suffering from asbestosis, a deadly lung disease.The labourers who have gathered under the banner of Rajasthan State Mine Labour Union claim that they have sought the reports several times in the past, but to no avail. The laborers and their families have not been able to get free medical treatment and claim compensations for deaths due to lung diseases.\"NIOH conducted the health check up of 164 mine workers in Rajasthan in 2005. But it has never given us the report. From its annual report and the presentations, we learnt that more than 90 of the workers turned out to be suffering from asbestosis. Without the report we are neither able to get free medical treatments nor death compensations. Until now, 20 of the workers have died, but none of them have been able to claim compensations because of the absence of the reports. According to the Supreme Court, mine workers suffering from asbestosis are entitled to free medical treatment and compensation of Rs 1 Lakh on death,\" said R K Manohar, secretary of Occupational Health and Safety Association, a city-based organization.After the 2005 health check up which never revealed any report, NIOH conducted another health check up of the workers in June 2011. \"We are now fighting to get the result of this check up. They promised to give us the result by February 2011 and later postponed to March 29. We have not received the reports yet and this time, we will continue with the strike until we get the results,\" said Dharmendra Gorna, secretary of Rajasthan State Mine Labour Union.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12476659", "title": "Fair price shops to remain open for 12 hours now", "text": "PUNE: The fair price shops in the city will remain open for 12 hours a day instead of the existing timing of eight hours, giving more time to the beneficiaries to lift their quota of foodgrains.The new system would come into effect shortly after completion of procedures at the government level.District food distribution officer Dnyaneshwar Jawanjal said, \"The food distribution system at present has some loopholes which can be plugged in the revised distribution system. Opening shops for 12 hours (8 am to 8 pm) will make purchase easier for ration card holders.\"Earlier, there were no rules as to how many days a month the ration shops have to remain open. Many a times the shops used to remain open for a few days before the stock used to get exhausted, even before people could know about arrival of foodgrain for the month.\"As per the revised system, the shop will be required to remain open for a minimum of eight days a month and even further as per arrival of stock. This will enable the card holders to buy foodgrain as per their convenience,\" he said.The fair price shops are licenced by the government. The supplier receives subsidy from the state government for selling rice, wheat, pulses, sugar and edible oil at cheaper rates than the market prices.Jawanjal said, \"The vehicles carrying foodgrains meant for fair price shops will be painted green, which will help beneficiaries identify them.\"Speaking on the condition of anonymity a senior official in the public distribution department said, \"Loopholes in the current distribution system has led to illegal selling of foodgrains in the open market. One solution is to send an SMS alerts to local representatives, member of legislative assembly and some card holders attached to respective fair price shops regarding arrival of stock. Once most of the stake holders are informed, there will be very little scope for diversion of foodgrains.\"\"If 60% card holders attached to a ration shop demand that they want home delivery of foodgrains, the government will also start the facility,\" said the official.There are about 1,000 fair price shops in the city that distribute 10,000 to 12,000 quintals of foodgrains to economically weaker sections of society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12476230", "title": "No ground made yet in probe", "text": "TRICHY: Deputy commissioner (law and order) Jayapandian who was on medical leave, was on Friday summoned back to office to assist in the investigations of the murder of former minister K N Nehru's brother Ramajayam, who was killed on Thursday.From the modus operandi of the crime, police suspect that on the fateful Thursday morning, Ramajayam must have been summoned to the waiting vehicle on the pretext that a \"top police officer\" wanted to see him. On nearing the vehicle, he was possibly abducted. The assassins would not have wanted to create a scene on the busy road as it would have risked their plan of execution, an officer said.Police refused to disclose how far the investigation had progressed at this stage and since the deceased was a brother of political heavyweight K N Nehru, the matter had the potential to lend itself to various interpretations. However, the police would take enough care to zero in on the actual killers and would not parade hired mercenaries to solve the case, DCP (traffic and crime) Ramaiyyan told TOI.Meanwhile, the mystery of a tempo traveller that was found abandoned near the bush where Ramajayam's body was traced, has been solved. Police said the Chennai-registered vehicle belonged to a Christian pastor from Sanjeevi Nagar in Srirangam who had left the vehicle there after it had broken down. Five police teams had fanned out pursuing various leads, including a rivalry arising out of real estate business.A DMK leader said that if the killers were mercenaries as it was being made out to be, then they would not have executed the plan without the help of locals who might have kept a close watch on Ramajayam's movements. A police source said that one of the killers made a call from Ramajayam's mobile to the latter's wife asking for K N Nehru's mobile number and before she could answer the call, the line was disconnected.Meanwhile, police commissioner Shailendra Kumar Yadav has reserved a special line 0431-2331414 and requested public to give any information round-the-clock pertaining to the killing of Ramajayam, assuring that the informant's identity would be protected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "jhansi/lucknow", "code": "12475751", "title": "Woman alleges rape by cop inside police station compound", "text": "JHANSI/LUCKNOW: A middle-aged housewife has been allegedly raped by a policeman inside a police station compound in Jhansi district. The incident took place on Tuesday and the victim reached the Garaotha police station the next day to file a complaint but to no avail. It was only after the victim approached Jhansi SSP Satish Ganesh that an FIR was lodged in the case.In the backdrop of the alleged rape is a case of burglary that took place at the government accommodation of the accused cop two months ago. Investigations into the burglary case had led the cops to the house of the rape victim from where the cop's stolen clothes and some other household goods were recovered. Later, the rape victim reportedly repaid Rs 18,000 that was also stolen in the incident.In the police records, the rape victim's son was named as the accused but he could not be arrested as he has been untraceable since. It was on the pretext of helping the housewife get her son out of the burglary case that the accused cop met her on March 24, 2012, and invited her to his residential quarter. The victim reached the house of the accused on March 27 when the accused allegedly raped her.The rape victim had reportedly told police that she had visited the accused cop a few times before as well. About the sequence of events before and after the alleged rape, the victim told the police that she had gone to offer prayers at Anjani Mata Temple in Garaotha area on March 24. While she was on her way back, the accused cop, Ram Pratap Misra, asked the victim to come over to his quarter situated within the compound of the Garaotha police station.The rape victim said she called up the cop on his cellphone on Tuesday evening to find out if he was there and reached his quarter around 10pm where she was raped. The victim allegedly reached the police station immediately to lodge an FIR but was shown the door.Ganesh told TOI a case had been registered on the basis of the complaint. \"Action will follow if the constable is found guilty. As a precautionary measure, the constable has been removed from his post and attached to the police lines. The case is being investigated by a DySP rank officer to ensure that the objectivity of the investigation is maintained properly,\" the SSP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12481389", "title": "Rajoana's mercy petition to be examined on merit: Chidambaram", "text": "NEW DELHI: The home ministry will examine on merit the mercy petition of Balwant Singh Rajoana, sentenced to death for assassination of former Punjab chief minister Beant Singh, and it will be submitted to the President for a final decision.Home minister P Chidambaram said Rajoana's mercy petition filed by Shiromani Gurudwara Prabhandhak Committee and the Delhi Sikh Gurudwara Management Committee has come to the home ministry two days ago and has been added to the list of mercy petitions of condemned prisoners.\"We will examine it on merit and submit to the President of India,\" he said.Chidambaram said execution of a condemned prisoner has to be stayed once a mercy petition is filed before the President and it should be kept in abeyance till a decision is taken on the prayer. He said guidelines in this regard were very clear.Once a mercy petition is filed on behalf of a sentenced prisoner, the sentence cannot be executed unless there is a decision on the mercy petition.\"So, when we got the copy of the mercy petition (of Rajoana) from the President's Secretariat, we immediately drew the attention of the government of Punjab to the standing guidelines and the instructions.\"By drawing the attention of government of Punjab to the standing guidelines and instructions, does not mean the Home Ministry is expressing any opinion on the merits of the mercy petition,\" he said.The home minister refused to comment on alleged politics being played on Rajoana's mercy petition but said a mercy petition filed on behalf of a condemned prisoner should be treated equally like the mercy petition filed by a condemned prisoner.Chidambaram said during his tenure as a home minister, he has received 33 mercy petitions and all but one have been submitted to the President for decisions. \"I think all mercy petitions are submitted, re-submitted to the President. There is only one mercy petition that is pending in the Ministry out of the total of 33 including what I got after I took over,\" he said.He said 32 mercy petitions have been submitted or re-submitted to the President and the President has taken a decision in 15 cases which is a record -- record for any President or for any period of three years. The home minister said mercy petition of Parliament attack case convict Afzal Guru was still pending before the President for a final decision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12476125", "title": "Public will have a say in framing engineering fee", "text": "CHENNAI: The views of the public will be taken into consideration while framing the fee structure for professional courses in the state, the Committee on Fixation of Fee in Respect of Self-Financing Professional Colleges has said.Committee chairman Justice N V Balasubramanian on Friday said, \"We have asked for views from the public. We will also hold discussions with college managements. We will take all this into consideration while fixing the fees.\"A release from the committee said 164 of the 502 self-financing engineering colleges in the state have sent in their representations to the committee. The colleges have time till April 12 to send in their proposals. Members of the public can send in their opinions on the fee structure of BE/BTech/BArch, ME/MTech, MBA and MCA courses to the committee till April 15.Justice Balasubramanian said most colleges had asked for a revision, and that two or three colleges had asked that the fee be kept at the same rate. After April 12 when all the colleges have sent in their proposals the committee will hear the views of college managements and self-financing professional college consortiums on the fee issue.Heads of self-financing professional colleges have urged the government to double the fee for BE / BTech / BArch courses - from 32,500 to 65,000 for government seats and at least 5,000 more for management seats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12476814", "title": "Squad to deter spitting stopped work in December", "text": "PUNE: The drive against spitting in public places, started by Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) during a major swine flu outbreak in 2009, has come to a standstill.The squad, entrusted with the responsibility of taking action against people caught spitting, stopped working in December 2011 over a dispute. Its members want to be absorbed as permanent workers in the civic body.\"There is a dispute between the squad and the civic body and the matter is in court. We can reintroduce the squad once the legal dispute is over,\" Ramesh Shelar, official on special duty in the civic body and incharge of the squad, said.Meanwhile, the dreaded flu is back in the city and nine deaths have been reported so far. Droplets released when an affected person coughs, sneezes and spits can spread swine flu and other air-borne diseases.In Mumbai, where virulent cases of tubercle bacillus (TB) are surfacing, the civic body launched a drive and collected approximately Rs 2.24 crore in fines from citizens caught spitting from July to December 2011. Nearly 1.1 lakh people were fined during this period.The squad in Pune had nearly 300 ex-servicemen who took up the task of keeping the city clean. The squad imposed fines for littering, spitting, urinating, defecating, putting up unauthorised posters and dumping rubble on footpaths.Not only spitting, but action against other nuisances like littering in public places, dumping debris and open defecation has stopped since the last three months, sources in the solid waste management department of the civic body told TOI.In 2009, the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) had asked each ward office to fine people guilty of spitting and other offences such as littering, dumping of debris in rivers and disposal of household waste in the open.Medical practitioners said steps were necessary to curb spitting in public. \"It spreads diseases. People should avoid spitting more so when conditions are conducive for the spread of diseases,\" said Jayant Navarange, a doctor.\"The phlegm of a disease-carrier can spread air-borne respiratory diseases like TB, pneumonia and influenza and lead to a TB epidemic, if unchecked,\" Bharati Dhore-Patil, president elect of Pune branch of Indian Medical Association.The Pune Municipal Corporation went all out in its effort to bring down swine flu cases in 2009,Suresh Jagtap, head of the solid waste management department, had met supervisors, sanitary inspectors, deputy sanitary inspectors and chief sanitary inspectors working in ward offices. Each supervisor was asked to register at least 10 cases daily against those spitting in public places.Jagtap said the department was taking action to revive the drive now. \"We will write to the department incharge of the NDS. We plan to seek manpower for the squad as soon as possible, so that we can start the drive again,\" he added.Girish Deshpande, co-convener of Spit-Free India said, \"There should be a permanent mechanism to deal with spitting in public places. The administration must look at this issue seriously. The civic authorities can't even control spitting on their premises.\"TIMES VIEWTwo hundred-and-three people in Pune have tested positive for the H1N1 virus in March, nine of them have died. Hygiene in public places is of vital importance for the health of the city and can prevent the spread of contagious diseases like TB, and in this case swine flu. The PMC's campaign to deter spitting in public - started after the swine flu outbreak three years ago - by imposing heavy fines should never have stopped. If a dispute with those tasked to do the job is the reason for the pause, the PMC could divert its health department staff to resume the anti-spitting drive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12482260", "title": "Puri Jagannath spots a Brazilian item girl", "text": "Call it the RGV effect or a funny coincidence, but looks like Tollywood has been overcome by a serious Brazilian fixation! After RGV went gaga over Nathalia Kaur, a Brazilian model who is doing an item number in his movie, \"Department\", it's director Puri Jagannadh's turn to look for a muse on firang shores. He has just discovered a new item girl - Brazilian model Gabriala Bertante. The leggy beauty has been a VJ in a popular national music channel and is also a much sought after model in the fashion industry. The hottie is all set to titillate the audiences in Puri Jagannadh's next movie \" Devudu Chesina Manushulu\". The director is currently in Bangkok filming the item number. Ravi Teja and Ileana are playing the lead in this movie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12477024", "title": "Court dismisses case against Rahul Gandhi", "text": "KANPUR: Chief metropolitan magistrate Peeyush Pandey, on Friday, dismissed a complaint against Rahul Gandhi and other Congress leaders which was filed by a lawyer.The judge observed that the documents show that Rahul Gandhi and Congress leaders and workers had deliberately flouted the orders passed by the district magistrate and staged a road show which caused inconvenience to the public. It was a clear case of violation of election code of conduct. A case based on same facts had been registered and there were no ground to register a new case.The CMM observed that police report indicate that a case had already been registered against Congress MP Rahul Gandhi and others under Section 188/283/290 IPC.The lawyer had filed a complaint under Section 156 (3) CrPC against Rahul Gandhi, Sriprakash Jaiswal, Sandeep Shukla and Mahesh Dikshit and sought an order to direct the Chakeri police to register a criminal case against them.The lawyer had alleged that on February 20 around 12.30 pm, a barat (procession) of Lord Shiva was passing from Harjinder Nagar. Scores of devotees were in that procession and they were going towards Siddhanath temple. The accused reached there in several vehicles from the opposite side and started staging a road show. They did not bother to the protest lodged by the people as a result chaos had taken place and traffic was disturbed. The act amounts to gross violation of election code of conduct.The CMM had received police report in a complaint filed on March 3. The report stated that Cantonment police had already registered a case against Rahul Gandhi, Sri Prakash Jaiswal , Sandeep Shukla and Mahesh Dikshit Shukla, both local Congress leaders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12476248", "title": "Health department to act tough against quacks", "text": "HUBLI: To curb the menace of quacks and to check the method adopted by doctors to dispose biomedical waste in north Karnataka region, the health department has set up inspection teams and started issuing notice to doctors who fail to adhere to the rules.It has come to the notice of the authorities that most of the clinics in north Karnataka have not been registered with the respective district health offices. Sources from the health department said that quacks are operating in most of the villages particularly in Koppal, Raichur, Bijpuar, Gulbarga, Bagalkot and Gadag. Due to scarcity of qualified doctors willing to work in villages, the menace of quacks has intensified in several villages.To curb this menace, inspection teams have been formed by district health offices in all districts. District-level and taluk-level committees have been formed in each district. Each district-level committee is headed by the deputy commissioner and the DHO while taluk-level committee headed by tahshildars and health and IMA members.These teams are now conducting raids in villages and tracking down the quacks and issuing notices to qualified doctors who fail to register and not following proper methods to dispose biomedical waste.Dharwad district is already taking stringent measures against doctors failing to follow the proper bio-waste methods and not registered with the DHO to run clinics. As per the KPMT act 2010, all qualified doctors must take certificate from their respective DHOs to run the clinic but 60 per cent of clinics in north Karnataka do not have proper licenses and only 30 per cent of clinics follow proper method to dispose bio-medical waste in the region, said a health officer.In Dharwad district alone, there are 1,875 clinics run by qualified doctors who hold degrees in homeopathy, allopathy and ayurveda. But, only 1,255 clinics have registered with the DHO.Speaking to TOI, N M Angadi, DHO, Dharwad district said, \"We have already issued notices to the doctors who are yet to register with the department and tracked downed 18 quacks working in Navalgund and Kalghatagi.\"Of the 1,875 clinics, 925 don't follow proper method to dispose bio-medical waste. As per rules, clinics have to be attached with bio-medical waste disposal unit at Tarihal near Hubli to dispose waste.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12478804", "title": "Cheque-bouncing case filed against Rajkumar Santoshi", "text": "A cheque-bouncing case was filed against director Rajkumar Santoshi at the Metropolitan Magistrate's Court in Vikhroli by Reliance Capital Ltd this week.The director who gave such hits as Ghayal, Damini, Andaz Apna Apna and Ajab Prem ki Ghazab Kahani allegedly gave a cheque for Rs 25 lakh while repaying a loan.As per the case, Reliance Capital, which has one of its registered offices at Dhirubhai Ambani Knowledge City at Koparkhairane in Navi Mumbai, provides various financial services though it is a non-banking company. One of the officers of the company, Shailendra Kodia, was given power of attorney in this case.Reliance says Santoshi approached the company to seek a loan. He mortgaged one of his houses at Juhu as collateral. The loan was sanctioned and amount disbursed.The complaint says that Santoshi was liable to repay the amount to the company, and for this he issued a cheque signed by him, which was dishonoured.The amount of the cheque was Rs 25 lakh and it was drawn on a bank which has a branch in Juhu, dated November 30, 2011.Reliance says that when the cheque was being encashed it was returned with the remark - 'insufficient funds'. As per the requirement under Negotiable Instruments Act, 1881, the company through its advocate Ravi Goenka of Goenka Law Associates, sent a statutory legal demand notice on February 18, 2012.\"The notice was served upon the accused (Santoshi) by registered A.D on the same date which was duly received and acknowledged by Santoshi,\" states the complaint.The complainant says that the statutory time required under the law - which is 15 days - was given to make payment of the dishonoured cheque. However, no payment was made. The company further said that the notice after the cheque was dishonoured, was sent in time.However, when Santoshi was questioned about the same, he said, \"I had given them a cheque but I am not aware of this development. I need to check with my accounts as to why such a thing has happened. I will solve the issue immediately. In fact, I am in talks with Reliance officials. If need be, I will give them a demand draft in the first week of April.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12470307", "title": "Shah Rukh Khan assures Charu\u2019s family support", "text": "Charu Khandal is still battling for life at Kokilaben Dhirubhai Ambani hospital.The 28-year-old animator working for Shah Rukh Khan's production house Red Chillies, met with an accident on March 25 when a speeding car, with an allegedly drunk driver at the wheel, rammed into the autorickshaw in which she was travelling with her sister and a friend.A close friend of Charu revealed, \"Shah Rukh Khan visited Charu on March 28th. He spoke to her family and assured them financial and moral support. He said as per the doctors and the treatment given, the hospital charges might go up to 11-12 Lakhs for Charu's recovery for which someone from Red Chillies will get back to them. However, the family is predicting the charges to go much above the quoted amount, considering how precarious her condition is. So far, it's only the family who has been paying the massive hospital bills. The hospital charges are not less either.\"The friend has in fact been encouraging everyone on her facebook friend's list to pitch in if possible.She adds, \"Charu is the eldest amongst the four siblings and she is the sole earning member. Her father is a teacher and doesn't make sufficient money. All her younger siblings are still studying. The family had saved Charu's marriage which is to happen in November 2012. It would be nice if people would come ahead and offer help. I have been giving Charu's dad's account number to whoever wishes to help.\"Charu underwent a surgery yesterday and the doctors have called it successful. The next six days are crucial to know how she is responding to the treatment.Meanwhile, the police have booked the driver of the car Manoj Kumar Gautam, a Lokhandwala resident, for rash driving and driving in a drunken state under Section 304A and 304-II of the Indian Penal Code (IPC). But the Holiday Court has granted him bail.If you too want to help Charu, you can like the 'Justice for Charu and Vikrant' a community founded on Facebook.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12474601", "title": "Defence ministry official, wife found dead at home", "text": "NEW DELHI: A deputy director in the defence ministry and his wife, a classical dancer, were found dead in mysterious circumstances at their home in Hudco Place, south Delhi, on Friday afternoon.The body of Kumar Yashkar, 42, who had studied at the London School of Economics , was found charred near the kitchen while his wife, Archana Sharma, 34, had been strangled with a chunni in the bedroom of the flat. The deaths came to light around 1.45pm. Archana was a Bharatnatyam dancer who regularly performed on stage.Cops said the house was found locked from inside and did not appear ransacked or looted. They hinted that the deaths could be the result of an altercation between the couple. But family sources said the two were extremely attached to each other and there had to be a \"very strong provocation\" leading to violence between them.Blood, soot at murder siteHours after a defence ministry official and his wife were found dead in their Hudco Place home, police are still scrambling for clues.The body of Kumar Yashkar was found charred near the kitchen while his wife, Archana Sharma had been strangled with a chunni in the bedroom of the flat. Police said there were some signs of a scuffle and found injury marks on Archana's head. There were blood-spots near the kitchen and soot marks in the flat. A family member said Kumar's job at the Director General of Medical Services in Sena Bhawan, was of a sensitive nature and he never discussed work at home. According to the couple's relatives, none of them had ever seen the couple quarrelling.Police officially declined to commit on the possible cause of the deaths for now. \"We would only be able to ascertain further details after the autopsy and medical reports are released. The bodies have been preserved at AIIMS for postmortem which will be conducted on Saturday,\" said a senior police officer.\"When we reached the house, the front door was locked from inside so we used the side door of the balcony to enter. We have recorded the statements of family members and are exploring various possibilities. A case of murder against unknown persons has been registered,\" said P S Kushwaha, additional DCP (south).According to police, the incident came to light when a refrigerator mechanic came to the couple's flat but no one answered the door. \"The mechanic came to our flat enquiring about the couple. We rang the bell and even made calls to them which went unanswered,\" said a neighbour.More neighbours gathered and tried to find out whether anyone was inside the flat. \"When we called on their cellphone we could hear the ring from inside the house. We realized that something was wrong as there was a burning smell coming from near the exhaust fan and windows were spotted with soot,\" said Yashkar's next door neighbour.The fire department received a call 1.35pm and two fire tenders were sent to the spot. In the next few minutes, police were informed as well. \"We pulled the door from outside and the latch came off after a few minutes. We could spot one of the bodies from there,\" said a police officer.A team of forensic and fingerprint experts were called in to collect evidence. Cops were still investigating till late Friday evening and were not able to confirm the cause behind the tragic incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12476623", "title": "NCP, Cong get to head 2 civic panels each", "text": "PUNE: The Nationalist Congress Party ( NCP) and the Congress bagged chairmanship of two civic committees each in the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC), elections for which took place on Friday. The saffron alliance could not get its candidates to head any of the committees.NCP's Chetan Tupe was elected to head the city improvement committee, with Congress candidate Sudhir Janjot withdrawing from the race.Chairpersons for other committees - including the law committee, sports committee and women and child welfare committee - were also elected on Friday.NCP's Minal Sarwade was elected unopposed as chairperson of the women and child welfare committee. Congress's Avinash Bagwe was elected chairman of the sports committee, while Congressman Datta Bhairat will head the law committee.\"We had an understanding as alliance partners about sharing chairmanship of various committees. The chairpersons of the committees will have a tenure of one year,\" said Subhash Jagtap, NCP's leader in PMC.Jagtap said the city improvement committee had almost finished its discussions on the development plan for the old city area and that work towards the same will be speeded up. \"Suggestions have been given for the development plan. The members have to check provisions in existing rules and infrastructure to finalise the plan,\" Tupe told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12474883", "title": "MM Joshi holds talks with RSS chief", "text": "NAGPUR: Veteran BJP leader and former HRD minister Murli Manohar Joshi on Friday had a lengthy deliberation with RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat at their Mahal headquarters here. Joshi spent more than three hours with the RSS top brass and left the city in the evening.Significantly, Joshi, who heads Lok Sabha's public accounts committee that probed the 2G spectrum scam was also at the center of an unseemly row. He was accused by Anshuman Mishra, an aspirant for the Rajya Sabha ticket from Jharkhand, of hobnobbing with telecom biggies who were accused in the 2G scam. The visit coming just days after that episode could have seen some explaining by the BJP leader. Though a regular visitor to the RSS headquarters, Joshi was here for the first time after BJP's dismal performance in Uttar Pradesh state elections.Though the BJP did slightly better than the Congress in the UP election it was a poor third after the SP and the BSP. Many in the party are unhappy that the BJP which once ruled the state had now lost favour with the people in the most populous and crucial state. Lack of unity among senior party leaders from the state was seen as a major factor for the BJP's poor show this time.Joshi avoided speaking to media person during the visit fearing that it could trigger a fresh controversy. \"I was here to extend a personal invitation to the RSS chief for the wedding ceremony of my daughter,\" he told reporters before leaving the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12479421", "title": "Jayalalithaa wants entire power from Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant for Tamil Nadu", "text": "CHENNAI: After giving the green signal to the Kudankulam nuclear power plant, Tamil Nadu chief minister Jayalalithaa on Saturday demanded that the entire 2000 MW power to be generated by its two units be given to the state in view of the \"severe power shortage.\"In a letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , she said it would be \"proper and justifiable that the entire power to be generated from the Koodankulam Nuclear Power Plant is made available to Tamil Nadu.\"\"This is also inevitable as the transmission corridor congestion problem still continues and has also been brought to your notice,\" she said in the missive coming almost two weeks after the state cabinet gave the nod for the plant.The chief minister pointed out that out of the 2000 MW to be generated by two units in KNPP, Tamil Nadu has been allocated a share of 925 MW only. She recalled she had already made a request of allocation of 1000 MW from Central pool last year against which a \"mere 100 MW\" was made available to the state which was facing \"severe power shortage\".\"I hope that this request will be positively considered by you. May I also reiterate that we require and deserve this power?\" she said.The Tamil Nadu cabinet had on March 19 given the go-ahead for commencement of work at the plant which remained stalled for several months following protest by anti-nuclear activists and locals led by People's Movement Against Nuclear Energy citing safety concerns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "bagalkot (karnataka)", "code": "12482598", "title": "Driver commits suicide fearing death of injured passengers", "text": "BAGALKOT (KARNATAKA): In a bizarre incident, a three wheeler driver committed suicide by hanging, fearing that four passengers injured after his vehicle overturned at a nearby village on Saturday would die, police said.The vehicle turned turtle at Mullur village while the driver Chidanand Kattimani (36) was on his daily trip from Hungund to Sulibhavi, resulting in injuries to four passengers.Assuming they would breathe their last, he rushed to a nearby field and hung himself from a tree, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12481790", "title": "Mumaith Khan to dance for Mithun Chakraborty", "text": "Mumaith Khan is Tollywood bound again. No, we are not talking about the Telugu film industry, but it's namesake - the Bengali film industry. The item girl-turned-actress announced that she will be part of a Mithun Chakraborty-starrer. She is mighty excited to be \"working again with Mithunda\" for his Bengali movie song. This is not the first time Mumaith has worked with the actor. She has just wrapped up shooting for an item song for the upcoming Bollywood flick \" Enemmy\". The multi-starrer boasts of an impressive starcast that includes Mithun Chakraborty and his son Mahakshay Chakraborty (the rechristened Mimoh). The item song features the film's actors Suneil Shetty, Mahakshay Chakraborty and Johnny Lever and was choreographed by Saroj Khan. Meanwhile, it will be interesting to track how Mumaith Khan's other Tollywood career shapes up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12475815", "title": "Cycles losing race in city of cars", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Le Corbusier's dream of making Chandigarh a bicycle-friendly city has fallen flat with only 57.5% of households owning a bicycle. The architect had planned dedicated cycle tracks, but the two-wheel ride nosedived by 10.8% since the last census in 2001.Cycles have been overtaken by four-wheelers with city being on top of the country with 25.7% of households owning cars. Also, Chandigarh has emerged as one of the most tech savvy city with its first rank in computer usage in both urban and rural areas. 33.2% of the households have computers in the city. The information has been documented in the recent census report pertaining to the city which was released on Friday.The census report records that the city residents do not prefer to listen to radios and transistors as it was in the past 10 years. There has been a decline of 25.2% in the usage of these mediums of entertainment. However, the use of television has increased by 8.6% since 2001.Infrastructure facilities, household assets and amenities available in city show an upward trend, reflecting the affluence of population. The city 46.7% households have two wheelers. 33.2% out of 2,35,000 households have computers and laptop with 18.8% having internet facility. There is internet in 19.3% in urban areas as compared to 3.6% in rural area. 89.2% households have landline and mobile facilities.There is only 4% of Chandigarh which is categorized as rural. 98.4% households are using electricity which shows an increase of 1.6% over 2001. There has been increase in accommodation in the city by 22%. As per the House Listing and Housing Census, houses have increased by 5,4000 from 2,44,000 to 2,98,000. Similarly, there in an increase of 21.9% Census houses used for residential and partly residential purposes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12476076", "title": "Madras high court reprieve for 'lottery' Martin", "text": "CHENNAI: The detention of lottery king Santiago Martin under the Goondas Act was quashed by the Madras high court on Thursday.The detention order was passed on October 29, 2011 after police registered three criminal cases against him in Coimbatore, Tirupur and Salem districts. Another complaint is pending with the district crime branch in Coimbatore.Martin's wife Leema Rose filed an habeas corpus petition questioning the validity of the detention order. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "ferozepur road", "code": "12476878", "title": "Out to present a spectacular show", "text": "FEROZEPUR ROAD: With a twinkle in their eyes and spring in their steps, students of Maa Sharda Vidya Peeth, a charitable educational institute, are out to present a spectacular show during their annual function in April-end.Of the 325 children (in the age group of 9 to 15) sent by the school for auditions at Saroj Khan Dancing Spirits Academy, Ferozepur Road, 162 have been selected for a training that will prepare them for the function. The kids from humble backgrounds study in eight different branches of the institute in Dholewal, Mundian Kalan, Daulat Colony, Bihari Colony, Durga Mata Mandir, Tajpur Road, Jamalpur, Bhagat Singh Colony - all in Ludhiana district.''We have appointed two choreographers from Mumbai who will teach children dance and skit. The kids will perform on social issues, like corruption and price rise,'' said Ruchi Bawa, MD of the academy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "tirupati", "code": "12474764", "title": "TTD is run by netas, babus", "text": "TIRUPATI: The board which runs the temple of Lord Balaji at Tirumala is the richest in the country. Little wonder then that the clan of netas has completely taken over the board, with no public representation whatsoever. In this they are assisted by their even faithful ally - the babus. The chairman of TTD board presently is a ruling party MP and its board members are ruling party MLAs/MLCs. \"Is it a wonder that the TTD has no public orientation?\" asks an analyst.The present chairman Kanumuri Bapiraju is a second-term MP from coastal Andhra. As a former excise minister he was involved in a liquor license controversy during his term two decades ago. Liquor and the management of TTD seem to go hand in hand.The previous chairman was D K Adikeshavulu, a liquor contractor based in Bangalore. He was a TDP MP but broke ranks with the party and voted for the UPA government in the no confidence motion in the Lok Sabha over the nuclear deal in 2008.He lost his seat in Lok Sabha, but for standing by the ruling party he was rewarded with the TTD chairmanship.Under section 96 of the Act, the TTD board is constituted by the government and can have up to 15 members, including chairman.Presently, there are six members, three politicians and three IAS officers. The chief executive of the TTD goes by the low sounding designation of Executive Officer (EO) and the present incumbent is a 1983 batch IAS officer L V Subramanyam.He is also an accused in the Emaar scam that is rocking the state. Six years ago he was being investigated for his part in the Volkswagen scandal. The CBI which investigated the case wants to chargesheet him in both the cases.But he has remained unscathed because the prevention of corruption Act requires permission from the Centre before an IAS officer is prosecuted. Permission has not yet been accorded: Nothing strange because babudom usually goes out of its way to protect its members.The practice of politicians managing the world's richest temple has been questioned but to no avail. D Manohar Rao, a retired professor of Osmania University, Hyderabad, along with three others had filed a writ petition in the AP High Court in December 2008, pleading that a committee of eminent persons be appointed to safeguard the interests of the Lord and His properties.The petitioners had contended that the management committee for TTD, as envisaged under the Act, has not been constituted till now though it is 'mandatory'.\"Once the committee is constituted, the wings of the board could be clipped. It is unfortunate that the highest post of the religious institution has been reduced to a political appointment in return for favours,\" Prof Rao rues.The case is still being heard. TTD was established in 1932 but is now governed by the Andhra Pradesh Endowments Act of 1987. A majority of pilgrims, however, are from Tamil Nadu.The petitioners contend that the board does not have the mandate under the provisions of the Endowments Act to take decisions on the Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams and exercise administrative power. Soumithri Lakshmanacharya, one of the petitioners, says as per sections 97 and 97B of the Act, the administration of Tirumala should vest in the management committee.He contends that the board has been exercising all the powers and implementing policy decisions which should have been taken by the committee.Former high court judge S Parvatha Rao adds: \"All the actions taken by the board to administer the TTD and manage its massive properties and temple affairs after 1990 are null and void.\"\"Board members serve political and their own interests. They are not concerned about common pilgrims,\" says T N Dhanraj Tirumala, managing director, Trisha Technologies Pvt Ltd.Muthyam Reddy, an MLA and one of the board members, feigns ignorance about the management committee.His only worry is that his term would expire in five months. He is wondering whether his term would be extended.(This is sixth in a series of reports on the affairs of Lord Balaji's hilltop temple in Tirumala)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12474794", "title": "Hyderabad to observe Earth Hour today", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Planetary Society of India claimed that when 'Earth Hour' would be observed across the world between 8.30 pm and 9.30 pm on Saturday, four planets, including Venus, Mars, Saturn and Jupiter, would be visible to the naked eye. Further, various constellations including the seven stars appearing in the pattern of a big Dipper and an Orion constellation in the south west and west can be seen.Sirius, the brightest of all stars, would be visible in the south west direction followed by Canopous, the second brightest star, between the south and south west direction.Meanwhile, the day will be observed in the city by World-Wide Fund for Nature (WWF-AP chapter) in collaboration with the Indian Youth Climate Network (IYCN) and United Federation of Resident Welfare Associations. Apart from a musical event, the group will also observe a one-hour 'lights off' programme between 8.15 pm and 9.15 pm. \"We will be switching off all lights at the venue opposite People's Plaza, in support of the earth hour,\" said Farida Tampal, state director of WWF.Apart from corporate biggies and government departments such as HMDA, GHMC, BPPA, APCPDCL and APTDC, Tampal said that governor ESL Narasimhan, too, has extended his support to the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12480240", "title": "And now, a bio-pic on poet Shiv Kumar Batalvi", "text": "And Now, A Bio-Pic On Punjab's Legendary Poet Shiv Kumar Batalvi, To Be Shot In PakistanAre you 30-ish , Punjabi and with a penchant for passionate poetry? A hunt is on for the ideal individual to play the legendary Punjabi poet Shiv Kumar Batalvi in a bio-pic to be directed by Mudazzar Aziz.He died at age 36 of a broken heart. The legendary Punjabi poet Shiv Kumar Batalvi wrote immortal love poems but couldn't get the woman he loved.And now Batalvi's love and poems will be a part of a feature film to be directed by Mudassar Aziz.Once known as Sushmita Sen's boyfriend Mudassar is today struggling to establish a foothold among the fraternity of filmmakers in Mumbai.The producer Sunil Bohra says he will be travelling to Pakistan to get the correct face for the part. He will also be shooting the film in Pakistan. However there is a problem with the travel across the border. Bohra is phobic about air travel. He will therefore be traveling to and fro between the Indian border and Pakistan by train and bus with his unit.Bohra says he chose Mudassar because the young director has felt the pangs of love and what it feels to lose it.Says Bohra, \"I wanted someone with a wounded heart. Batalvi spent his entire lifetime writng the most exquisite love poems. He wrote about love because he couldn't get the woman he loved. His lines are sung, hummed, chanted and used in everyday language. There's a Batalvi Diwas celebrated among NRIs Punjabis in the UK and the US.\"Bohra has spent the last three years of his life researching Batalvi's poetry. \"To me the man is the poetry. The hero of my film will be the poetry. I've gone through all of it. We've sifted through his entire body of work. Believe me, to go through Batalvi's poetry is to be born again as a humanbeing. His lines are life-changing.I am using his poetry for the lyrics. And the composition and voices would be by musicians from India and Pakistan.\"Interestingly Bohra wants to shoot the film in Pakistan. \"Yes, a part of the film will be shot in Pakistan. Batalvi was born in Sialkot district which is now in Pakistan.We are in the process of getting the relevant permission.\"In the meanwhile Mudassar Aziz is going ahead full-throttle with his pre-production.Says Aziz, \"This is a film that a far experienced filmmaker should have made.It is the most incredible story. It has romance, passion, pathos and above all, poetry.And all in larger-than-life shades. I will have to travel all over Punjab and to Pakistan. If I am making a film on Batalvi I want it to be a work that would do him proud.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12474241", "title": "No fresh developmental works till budget presentation: Tiwari", "text": "NAGPUR: In a bid to assert himself, the newly elected chairman of NMC standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari on Friday directed the heads of all departments not to undertake new developmental works before he presents his budget sometime in May. He also said that no new work proposals should be prepared.Tiwari said \"the administrative work may be carried out as it is but the officials should take my prior permission in case any work is to be undertaken in emergency.\"Municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal had presented the corporation's budget on March 26. But Tiwari may not be able to present his budget in April as he would require time to finalize it. Hence, Jaiswal's budget will come into effect from April 1. Jaiswal has announced many new proposals and also changed the provisions of funds under various heads. If the new works proposed in Jaiswal's budget are undertaken, funds could be utilized. However, Tiwari issued the circular apparently with a view to ensure that funds are not spent without his consent as he may have some other projects on mind. Since he is likely to present his budget in May, no new developmental works can be undertaken in NMC.Confirming the issuance of circular, Tiwari told TOI, it was a routine practice followed by all chairmen. \"Budget is prepared on the basis of revenue and available funds. If the funds are in use, the calculations in budget may be disturbed. But there would be no impact on maintenance works as I had specifically mentioned. Pre-monsoon works like cleaning drains and nullahs will be given approval. Besides, many sanctioned road works are yet to be undertaken. In many areas, road works were undertaken before election,\" he said.Tiwari said special instructions have been given to undertaken zone-level works. \"Jaiswal has made provisions of Rs 20 crore for 10 zones. The works under this head may be undertaken as per the suggestion given by corporators,\" he said.Jaiswal has made no provisions of ward fund in his budget, giving corporators a tough time. The corporators were getting ward fund of Rs 13.50 lakh per annum for undertaking works as per their wish. Instead of giving ward fund, Jaiswal has made provisions under zone fund.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12477245", "title": "Temple recce preceded Pune blast, says state home minister", "text": "MUMBAI: Investigations into the blast at Pune's German Bakery have established that Indian Mujahideen (IM) operatives had carried out a \"dress rehearsal\" outside the city's Dagdusheth Halwai temple.The dummy run took place right outside the temple about three days before an attempted blast at the famous shrine simultaneously with an explosion at the bakery. The explosion at the temple was averted because an alert vendor raised an alarm.During investigations into the blasts, the Maharashtra anti-terrorism squad (ATS) arrested a suspected IM member Mirza Himayat Mirza Baig.In his written reply to the legislative council, state home minister RR Patil on Friday admitted that IM operatives carried out a \"dress rehearsal\" outside the temple. However , he did not clarify if it was akin to a recce or complete simulation of the actual blasts. \"One of the accused in the case is jailed in a Bangalore prison and we are seeking his custody,\" said Patil.The request for custody is pending in Delhi's Tees Hazari Court. In the last week of November , the Delhi police had arrested six suspected IM operatives , including Qateel Siddiqui . In his confession, Siddiqui said the IM had planned to carry out simultaneous bomb blasts at Dagdusheth Halwai temple and German Bakery on February 13, 2010.\"One arrest has been made in the German Bakery blast case. One accused in the temple bomb planting conspiracy case is in the custody of the Bangalore police,\" ATS chief Rakesh Maria said.\"The accused, Qateel Siddiqui , visited the temple three days before the blast, and kept his bag with the vendor after purchasing flowers from him. However, on the day of the blast, the vendor refused to keep his bag,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12475164", "title": "Spiralling prices of vegetables derail kitchen budget", "text": "JAIPUR: The hike in railway fares has been rolled back, but the sky-rocketing prices of vegetables have derailed the budget of every household.After a bitter and extended winter this year which caused extensive damage to crops, the prices of veggies have gone up sharply. \"The intense cold destroyed the standing crop, and farmers had to sow it again. As a result, the vegetables which were scheduled to reach markets by March-April will now arrive late by a month or so,\" said Radheyshyam Phatak, president of Rajasthan Fruits and Vegetable Traders Association.Potatoes, usually considered cheap, now cost Rs 15 per kg in the retail market, while seasonal vegetables like Colocasia (arbi) are shockingly priced at Rs. 60 per kg compared to Rs 30 per kg last month. Cauliflower which was Rs 18 per kg a month ago is now being sold at Rs 30 per kg. Prices of carrot, tomato, and spinach have also drastically increased over the fortnight.\"The situation is not going to improve in the coming few days. After failed home-grown crops, most vegetables are coming from other parts of the country\" added Phatak.Making the most of the crisis, retailers and vegetable vendors have overpriced the veggies and fruits. The bitter gourd which costs Rs 40 at Muhana Mandi in Jaipur is sold at Rs 80 in C-scheme area. Similarly, beans which are sold at Rs 40 per kg at the mandi are priced at Rs 60 per kg at vegetable shops in localities.\"Gone are the days when taste and preferences used to dictate the choice of vegetables and fruits. These days, cost determines the palate. In fact, going by the astronomical prices, to be able to afford vegetables would soon be a luxury,\" said Seema Rathore, a housewife.Vendors, however, defend the huge gap in vegetable prices at mandis and shops. \"I go to Muhana mandi every morning from Johari Bazaar. From there, I come to C-scheme. My daily transport expenses are around Rs 500. Along with this, I need to pay Rs 150 for the cart. If I don't sell vegetables at a higher price, how will I earn my living,\" asked Mohammed Arif, a vegetable vendor at C-Scheme.Amid the rising costs of essential commodities, Rajasthan Cooperative Dairy Federation Ltd's decision to slash the prices of milk by Rs 1-2 a litre has come as a respite. The kitchen budget has been going north over the past year due to a continuous rise in prices of products.The cooking oil which ranged between Rs 60-65 per litre in 2011 has now ballooned to Rs 80-120 per litre. The sharpest rise has been seen in cardamom prices which have gone up from Rs 600 to Rs 1,300 per kg this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12475078", "title": "With eye on polls, CM showers more sops", "text": "JAIPUR: Chief minister Ashok Gehlot on Friday made a slew of budgetary announcements for farmers, students, sportspersons and businessmen suggesting that the ruling Congress was mindful of the assembly elections due next year.The eligibility criteria for sportspersons' 2% quota in government subordinate/ministerial/Class IV government jobs that are outside the purview of Rajasthan Public Service Commission has been lowered. As against only international level sportspersons, now even those who have participated at the national level would also be eligible for the quota.The per day allowance for sportsperson has been increased from Rs 100 to Rs 200 for competitions within the state and from Rs 200 to Rs 300 for competitions outside the state. Presenting the main budget earlier this week, the chief minister had announced to increase the sports reward money 10 times.\"The government will give Rs 500 per month scholarship to 1 lakh students whose family annual income is less than Rs 1 lakh. This scholarship will be for five years or till the continuation of higher or technical education by the student,\" Gehlot said.In the education sector, college lecturers of Sanskrit literature in the state would be given pay-scales at par with the University Grants Commission standards. The government would upgrade 200 of its upper primary schools to secondary schools and 200 secondary schools to senior secondary schools. Besides, science and commerce faculties would be started in 100 senior secondary schools each.In an effort to provide relief to farmers, besides the support price the government would also pay \"bonus\" at the rate of Rs 150 per quintal of wheat. \"The government would spend Rs 150 crore on this head,\" the CM said. The government would now disperse Rs 25 crore in loans through the Rajasthan Minority Finance and Development Cooperative Corporation. In the budget, this amount was kept at Rs 15 crore.On the Rajasthan Day (March 30) every year, the government would grant pardon to convicts on the basis of their physical and medical conditions and age.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12475559", "title": "Promote home-grown talent: Cultural experts", "text": "JAIPUR: Culture is the soul of a country, and Rajasthan is a state that boasts of rich and diverse culture and heritage. On Friday evening, eminent writers, artists and culturists came together to participate in an engaging conversation on art, literature and culture in the state organized by Rajasthan Sahitya Akademi.The seminar was held at the Suchna Kendra as part of the ongoing Rajasthan Day celebrations. The evening began with a key note address by Ved Vyas, an eminent writer and president of Rajasthan Sahitya Akademi. Prerna Shrimali, a leading Kathak exponent of Jaipur Gharana, talked about promotion and preservation of classical arts along with folk arts.Eminent theatre person Ranveer Singh harped on the need of a cultural policy to make culture more relevant in modern times. Raising a demand for a cultural hub to promote art and culture, Singh also pointed out the necessity of repertory, where a resident company presents works from a specified repertoire, to promote professional theatre in the state.The invited panelists were a judicious mix of writers, culturists, and artists. Elaborating on the significance of culture in a materialistic society, Sundeep Bhutoria, Kolkata-based culturist, stressed on the need for cultural awakening. \"Artists from our own state are not given their due credit and respect. Rather than inviting artists from other states, we should first make efforts to promote home-grow talent,\" suggested Bhutoria. Among other personalities who spoke on the occasion were KC Maloo, a promoter of folk music, BM Sharma, RPSC chairman, and Vijay Verma, art critic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12476584", "title": "Cong slams Modi govt over graft slur in CAG report", "text": "NEW DELHI: Narendra Modi government suspended the entire Opposition from state assembly to ensure that tabling of the CAG report alleging corruption worth Rs 16,000 crore did not embarrass the CM, Congress alleged on Friday.The Gujarat Congress said Modi reluctantly agreed to table the CAG report, submitted in February, in the assembly only after the governor issued a notice, but still dragged it to the last day of the budget session.\"I was suspended for the entire session earlier and today entire opposition was expelled before the report was placed in the House,\" said leader of opposition in Gujarat assembly Shaktisinh Gohil.Speaking to reporters, Gohil said the CAG report was explosive since it stripped CM's claims of development and exposed him giving undue benefits to a handful of top industrialists.\"The state coffers have been looted for some industrialists...and the Opposition was suspended to give a silent burial to the report,\" he told reporters, with PCC chief Arjun Modwadia by his side.Taking the offensive to the BJP camp, Congress asked the reasons behind the party's silence in the case though it takes no time to block Parliament over any CAG report about the Centre. \"It is because Modi loots Gujarat to line pockets of central BJP leaders. So they are puppets in Modi's hands,\" Gohil said.The CAG findings hit the headlines, saying Modi benefitted industrial houses like Adanis. Gohil said the CM is close to the Adanis and uses their aircraft for personal use.The report alleged that Gujarat State Petroleum Corporation (GSPC) bought natural gas from open market and sold it to the Adanis at a price lower than the purchase price, benefitting them Rs 70.54 crore. CAG was critical of GSPC's operations in the Krishna Godavari basin.Gohil said, \"Modi went around claiming that in two years, petrol would flow from taps in Gujarat homes. That has not happened, but Rs 5,000 crore was lost and despite expert advice against drilling. There was no drilling though money was passed to contractors.\"Modwadia said Modi has destroyed democratic institutions to rule as a dictator. \"He did not table the CAG report. The national human rights commission report for 2002-03 was tabled today following rap from the High Court. The assembly deputy speaker's post is vacant for 10 years because it goes to the Opposition. The Lokayukta was not appointed for eight years. The Opposition was expelled to table the reports. This is how he runs the democracy,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12476823", "title": "CPI may change party programme", "text": "PATNA: Apart from a change of guard, the CPI may also have a new programme and some changes in the party constitution if the proposals in this regard, currently being debated by the party congress here, are adopted.Party general secretary A B Bardhan has prepared an initial proposal for a new programme, which, if accepted, will replace the one adopted at the party's Hyderabad conference in 1992.Briefing the media about the congress's fourth-day proceedings, party national secretary Atul Kumar Anjaan and national council secretary Shameem Faizee said that an amendment has been proposed to the party's constitution, according to which there should be a national president apart from the general secretary. The amendment is being considered in the party forum and a decision would be taken through consensus.On Friday, the plenary session of the party completed debate on three main documents -- political resolution, political report and organizational report. As many as 57 party delegates from states and representing the mass organizations took part in the debate. The plenary session set up three commissions for considering amendments to the three documents.According to Faizee, 300 amendments to the political resolution have been moved, 27 to political report and 30 amendments to the organizational report. Most of the proposed amendments to the political report related to elaboration of points made in the resolution as well as for concretizing certain issues referred to in the document. The amendments to the political report mostly suggested addition of certain events during the period under review or for more specific mention of some developments.Incidentally, while political report reviews the past events, the political resolution encompasses the party's future strategy.The main thrust of the political resolution is on building a strong struggle-oriented party to promote comprehensive Left unity that should pave way for real programme-based Left and democratic alliance.Meanwhile, in a resolution on public distribution system (PDS), the party demanded universal rationing system in the country and allowing the states to fix APL and BPL threshold. Elaborating, Anjaan said that 14 essential items should be supplied through PDS, which would mitigate the hardship caused by price rise.On the issue of atrocities in West Bengal under the Mamata government, he said that 35 activists of the CPI and the CPM were killed in the 10 months of her rule. The party denounced political vendetta being practised by her government and pointed to attempts to throttle the press by banning several newspapers in government offices and state-aided libraries. \"The state government's actions are reminiscent of Emergency,\" Anjaan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12475720", "title": "Karnataka mining scam: SC panel proposes mild reprimand for offenders", "text": "NEW DELHI: The bang with which the Karnataka mining scam came to centrestage, dethroning B S Yeddyurrapa as CM in its wake, could soon end in a whimper, if the Supreme Court's Centrally Empowered Committee's (CEC) recommendations are accepted.The Karnataka Lokayukta had in its report noted that the miners in Karnataka earned Rs 12,228 crore between 2006 and 2010 from illegal exports of ore. Thousands of crore worth of ore was also illegally sold domestically during the same period. It had indicted several hundred officials, politicians and businessmen for their involvement in one the largest mining scams to hit the country.However, the SC-appointed panel's recommendations could help wrong-doers lightly. It suggested that all 166 mines should be regularized, even though 162 of them were found to have operated blatantly flouting norms. A fine of around Rs 430 crore should be imposed on 72 of them. Forty nine leases (mostly small operators) should be cancelled and resold to other miners with their existing mine stocks confiscated, while 24 of mines would get away scot-free. The committee has not recommended prosecution of a single official, politician or businessman involved in the scam that turned three districts in the state - Bellary, Chitradurga and Tumkur - into a black hole of corruption.If the SC accepts these recommendations, what was purported to be a massive organized criminal racket could now be legitimized with a relatively minor penalty.The CBI has been asked by the apex court to investigate only a single illegal mining case in Karnataka and the state police has found it hard to take any action. Hence, the rest could get away without any criminal proceedings. The petitioners before the SC, aggrieved by the CEC report, have filed another plea demanding probe into corruption by Yeddyurrapa along with Jindal and Adani groups. But the CEC is yet to weigh on it even as the firm involved in the corruption case of the former CM has been absolved of its 'minor illegalities'.The CEC final report notes that \"massive illegal mining and transportation because possible because of the blatant connivance of officials and public functionaries.\" It adds, \"the extend and level of rampant unauthorized unregulated, environmentally unsustainable and illegal mining its various facets and consequent massive encroachment in the forests area perhaps had no other parallel in the country.\"Yet, the CEC has ignored its earlier observation that \"the ill-gotten profits of the wrong doers should be disgorged at 5 times the market value\" of the ore illegally extracted over years. It has instead suggested an encroached area-based formula to penalize that would add up to a total fine of a paltry Rs 430 crore. This too has been done in such a way that several big players could get away scot-free because as a percentage their encroachment seems small. Many of the small players are put into a category, and their mines should be resold to others. Consequently, some miners in the same bracket of encroachment get away with paying peanuts, while others lose their leases. There is no reference to the millions of tonnes of iron ore the companies mined over years in flagrant violation of several norms.The CEC does put a cap on future mining in the area, and a formula to extract an extra amount from the mines that would be continued to operate through a special purpose vehicle which would be used to undertake land rehabilitation and other regulatory measures.It's not the first time that the CEC has resorted to such a formula. There is a precedent in a mining scam in Odisha in 2010. In that case, the CEC had found that 215 out of 341 working mines - or more than 60% - in Odisha wee operating without statutory central government clearances - some of them in business for decades without even submitting a statutory mining plan to authorities. Yet, the CEC offered an amnesty scheme to all: advising that a one-time fine of about Rs 2,000 crore be collected to legitimize their operations based on a land cost formula. Again, it had not recommended anyone's prosecution, and the court had accepted the suggestions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12475743", "title": "Team Anna finds loopholes in Judicial Accountability Bill", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after the government managed to get the Judicial Accountability Bill passed in the Lok Sabha, Team Anna attacked the government for reneging on its promise to bring judicial corruption within the ambit of the law.The Judicial Accountability and Standards Bill was cleared in the lower House within 15 minutes. Calling the bill a ``farce'', Team Anna member Prashant Bhushan said that while judicial misconduct was addressed in the Bill, there was only provision for removal of the judge and not to register a formal police complaint or initiate criminal proceedings.His colleague Arvind Kejriwal said, ``The government has gone back on its promise. The scrutiny committee that will examine complaints will include judges of the same court as members. We have pointed out earlier too how fellow judges do not take action against each other.''Kejriwal stuck to his stand to privilege notices for \"insulting\" Parliament, asking how he could respect the House that has 162 MPs with criminal background.Denying allegations by four MPs, who moved privilege notices against him that he insulted the House, Kejriwal said he respects Parliament but noted that it is being insulted by those sitting inside the House and not those outside.He alleged all parties were responsible for bringing Parliament to disrepute as 162 MPs with criminal cases against them - 14 facing murder cases, 20 attempt to murder cases and 13 for kidnapping - have managed to get into it.In a four-page reply to Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha secretariats, he said, ``If some MLAs and women and child development minister watch porn openly in Assembly, you tell me, how can I respect those MLAs.''Touching upon alleged horse-trading during trust vote in 2008 when UPA-I was in power, he alleged, \"MPs were bought openly. People witnessed the spectacle of MPs being bought in this sacred temple of democracy...Was it less than treason? How will I respect this Parliament,\" he said.Defending himself, Kejriwal said, he has not done anything wrong and he had only raised the issues of people.He said he was willing to be punished. \"If I am guilty in the eyes of your law, punish me according to those laws. I am ready to face that punishment. If you are going to punish according to your laws, my appeal to you is that, give me an opportunity to appear before you personally and present my version,\" he said.Privilege notices were moved by Rajya Sabha members Ramkripal Yadav and Rajneeti Prasad (both RJD) and Lok Sabha MP Sajjan Kumar Verma (Congress) following Kejriwal's March 25 speech at Jantar Mantar during which he raised the issue of 162 people with criminal cases being MPs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12475892", "title": "Swank toilets at Central Railway stations soon", "text": "MUMBAI: Central Railway commuters can hope for clean restrooms on platforms as the officials plan to get rid of all dysfunctional, stinky toilets at stations.The railway has already issued an offer letter to Sulabh International to build toilets of \"deluxe\" class at Thane station on a public-private partnership model. If the project proves successful, the CR plans to invite expressions of interest (EOI) to set up similar toilets, which will have facilities and ambience on a par with those in malls,at all stations on its suburban network.In Thane, the first new restrooms can come up in three months of the beginning of the work on ground. At present, Sulabh International is looking for corporate sponsors to execute the project. The new toilets-altogether, 11 blocks-will be built on the Kalyan-end of platforms 2 and 10 A, with adequate number of restrooms for women.Explaining their business-model, a railway official said, \"The CR will only provide land for the construction of the facility. The operator will have to pay water and electricity bills. The corporate, selected by the operator, can sponsor the construction of the toilet in exchange for advertising rights. The corporate can either display its own advertisements or rent the space to earn revenue.\"The CR has also requested Sulabh International to install air-conditioners inside the restrooms.\"Though it is not mandatory, but we have made this request as Sulabh will be allowed to charge users according to market rates,\" the official added. \"We have also asked them to keepthe facility open for 20 hours a day.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12476028", "title": "Ford India suspends 7 employees", "text": "CHENNAI: The stand-off between the agitating employees and Ford management in Maraimalai Nagar took a new twist on Friday when the company suspended seven employees for indulging in anti-organisation activities.Trouble began last Tuesday when Ford terminated nine employees for \"violating the company's code of integrity\". As a show of solidarity , scores of employees protested the management decision and sought their reinstatement. The labour commisioner summoned a meeting between the agitating employees and the Ford management to arrive at a solution.The labour department officials were surprised at the suspension of seven workers on Friday. Government officials said at the second round of talks on Thursday, Ford representatives had given a written assurance that no action would be initiated against the agitating employees. But, five of the seven employees who were suspended on Friday were involved in the talks as representatives of the agitating employees.\"As of today (Friday), there has been no disruption to our production and we are maintaining normal production schedules at the plant. Majority of the employees who were part of the small demonstrations earlier are back at work today and in consultations with relevant government authorities, no disciplinary action has been taken against employees who stayed away from work. We have not taken any punitive action and there is a suspension pending enquiry against a few select employees \" a Ford statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12474847", "title": "Remand of Acharya, Koneru extended", "text": "HYDERABAD: The accused in the Emaar scam case on Friday appeared before the CBI court for the first time after the chargesheet was filed. Retired IAS officer KV Rao, who was principal secretary, department of industries during the period in question, and Emaar MGF CEO Srikant Joshi were asked to furnish sureties of Rs 25,000 each before they were let off.Tummala Ranga Rao of Stylish Homes, who also made a personal appearance in the court, was allowed to go as he had already obtained anticipatory bail. Though a video conferencing facility, the judge extended the judicial remand of Koneru Rajendra Prasad till April 13. LV Subrahamanyam, another IAS officer who was also named in the chargesheet, was not summoned because CBI did not get Centre's sanction to prosecute him. The judge, using the video facility, also extended till April 13 the judicial remand of accused number one in the Emaar scame case and IAS officer BP Acharya. The remand of two other accused - Vijaya Raghava and Sunil Reddy, who are yet to be chargesheeted - too, was extended to April 13. The other accused - Mohd Alabbar of Emaar Properties (Dubai), Shravan Gupta of MGF (Delhi) and Koneru Madhu ( Dubai ) - did not turn up even after having been served with summons.The CBI meanwhile informed HC that it would complete the Emaar probe by the end of April. Earlier, special judge Sarma extended to March 31 the remand of V Vijaya Sai Reddy, the accused number two in the Jaganmohan Reddy illegal assets case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "12476979", "title": "Congress cut motion fails number test", "text": "SHIMLA: Cornering the state government over its policies in the education sector, Congress legislators on Friday alleging that in the last four years many schools were closed while not even a single college was opened in the state. Countering the claim, the education minister, while replying to cut motion on education department brought by the opposition, claimed that in the last four years Rs 400 crore were spent on creation of infrastructure in the education sector.Starting debate on cut motion, Congress MLA Harshvardhan Chauhan said that in the last four years the state government could not open even a single college in the state. He alleged that difficult areas of the state were short of teaching staff while schools were being funded on political basis. \"Congress MLAs' areas are being ignored,\" he said.Congress MLA Kaul Singh Thakur said the state government was compromising with the quality of education and grade of Himachal Pradesh University had fallen from A to B in last four years. He alleged that barring two private universities running in the state, rest all private institutions were not recognized by UGC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12476960", "title": "TMC leader attacked by partymen", "text": "KOLKATA: Trinamool Congress councillor and former Congress legislator Ram Pyare Ram was allegedly attacked by a group of Trinamool men at Kidderpore on Friday afternoon.In protest against the incident, the councillor and his followers staged a roadblock at the Hyde Road-CGR Road crossing which was withdrawn after police intervention. \"We have received a complaint from Ram,\" said DC Port M Rahman.Locals said trouble broke out at Coal Berth Road after a KMC team started work on a bumper. Ram alleged that a section of partymen led by Akhilesh Singh tried to stop the work. Ram resisted them, which led to a scuffle. Sources however hinted that the brawl is a fallout of rivalry between the groups.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12479038", "title": "Ignou", "text": "The Indira Gandhi National Open University's (IGNOU's) Chair for Sustainable Development (CSD) announces admission for three online programmes - leadership programme on nutrition security and sustainable development (LPNSSD), appreciation programme on sustainable management of Ganga- a scientific approach (APSMG) and leadership programme on Himalayan ecosystems (LPHECO).The objective of these programmes is to sensitise the policy makers, administrators, scientists and other stakeholders in the emerging discipline of sustainability science.Their eligibility is a graduation degree in any subject. Postgraduate students, researchers, scientists, engineers, medical doctors, stake holders, policy makers, administrators and other professionals with requisite educational qualifications will be given preference.These online platform courses that are available on Sustainability Action and Virtual Education (SAVE) offer a complete virtual learning environment suite covering all activities from registration to certification. It consists of integrated multimedia courseware, online counseling and mentoring, 24 x 7 learner support; group based online seminar, online project platform and online term end examination.The programme duration for APSMG is minimum one and a half months and maximum eight months while that for LPNSSD and LPHECO is minimum one month and maximum six months.Last date for submission of application forms is April 15.www.ignou.ac.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12476440", "title": "Train assault case: Cops yet to arrest accused", "text": "KOCHI: It has been two months since Malayali student Geevarghese John was attacked by a group of students on board a train at Salem railway station; the police have failed to arrest any of the accused so far. Though college authorities have suspended students involved in the incident, police have not been able to arrest them.\"We have been trying to track the accused all these days, but they have gone into hiding. All efforts are on to trace them,\" said assistant commissioner Ammose Mammen, who is probing the case. He said special police teams have been formed to trace the students.On January 13, John was attacked by a group of students when he boarded the Chennai-Thiruvananthapuram express from Salem. He was attacked by the group for not providing a sum of Rs 1000. Police said the students who attacked John were from another engineering college and they were identified as Akhil Babu of Ochira, Kiran Nair of Thiruvananthapuram, Ebin Babu of Malappuram and Tintu Abrham of Kottayam.The attack was the fall out of a gang war between students of two engineering colleges. Police have registered a case of attempt to murder against the accused in connection with the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12475832", "title": "Some Union Territory top brass may land in trouble", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With the Punjab and Haryana high court entrusting probe into cash-for-job scam to Delhi branch of CBI, several high-ups of UT administration may land in trouble. For, the HC has found it a case \"where several high-ups are involved and the impartiality of the investigation has seriously been compromised when despite glaring material available with the investigating agency, the loose ends have not been tied up and even the tighter ends seem to have been loosened\".In its seven-page judgment, a division bench of Chief Justice Ranjan Gogoi and Justice Mahesh Grover observed, \"We find various aspects of the case disturbing and intriguing\".The bench observed that \"despite being aware of the instances of bribe given by some persons to the UT officers and exchange of numerous calls between the accused in FIR and the then DPI (schools), Samwartak Singh, local CBI chose not to go deeper into this matter by merely accepting the fact that the allegations of bribe have already been looked into by UT cops\".\"Its report acknowledges that complainant Kamalpreet Kaur had been interrogated by the CBI and she had categorically disclosed the fact that one Jolly had told her on September 3, 2009, at Cafe Coffee Day in Sector 30, Chandigarh, that during the course of interview, a question would be asked to her by one of the interview board members that what does the abbreviated form of NCERT mean. And surprisingly, the said question was asked to her by one of the interview board members and this was the first question which had been put to her,\" the bench observed.The HC also held that CBI verification revealed that the question was indeed put to the complainant by Samwartak Singh.This aspect was ignored and not inquired further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12476487", "title": "'Fai lied about his doctorate degree'", "text": "Kashmiri separatist Ghulam Nabi Fai, who was arrested last year on charges of being a paid agent of the ISI, has lied to the court on his doctorate degree, which he does not possess, a US attorney has said. \"Fai has no doctorate degree,\" US attorney Neil MacBride informed the court on Wednesday in a foot note, of the 10-page submission to the US district court in Alexandria, Virginia.Fai's false representation that he possesses such a degree unfairly dilutes the respect rightly earned by others that actually possess such a degree, MacBride said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12477019", "title": "'Kali swaroop' of Maa worshipped on Saptami", "text": "KANPUR: Hundreds of devotees thronged Chhinmastika and Kali Mathiya temple in Shiwala and Shastri Nagar to seek blessings from the goddess on 'saptami' of Navratri here on Friday. According to Hindu mythology, saptami of Navratri is dedicated to 'Kali swaroop' of the goddess.The unique fact about Chhinmastika temple being that it is opened for the devotees only for three days during Navratri and it being the first day, a large number of devotees came to worship in the temple.Apart from last three days of Navratri, the gates of Chinnamastika Devi temple remain closed for the rest of the years.The devotees believe that whatever is wished from Mata Chinnmastika comes true. According to the priest, Chinnmastikaa temple was established in 1868 by Guru Prasad Shukla.Chinnamastika is the goddess without head.Another custom related to this temple is that it only opens twice a year during 'Navratris'. According to mythology, seeing the goddess 'Chinnamastika' is prohibited due to her large and fearful attire with blood.It is believed that 'Maa Chinnamastika' is the goddess of intelligence and power, hence students visit the temple to pay obeisance.Devotees were waiting since midnight to have darshan and perform puja.Meanwhile, a rush of devotees was witnessed at Kali Mathaiya temple in Shastri Nagar. A large number of women numbers arrived at the temple to worship Maa Kali. Religious hymns in praise of the goddess were sung and devotees kept on chanting 'Jai Mata Ki'.The priest informed that the Kala Mathaiya temple is over 250 years old. He said that the seventh incarnation of Maa Durga, Maa Kali is here to bless her children who come to the temple with faith. The devotees also offered prasad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12475990", "title": "Taste the tender", "text": "With a new powder avatar , hipper names and sleek packaging, the Indian tender coconut water industry is hoping to refresh its image in the overseas market.And the timing couldn't be more better considering the US coconut water market is valued at more than $ 200 million, a 400% increase since 2010, according to a New Nutrition Business report. More markets are opening up for the 'wonder sports drink'.In the US, packaged tender coconut water is endorsed by Hollywood A-listers such as Madonna , Matthew McConaughey and Demi Moore . Coaches and fitness trainers also recommend it as the alternative to rehydrating sports drinks. The packaged 'elaneer' or tender coconut water industry has been growing at 25% every year, says Ajay Kumar Jain, managing director of Jain Agro Food Products, which produces Cocojal.\"We started our tender coconut water unit to export parts of the US, New Zealand and South Africa where coconuts are not grown,\" says C M Kamaraj, managing partner of the Pollachi-based Sakthi Coco Products, which produces Tender Coco. The company has introduced tender coconut water in the UK under the brand name 'Purich' and hopes its cool blue bottle, similar to chic isotonic sports drink containers, will help crack the market.Kamaraj says the company's exports increased by around 25% last year and it exported five lakh 250ml bottles. \"Our research shows that foreign nationals consume more tender coconut water than Indians there,\" adds Kamaraj, who says that India faces competition from Philippines, Thailand, Malaysia and Indonesia . \"Per 100ml, tender coconut water has less sodium (25mg). Other sports drinks have 41mg and energy drinks have about 200mg. Tender coconut water contains more potassium (nearly 294mg) than most sports drinks (117mg) and this makes it popular with fitness enthusiasts and sportspeople.It has 5mg of natural sugars while energy drinks have 10-25mg of altered sugars,\" says Anil Kumar of Puducherry-based Novel Food Products. The company recently came out with a coconut water powder mix for export. \"It is doing well as it's like any other juice concentrate and has longer shelf life,\" says Kumar.Coaches in Chennai, are recommending tender coconut water to athletes. \"When we travel for competitions, I make my swimmers bring bottles of tender coconut,\" says swimming coach KK Mukundan, who coaches swimmers for national meets. \"It gives my swimmers a quick recovery after their tiring workouts.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "12476734", "title": "CM remains firm on Central University of Bihar location", "text": "GAYA: An unmoved chief minister Nitish Kumar , on Friday disappointed a delegation of Gayaites on the issue of locating the Central University of Bihar (CUB) at Gaya not Motihari as resolved by the state government.Led by former minister and Magadh University Syndicate member Awadhesh Kumar Singh, the delegation met the CM at his Bihar legislative council chamber at Patna. Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi and education minister P K Shahi were also present on the occasion.According to delegation leader Awadhesh Kumar Singh, while remaining steadfast in his resolve to get the university established at Motihari, the CM said that the ball was in the Centre's court. \"It is their money and land and let them do it if they are really serious about it,\" said the CM. The CM also maintained that Motihari, as the seat of the central university, was settled during UPA-I rule when Arjun Singh was the Union HRD minister.Strongly pitching for Motihari, the CM gave a blow-by-blow account of the developments and said that in states like Odisha and Tamil Nadu , the central university was established in remote areas and only Bihar was being discriminated against on flimsy grounds. The objection on Motihari land being low lying has also been met, said the CM. He also trashed the infrastructure argument in favour of Gaya.Expressing his inability to go back on his commitment, the CM told the delegation members that after unanimous resolution by both Houses of the state legislature favouring Motihari as the seat of CUB, there was no question of going against the resolution of the legislature.The delegation members impressed upon the CM to agree to the Union HRD ministry proposal to establish the university at Gaya. According to CUB Struggle Committee convener Sanjay Sahay, the struggle committee will now mount pressure on the Union HRD minister Kapil Sibal to honour his commitment as the CM has thrown the ball in his court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12476799", "title": "Housewife prepares to scale Mt Lhotse", "text": "KOLKATA: Soma Bhattacharjee, a housewife from Tollygunge, is busy preparing for what promises to be a taxing time ahead. If everything goes right, she will become the first Indian woman to summit Mt Lhotse, the 8,516-metre and the fourth highest peak in the world. She will be led by Dipankar Ghosh and Rajib Bhattacharyya, the duo who summitted Mt Everest last year. Soumya Mukherjee will be the expedition co-ordinator .Soma will be part of the first expedition to Mt Lhotse from the state and will set off for Kathmandu on April 4. State sports minister Madan Mitra has assured assistance to the expedition.Mt Lhotse is one of the least-climbed peaks in the world, probably due to the challenges involved. Those attempting Mt Everest by the South Col have to climb the Lhotse Face which is a 1,125-metre wall of glacial blue ice. This face rises at 40-50 degree pitches with occasional 80 degree bulges. The Yellow Band and the Geneva Spur are two rocky sections on the upper part of the face.The expedition has been organized by the Beas Mountaineering Club of Sodepur, in association with Angan Chaariye, Srirampur . The summit bid will take place between May 7 and 18, 2012. If the team is successful, Soma may become the only woman after Chantal Mauduit to scale the peak. Mauduit was the first woman to reach the summit in 1996.\"I have been trekking from the age of 12 with my family members. From 2000, I have been involved in mountaineering with Bhadrakali Padatik. My maternal home is in Agarpara and I now live in Tollygunge with my in-laws . My husband is a musician and so are other members of his family . I have received full support from them in such activities,\" she said.Ghosh and Rajib Bhattacharyya have passed close to Mt Lhotse on their way to Mt Everest but they are no less thrilled with the prospect of adding one more feather to their caps. \"Nobody from West Bengal has attempted the climb. This climb will be as crucial as any other,\" Bhattacharyya said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12476605", "title": "National Centre for Radio Astrophysics discovers six neutron stars", "text": "PUNE: City-based National Centre for Radio Astrophysics (NCRA) has discovered six exotic millisecond pulsars (MSPs), which are highly magnetised and rapidly rotating compact and dense neutron stars, with the help of its Giant Metrewave Radio Telescope (GMRT), said researchers at the centre on Friday.The discovery amounts to a substantial increase in the number of known millisecond pulsars in our galaxy and will contribute in detecting gravitational waves, apart from allowing further study into the evolutionary processes leading to MSP formation.The team of researchers, led by Bhaswati Bhattacharyya (from IUCAA) and Jayanta Roy (from NCRA), has discovered the six MSPs during a short span of a year, contributing by 36% in enhancing the MSP population discovered by following up Fermi's (a space telescope by NASA surveying the high energy sky) unidentified sources.Software such as high performance computing back-end at the GMRT to collect high time-resolution data and a powerful high performance computing cluster at the IUCAA for data analysis have been used to make the discovery.\"We were trying to search for millisecond pulsars at certain positions, given by NASA's observatory Fermi Gamma-Ray Space Telescope. They provided us with 65 positions where these pulsars could be by means of which we found these six MSPs through GMRT,\" said Bhattacharyya.Earlier, in August 2008, NASA launched the Fermi Satellite, which has on-board the Large Area Telescope (LAT) instrument for surveying the sky. One of the successes of this mission has been the discovery of a large population of gamma ray-emitting MSPs.\"An international Pulsar Search Consortium was formed to search for millisecond pulsars and our team from GMRT joined the consortium. The discovery of such gamma ray selected MSPs, which also emit radio waves, is of great value, not only to enhance the MSP population that can contribute to the study of gravitational wave background, but also for probing the physics of pulsars,\" Roy added.MSPs include a 2.16 millisecond (ms) period pulsar which is in a very tight binary orbit of 2.8 hours with another very low-mass companion star. \"This pulsar is eclipsed for about 10% of its orbit by the material of its companion star. It, however, can provide the missing link between isolated and fully recycled pulsars, wherein the strong radiation from the pulsar slowly evaporates away the material from the companion star, leaving behind an isolated pulsar,\" said Roy, adding that such systems are called Black Widow systems, derived from the analogy of the black widow spider that destroys its companion in the later stage of life.The discovery is important because only two such systems have been discovered in the disk of our galaxy in the last 20 years.\"Another millisecond pulsar has the widest pulse profile shape among all known MSPs; while the team discovered another with a feature-less sharp-narrow profile. This pulsar can also be included in the International Pulsar Timing Arrays (IPTA),\" said Bhattacharyya. IPTA detects gravitational waves using an array of pulsars.Another MSP exhibits a new form of profile evolution different from that of the known radio MSPs; while yet another that was discovered is an isolated pulsar at the end of its evolutionary phase of life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12480744", "title": "9 Art galleries come together under one roof", "text": "Nine South Mumbai galleries get together and organise a joint art show this weekend at the Taj Land's End in Bandra.South Mumbai gallerists are all set to woo the suburban art enthusiasts. Nine of Mumbai's most established and emerging contemporary art galleries will be under one roof at the Mumbai Gallery Weekend at the Taj Land's End, Bandra.Usha Mirchandani of Galerie Mirchandani + Steinruecke says, \"This will be a unique event that will bring together a plethora of talented artists.\" The exhibition will showcase the best of paintings, sculpture and installation and videos by not just the emerging but also the established Indian and foreign artists.The new breed of young art appreciators and collectors who are well-traveled and have a high disposable income are suburban inhabitants who are not usually ready to travel for hours battling traffic to visit a South Mumbai gallery, and they are the ones who should be looking forward to this show. These yuppie, young collectors play a very important role in the city's contemporary art market.Birgit Zorniger, General Manager, Taj Lands End, says that they plan to make the Mumbai Gallery Weekend an annual event. She says, \"We strongly believe that there is a synergy between art and fine hotels and that is what we want to convey through this exhibition. Through a careful selection of artists who will present their work in the most contemporary and versatile manner which is accessible to everyone.\"Participating galleries include Chatterjee &amp; Lal, Chemould Prescott Road, Galerie Mirchandani + Steinruecke, Galley Maskara, The Guild, Lakeeren, Project 88, Sakshi Gallery and Volte.The exhibition will be open to public on Saturday March 31, 1pm to 8pm and on Sunday April 1, 11am to 6pm at the Garden View, Taj Lands End, Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12476622", "title": "Electronic gates fixed at Nandankanan", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Nandankanan zoo on Friday bid adieu to the system of manual checking of visitors' entry tickets by commissioning six electronic gates.Forest and environment minister Debi Prasad Mishra inaugurated the Rs 20 lakh facility, which was installed by a Hyderabad-based vendor. While the zoo spent Rs 14 lakh on the equipment, it used another Rs 6 lakh to construct a control room for running the system, zoo sources said.Zoo officials said guests can swipe the bar-coded tickets at the gates so that these open. The electronic surveillance will help check leak of revenue and bring in more transparency. Close circuit cameras have also been installed at the entry points to compliment the efforts, they said.The electronic gates will give an exact idea about number of visitors, adults and children separately, at any given point of time inside the zoo. Similarly, it will generate data on weekly and monthly inflow of visitors. Among others, the Hyderabad zoo is already using such a technology.\"The new system will effectively end recycling of tickets and bring respite to the visitors who had to stand in long queues for manual checking of their tickets,\" said zoo assistant director Kamal Lochan Purohit.Tickets for camera, however, will be issued and checked manually as is the prevalent practice. At present, the zoo charges Rs 10 per digital still camera, Rs 5 for still film camera and Rs 100 for video camera. An adult visitor has to pay Rs 20 while minors have to pay Rs 5 as entry fee to the zoo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12476413", "title": "Tweets, shares and candlelight for Earth Hour", "text": "KOCHI: NGOs in the city are tapping the social network to promote the concept of Earth Hour with Facebook shares and tweets. The medium that connects youngsters holds the key, they agree while embarking on campaigning. On March 31, Earth Hour will be celebrated in the city at Children's Park from 8.30pm to 9.30pm by switching off lights and holding a candlelight vigil.NGOs in the city have urged citizens to switch of lights for an hour and support this drive. \"One person's awareness can make a difference. It will give them an opportunity to do something for the environment, today one, tomorrow more people will follow suit,\" said chief coordinator for the Kochi- World Wildlife Fund (WWF) Vinod Malayiletha.WWF Sydney pioneered this novel concept to conserving energy. India adopted this idea in 2009 and Kochi also welcomed it wholeheartedly.Junior Chamber International (JCI) organizers say the number of volunteers have increased over the years. \"Youngsters are kicked about this idea and their response is heart warming. Though vacations have started, they call us for updates. Corporates accounts for a huge chunk of people who are participating in our drive,\" said JCI-Kochi vice-president Harinath Viswanathan.Various media organizations are also pitching their help to spread the cause. \"Our plea is simple - please switch off electricity for an hour and save energy,\" said Vinod.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12481678", "title": "A Pawan Kalyan-Hrithik Roshan birthday cake for Nitiin", "text": "Actor Nitiin has always worn his love for his favorite stars, Pawan Kalyan and Bollywood hearthrob Hrithik Roshan , on his sleeve. And when the actor turned a year older on Friday, he celebrated his birthday with both the stars on his birthday cake! The cake, that was made by his friend, had photo impressions of the two stars, much to Nitiin's delight. A thrilled Nitiin tweeted about the cake and even uploaded a photo of the same on his micro-blogging page. The actor is a true blue Pawan Kalyan fan who loved Pawan's blockbuster hits \"Khushi\", \"Badri\", \"Thammudu\" and has no qualms in admitting that he watched some of the Power Star's films like \"Tholi Prema\" numerous times.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12476793", "title": "Headmasters to be appointed through promotion in schools", "text": "PATNA: State education minister P K Shahi on Friday admitted in the Bihar Legislative Council that teaching in Rajkiyakrit Project Secondary Schools has been affected due to delay in appointment of 2,000 headmasters.Replying to a starred question of Kedar Nath Pandey, CPI, about a decision to fill up the posts of headmasters in these schools through cent per cent promotion, Shahi said a decision has been taken in this regard and an amendment made to the relevant rules.On being countered by some council members that the original rules provide that only 50 percent posts of headmasters should be filled by promotion and 50 per cent through selection, Shahi said that the Bihar Public Service Commission (BPSC), which has to select the headmasters, was saddled with huge backlogs of appointments in different departments. He said that if the matter of selection of headmasters is left to the BPSC, it will take five-six years to complete the selection process.Shahi said due to absence of permanent headmasters in project secondary schools, the quality of teaching had been affected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12480877", "title": "Aadi replaces Siddharth", "text": "Post the success of \"Pilla Zamindar\" filmmaker Ashok is on a high.With praise coming in from all quarters, with even actor Siddharth expressing a desire to work with him, the filmmaker announced a venture with the actor. KVV Satyanarayana of Soudamini creations announced a project titled \"Sukumarudu\" with Siddharth and Ashok as director.Meanwhile, Sidd assured the producers that he'll start shooting for the film as soon as he wraps up Nandini Reddy's next. But it seems that the producers can't wait for Sidd to finish his film. Instead, the makers have roped in Aadi of \"Prema Kavali\" fame. The pooja of the latest venture was held yesterday.Industry insiders are whispering about the producer's unprofessional attitude by replacing Siddharth with Aadi when the former had already committed to doing the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12481635", "title": "Filmi family trouble", "text": "Looks like the young stars from prominent filmi families are constantly under pressure not only to prove their worth as actors, but also keeping their family life away from all sorts of scrutiny.For example, if a particular family member is missing in action from a star's filmi functions, tongues begin to wag on a possible fallout.The latest victim to this is none other than actor NTR Jr. At the recent audio launch of \" Dammu\", the members of the Nandamuri clan - Nandamuri Balakrishna, Hari Krishna, Kalyan Ram and Taraka Ratna were conspicuous by their absence. This automatically led to people assuming that there is a split in the family due to their various political affiliations.While NTR Jr campaigned extensively for Chandrababu Naidu's TDP, Balakrishna stated his political aspirations and has announced his desire to contest in the next elections. With NTR Jr staying away from politics for the moment, all assumptions led to a possible rift. Guess , apart from promoting their films, stars from prominent families now have to answer queries on family dynamics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12476514", "title": "2 Sri Chitra Home inmates to leave for Taiwan today", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: It was a an unforgettable day for the children and staff of the Sri Chitra Home for Destitute &amp; Infirm as they gave a hearty send off to Jincy L B and Anakha Biju, who were leaving for Taiwan to participate in the Taiwan International Children's Film Festival.State transport minister V S Sivakumar was also present on the occasion, wishing them a happy journey at a function held at Sree Chitra Home on Friday morning. Sivakumar lauded Jincy, Anakha and their three friends Hima Chandran, Vishnupriya and Asmi Rejuwalla Fatema for their achievement.Director of social welfare S Jaya and corporation councillor Rajendran Nair were also present. The movie produced by the five girls, 'Nishaadam', is competing in the 'Little Directors' category in the Taiwan festival. The movie will be screened on April 1 at the fest.\"It is a happy occasion where two children of the Home along with three other girls did our state proud by getting selected for the Taiwan International Film festival,\" said Sivakumar. \"I am sure their achievement has evoked inspiration and motivation among their fellow inmates here,\" he added.\"It is brilliant how much these five children could achieve within such a short period of training,\" said Sivakumar. During the function, Sivakumar also gave a 'pocket money' of Rs 2,000 each of the five girls.The girls will leave for Taiwan from Thiruvananthapuram, via Kochi-New Delhi on Saturday. Social welfare probationary officer of Kozhikode division Ashraf Pavil will accompany the children. The government had sanctioned Rs 5 lakh for meeting the expenses of the journey. The children will make their return trip from Taiwan on April 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12475591", "title": "Vigil tonight to save planet", "text": "NEW DELHI: Earth Hour is back. At 8.30pm on Saturday, hundreds of Delhiites will join people across the planet in switching off lights to pledge their support for the fight against climate change. A candlelight march will mark the event in Delhi where NCC cadets will form 60+, the symbol for Earth Hour, in front of Amar Jawan Jyoti at India Gate.The capital will witness several Earth Hour vigils, primarily in colonies where children will lead the symbolic fight to save the planet. \"We have reached out to schools and colleges, government departments and private organizations to take part in the event. India Gate, Qutub Minar and Humayun's Tomb, the three monuments lit at night, will also see lights turned off for an hour starting at 8.30pm. Some government buildings and several hotels and banks will join in as well,\" said a government official.Organised by WWF, the fourth edition Earth Hour will see cities compete for the title of the Earth Hour 2012 Champion City. The award will be given on the basis of people participation and electricity saved during the one hour of lights off. While Sachin Tendulkar is this year's national ambassador, most major cities have their own local heroes to lead their campaigns. Delhi will be represented by musicians Amaan and Ayaan Ali.Ravi Singh , secretary general, WWF-India, said: \"Last year, Earth Hour encouraged individuals to adopt environment-friendly practices in everyday life that would benefit the planet. In taking that message forward, Earth Hour 2012 aims at encouraging entire cities to collectively shift towards sustainable development by undertaking better land, water and energy management, which will reduce the growing environmental impact of our urban lifestyles.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12477171", "title": "Walkathon to observe Earth Hour Week", "text": "INDORE: Hundreds of Indoreans walked to spread the message of 'Save earth' on Friday morning. The walkathon was organised by Confederation of Indian Industry ( CII) and Young Indians to observe Earth Hour Week in the city. The walkathon started from RNT Marg and passed through Regal Square, YC Road and Yashwant Club before coming back to the starting point.A large number of morning walkers also joined the walkathon enroute. Volunteers were spotted briefing the passersby and onlookers about the Earth Hour and why it is being celebrated. In the evening, an event was organised to create awareness about saving electricity and environment.On Saturday, Earth Hour will be observed between 8.30 and 9.30 pm and it will mark the culmination of Earth Hour Week. Prachi Gulati, one of the organizers, said that Earth Hour Day on Saturday will start with India classical rendition by 'Aahuti' and nukkad nataks and rock band performance by 'Hypnotica' will bring the curtain down on week-long celebrations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12476467", "title": "Fusion music is a valid genre: Shubha Mudgal", "text": "KOCHI: One is not surprised by the no nonsense aura of Shubha Mudgal. It as strong as her rendition, crystal clear and to the point.Shubha is in town to to enthrall Kochi at the Jose Thomas Performing arts centre on Saturday. Recently she garnered much popularity in the internet for her collaborative works with young bands like the Bangalore-based Swaratma.From 90s this Hindustani diva was known for making classical music more accessible to the youth. Three decades of Khyal, Thumri, Dadra and Indi-Pop music has been a very satisfying journey, said Shubha.\"I think fusion music is a valid musical genre for musicians who would like to collaborate with different musical systems and cultures. Neither do I swear by it, nor do I condemn it. It is just one of the countless forms of music prevalent in India,\" said Mudgal, who grew up listening to all kinds of music thanks to her parents and gurus.Many people in south India are unaware that she is also a composer. \"I started composing over two decades ago and I love it even today. I have just composed and recorded a song titled 'Aakhir Kyon' written by eminent Hindi poet Aalok Shrivastav. The song was recorded as part of the White Ribbon Alliance's advocacy for safe motherhood,\" she said.Shubha is no stranger to Kerala and Kochi. \"If I remember correctly, I performed for the first time in Kochi after eminent scholar Dr Raghav R Menon invited me to a fund raising concert for Raksha - a care facility for children with special needs,\" said the 53 year-old singer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12475583", "title": "Panels to look into use of allotted land to institutes", "text": "JAIPUR: Concerned over the purely commercial use of land allotted at the most nominal rates to medical and educational institutes, which are bound to provide certain facilities to BPL families, the state government has ordered special committees in all local bodies to submit a report on such institutions.State urban development and housing minister Shanti Dhariwal on Friday informed the House during the question hour that the committees have been directed to submit their reports within three months, following which action would be initiated against the officials found guilty. Dhariwal was replying to a query raised by senior BJP legislator from Udaipur Gulab Chand Kataria, who had sought details on the number of land allotments in the last decade to such institutions.Admitting that the department had fallen short of taking appropriate action and doing the needful in several cases, the minister said these committees will provide a factual report after verifying if the set guidelines and conditions of social responsibility were being implemented by these institutions. Bringing it to the notice of the House that the conditions set while allotting land to these institutions included reserved beds for BPL patients along with treatment and medicines at 25% of the cost, Kataria added that educational institutes were expected to reserve 25% seats for BPL, SC, ST and others. He claimed that in most cases where the institute could be not be started in three years after the land allotment, the state government had the right to repossess the land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12479268", "title": "Bollywood\u2019s biggest rebirths", "text": "When it comes to makeovers, our desi chaliyas and chammak challos ain't that far behindCLOSE SHAVE SAIF ALI KHAN FOR \"OMKARA\" Apna Chhote Nawab, has come a long way from his \"Aashiq Awara\" days - we mean in terms of looks too! With his depiction of the rustic Langda Tyagi in Vishal Bhardwaj's 2006 film \"Omkara\", the actor made it obvious that he was here to stay. Looking every bit the mean and conniving villager with facial hair and a close-cropped hair, Saif took villainy to an all-new high. Although the actor has undergone many makeovers since (\"Tashan\", \"Kurbaan\", \"Aarakshan\", \"Kal Ho Naa Ho\", \"Parineeta\" and \"Hum Tum\") Langda Tyagi will remain one of his iconic makeovers in B-town.THE HULK AAMIR KHAN FOR \"GHAJINI\" Looking at his chiselled and heavily tattooed body in this film, people would surely have a hard time relating to the cute, lanky 'Raj' from \"Qayamat Se Qayamat Tak\"! For someone who has always stood up for experimentation, whether in terms of roles, movies or appearance, Aamir's transformation for his character in \"Ghajini\" remains one of his biggest milestones. In fact, his hairstyle for the film, an extreme crew-cut with uneven yet designed partitions on the scalp, became a rage across the country. Significantly, Mr Perfectionist used to work out for three hours everyday for almost a year to bulk up. Unforgettable? Hell, yeah!SILK ROUTE VIDYA BALAN FOR \"THE DIRTY PICTURE\" While Bebo went size zero, Vidya Balan took the 'silk route' to sexy - from medium to an XL - for \"The Dirty Picture\". And while Kareena made lean fashionable with her makeover in \"Tashan\", Vidya brought back not just the curves but also love handles around those outlines into vogue! Vidya's uninhibited portrayal of Southern siren Silk Smitha in the film not just brought her critical acclaim and a National Award but also ushered in a phase where even plus-sized women would feel more comfortable in their own skins. Atta girl!HAIR SCARE SANJAY DUTT FOR \" AGNEEPATH \" Bald on the lines of Mogambo? Check. Gothic tattoos? Check. No eyebrows? Check. Villain? You got it! If the affable Gandhian Munna Bhai tugged at your heart strings, Sanjay Dutt as Kancha Cheena will send a shiver down your spine. Dutt's makeover for this cult character from the movie \"Agneepath\" can easily be termed one of the scariest ever. In fact, the actor himself got scared of his look several times during the course of filming the movie something he admitted later!GROUND ZERO KAREENA KAPOOR FOR \"TASHAN\" Scorching the screen in a yellow bikini, Bebo took glam to an international level in her 'size zero' avatar in \"Tashan\". And then began the race, yes for exactly what a real race is supposed to give you - a fit, perfect figure! Bebo's transition from the cute, girl-next-door avatar in \"Jab We Met\" to the siren in \"Tashan\" was praiseworthy and continues to be not only her own, but one of the biggest makeovers ever witnessed in Bollywood. Add to that size, tanned skinned and straightened hair, and Bebo is the stuff fantasies are made of. We like, we like!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12476982", "title": "Sub Inspector shot at in Naubasta outpost succumbs to injuries", "text": "KANPUR: A 35-year-old sub-inspector of police, who was shot at along with a police constable in the Naubasta police outpost allegedly by a drunken youth late on Thursday night, succumbed to injuries while undergoing treatment at the Intensive Care Unit (ICU) of the Regency hospital in the city on Friday.The condition of the police constable undergoing treatment at the Lala Lajpat Rai Hospital, was, however stated to be stable. The accused Saurabh Verma, an advocate and a resident of Kesar Vihar Colony in Naubasta area, sprayed bullets from his licensed .32 bore revolver on the cops, including Naubasta police out-post incharge Devendra Kumar and constable Mohan Singh Baghel (34) on the premises of the police out-post when they were trying to pacify him following a family feud.According to reports, the accused returned home in a drunken state on late Thursday night and had a heated argument with his father Ram Nath Verma, a retired UPFC official over purchase of a two-wheeler. After the tiff, Saurabh allegedly roughed up his father and also threatened to shoot by his licensed revolver.Later, Ram Nath and neighbours alerted the police control room and Naubasta police out-post incharge Devendra Kumar about the ruckus being created by his son Saurabh. As soon as the SI received the information, he swung into action and reached the Kesar Vihar residence of Ram Nath along with police constable Mohan Das Baghel and brought Saurabh to the police out-post in an auto-rickshaw to sort out the matter.It was during the counseling the SI was reportedly giving to Saurabh that he pulled out revolver from his pocket at shot Devendra twice in the head. Baghel was hit by a bullet in his palm. The accused also opened fire at another constable, Satyabhan, but he escaped unhurt.As Saurabh tried to escape flashing his revolver after the shooting, Satyabhan raised an alarm and snatched his gun. The accused was soon overpowered and arrested by Satyabhan and other policemen. Satyabhan then informed the senior police officers about the incident.Both IG Piyush Anand and DIG Amitabh Yash immediately reached the outpost along with a huge police force. They then was rushed the critically injured SI Devendra to the Regency Hospital while Mohan Das Baghel was admitted to the LLR Hospital.\"The incident took place around 11.20 am, when Shailendra alias Saurabh Verma was brought to the police out-post by SI Devendra Kumar following an information from his father Ram Nath Verma that he was creating a ruckus in the house. It was while Devendra was trying to pacify a tipsy Saurabh inside the police out-post that the latter whipped out his licensed revolver and fired indiscriminately. The SI and constable Mohan Singh Baghel were injured in the shootout. The injured SI was rushed to the Regency Hospital where he died later during treatment,\" said DIG Amitabh Yash.\"On hearing the gun-shots, panicky locals ran towards the police out-post but none could muster enough courage to enter the premises as the accused was continuously firing at the policemen,\" a Naubasta resident said. \"The accused fired several shots at the police officer from a very close range following which he slumped to the ground,\" police constable Satyabhan, who overpowered the accused, told TOI.\"The attack on a police officer inside a police out-post is shocking and this is was probably the first incident of its king in the city,\" said a senior police official.The DIG said as per departmental rules, an ex-gratia of Rs 10 lakh would be given to the SI's kin.A native of Bani Khas village in Kaushambhi district, Devendra was a 2005 batch SI and had been posted in the district about three years ago. Devendra had also served as a primary school teacher before joining as a sub-inspector of Uttar Pradesh Police. He used to live alone in a rented accommodation in Shyamnagar area of the city.\"An FIR against Saurabh has been lodged in this regard and further investigations are underway,\" the DIG said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12476757", "title": "He breathes theatre", "text": "Having studied economics, he should have been dabbling with figures, number-crunching. But Prasad Kundur is into theatre, acting and directing plays and promoting the theatre movement in Karnataka.Besides the entertainment part of theatre, what drives him to the stage is its social appeal. The 43-year-old, who is a post-graduate in economics, is striving to create awareness among people about social issues, and fighting social evils.Being an artiste and the managing trustee of art foundation Nirantara, Prasad has been performing and organizing plays to educate people about water management, rainwater harvesting, and the sufferings of people in the aftermath of communal violence. The problems faced by women too have made it to the street plays staged and directed by Nirantara.The passionate artiste conducts a free 45-day workshop on theatre activities for college students. There, he teaches them social and cultural values, utilizing Rs 1.5 lakh donated for his foundation to organize such workshops.Prasad, with a troupe of 20 artistes, had staged street plays on water management in 100 villages of Bagalkot district four years ago. \"Plays not only entertainment people, but also works for the welfare of the society by sending out good messages,\" adds Prasad, who also screens documentaries on rainwater harvesting in villages. \"Hailing from a poor family, I know the social problems. I try to change the mentality of people so they are made aware about water management and other crisis through plays,\" he said, and revealed his plans to conduct free theatre training programmes for children to promote and conserve theatre activities.Nowadays, Prasad is busy collecting funds from his friends for a cultural centre that he has proposed to build in the heritage city. According to him, apart from Bhoomigeetha in Rangayana, there is not even one good stage with the required facilities. \"The proposed culture centre will comprise different stages for dance, music, and theatre artistes. The venue will be provided for free to artistes for rehearsal and performance,\" said Prasad.Prasad, who is residing in the city for the past 30 years along with his architect-wife Merina Prasad, has also been teaching drama for free to students of government schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12474935", "title": "Scholars divided over Bhagmati\u2019s existence", "text": "HYDERABAD: Two decades ago, amidst hectic preparation for the 400 year celebrations of Hyderabad (in 1991) the government instructed the state department of archeology and museums to 'produce' the final resting place of Bhagmati or Hyder Mahal - courtesan and lady love of Quli Qutub Shah after whom the city was named - within seven days. The ever obliging department produced one in the Old City pronto. The official who found it is learnt to have said then to historians that he should be given credit for at least finding one from the Qutub Shahi period and so what if it wasn't Bhagmati's!This would have remained just another anecdote that city historians laughingly share about historical blunders, had it not been for the rediscovery of the tomb by revenue officials in Yakutpura in an unlikely address, that of Zaffer Pehalwan's residence. Now some historians and heritage experts maintain that while this is not the tomb where she was buried, they note that the legend of Bhagmati is not fiction. Others, of course, question Bhagmati's existence.Former director of the department of archeology Krishna Sastry said that Bhagmati did exist because she has been an integral part of the folklore of the Deccan and oral narrations have a semblance of authenticity. \"Bhagmati's name appears in authentic travelogues of the French traveller Jean-Baptiste Tavernier who had also written about the construction of Mecca Masjid. Bhagmati was from a village near the city called Chechlam. Some scholars say that she was a mythical figure but the fact that the Sultan wedded her and named her Hyder Mahal is irrefutable, though her lineage is not known,\" says Sastry. He noted that it was unfortunate that Bhagmati was not buried beside her husband at the seven tombs but in Dabeerpura, where he claims is Bhagmati's final resting place.Historians are of the opinion that folklore and romanticism are woven into the fabric of history. Heritage activist Sajjad Shahid says that Bhagmati did indeed exist but the tomb in Yakutpura wasn't hers. He added that inter-faith ishq in medieval Deccan wasn't uncommon but the systematic and sinister smear campaign of the Mughals against the Deccan rulers tore off Bhagmati's name from the pages of history.Habeeb Nisar, assistant professor of history, University of Hyderabad too says that the Qutub Shahi kings were ridiculed for political gain but says that there is no reason to believe that Bhagmati did exist. \"The courtesan is a fantasy. There is no strong evidence to prove that she lived,\" he said.The tomb at Yakutpura indeed has brought scholars together who say that thorough research is required on the subject. Salma Farooqui, associate professor of history Manuu says, \"More research should be done on the tomb. The date of construction should be corroborated from Qutub Shahi period records. Prostitution was a legal occupation in the neighbouring Vijayanagara kingdom and since Bhagmati was a courtesan, a detailed study of the courtesans of the periods should be done.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12475912", "title": "Akhilesh Yadav cuts CM\u2019s fleet from 40 to 8", "text": "LUCKNOW: A day after climbing the watch tower of his official bungalow to ask after his guards' well-being, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav , on Friday, sprang another surprise on unsuspecting officials. Issuing orders to scale down his security cover, Akhilesh has now said his fleet will be reduced from 40 to eight vehicles.Pack up orders were also issued to the specialised hospital kept operational at the CM's official residence. Nearly 22 pharmacists, a dozen nurses, four hi-tech ambulances and specialist doctors on 24x7 duty, manning the medical unit, have also been sent packing to locations where they can be more ``constructively employed''. According to conservative estimates, an annual expenditure of over Rs 2 crore was incurred towards keeping the unit functional.For a bureaucratic lobby that had become used, during the previous regime, to pumping up the CM's security, Friday's order came as a shock for many. A senior official of the Estate department said while there was no upper limit to the number of cars that accompanied a chief minister, former CM Mayawati's convoy was the largest any UP CM has had, yet. After the current downsizing of his fleet, however, Akhilesh will be accompanied by a troop of ambassadors and an SUV fitted with jammers.Friday's austerity drive, though, is not limited to Akhilesh's entourage. Marching orders were also given to the 32 members of 5, Kalidas Marg's kitchen staff - food tasters and cooks - who were on 24X7 duty during the former CM's regime. Samajwadi Party spokesperson Rajendra Chaudhary, said: ``It was a complete mockery of the democratic systems. In the BSP regime, the chief minister never met the masses. Even the roads leading to the official residence were kept off limits for people. This road will also be accessible to the public again.''For the residents of Lucknow who only heard, but seldom saw their chief minister in the city, there is yet another surprise on the cards. Akhilesh, the state's 38-year-old CM, has also done away with security regulations that were imposed when the chief minister's convoy passed through the city. The use of hooters, each time he moves, has also been prohibited. During Mayawati's regime, the routes on which she travelled were blocked for public use nearly half an hour in advance; roads were also washed clean before the CM's convoy travelled.Though orders in this regard were not issued, the secretariat staff in Lal Bahadur Sharti Bhavan are also likely to be in for an unpleasant surprise. Used to a five-day week, many officials and senior babus have had to work through Saturdays, with Akhilesh turning up, unannounced, at his annexe office. For the secretariat staff craving a long weekend, this Saturday is unlikely to offer a respite; with a meeting between Akhilesh and Union Minister for Rural Development Jairam Ramesh scheduled on Saturday, discussions on UP's strategy for rural growth will keep at least some officers busy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12474338", "title": "Senior officers made accountable for illegal felling", "text": "MUMBAI: Bhaskar Jadhav, minister of state for forests, announced in the state assembly on Friday that officers higher than rank of RFO and DFO would be held responsible for illegal felling in their respective areas. Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar said that MSEDCL would immediately disconnect electricity connection of illegal saw mills if forest department provided the list.The issue of illegal felling rocked the state assembly on Friday with several MLAs from opposition as well as treasury benches alleging corruption by forest officials. Slamming the officials, Jadhav said it was a matter of concern that illegal felling was going on in the state even though forest staffers had been provided arms and vehicles and large number of forest guards had been promoted.Admitting illegal felling in various parts of the state, forest minister Patangrao Kadam told the house about the measures being taken by the department to check it. He said that it was not possible to replant the big trees along the roads. He also gave a six month extension to committee of MLAs constituted for checking illegal felling.Cattle kill compensation in a monthMUMBAI: Minister of state for forests Bhaskar Jadhav assured the House on Friday that the persons whose cattle are killed by tigers or leopards would get compensation within a month. BJP state president Sudhir Mungantiwar had raised the issue of cattle being killed by tigers in Chandrapur district and atmosphere of fear prevailing in parts of Bhandara district.MLA Nana Patole said that there were many cases wherein people had not been given compensation for years. Jadhav said he would look into such cases.Speaker pulls up MogheMUMBAI: Social welfare minister Shivajirao Moghe was pulled up by speaker Dilip Walse-Patil for his casual approach towards a goof up regarding distribution of tricycles to handicapped persons. The speaker also ordered strict action against the guilty officials.MLA Prashant Bamb had asked whether it was true that many tricycles to be distributed among handicapped persons for free were lying in Aurangabad zilla parishad godown since last three years and had got rusted. In a written reply, Moghe said that this was incorrect. The next question was that whether an enquiry was going on into the incident. The answer was no.The fact was that 178 tricycles were lying in panchayat samiti godown for the last two years. So as the question was factually incorrect there was no question of an enquiry. This fact came out when Moghe and minister of state Sachin Ahir were asked several questions by MLAs Sudhir Mungantiwar and R M Wani.Walse-Patil became so infuriated by social welfare department's slyness he ordered Moghe to immediately issue show cause notices to the chief executive officer of Aurangabad zilla parishad and Aurangabad district social welfare officer. He also ordered that cost of damaged tricycles should be recovered from their salaries. \"Submit a report to the House regarding the action taken by you,\" an infuriated Patil said.Ex-police patil to face actionMUMBAI: Revenue ministry's move to prevent action against a police patil came a cropper with the speaker's direction to do so. In 1993 D R Thakur was employed as a police patil by subdivisional magistrate of Chandur (railway) on the basis of caste certificate issued by the then executive magistrate of Dhamangaon. Thakur got the job in scheduled tribe (ST) category. He took voluntary retirement in 2006. In 2009, a person lodged a complaint against validity of Thakur's caste certificate and in February 2011, the certificate was found to be bogus.Leader of opposition Eknath Khadse, during the question hour, demanded that the entire remuneration paid to Thakur by the government between 1993 and 2006 be recovered and a criminal complaint lodged against him. Prakash Solankhe, minister of state for revenue, said no action was to be taken as Thakur had retired in 2006. When Khadse and others took Solankhe to task, he said he would consult the law and judiciary department and take appropriate action.Khadse said there was no question of taking an opinion as it was clear cut case of fraud. Speaker Dilip Walse-Patil agreed and told Solankhe there was no need to take legal opinion. Solankhe then announced that action would be taken. Revenue minister Balasaheb Thorat agreed to lodge a criminal complaint against Thakur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12475887", "title": "\u2018Witnesses must be protected\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Witnesses should be protected, especially when they are testifying against accused who are influential, said the Bombay high court on Friday.The court was hearing a petition seeking transfer of trial in the Pawanraje Nimbalkar murder case from Alibaug to Mumbai or Goa. Twelve of the 20 witnesses in the case have turned hostile so far. MP Padamsinh Patil is the main accused in the case.\"Ensure that witnesses are not under pressure,\" Justice R C Chavan told the CBI. \"Transferring the trial from Alibaug to Mumbai or Goa is not going to make any difference, except for delaying it. In cases where the opposite side is very influential, the investigating agency has to protect witnesses and see to it that they don't turn hostile,'' added the judge. The court directed CBI officers to visit witnesses' homes and \"check if they are facing any threat\". It also ordered the CBI to file an affidavit in the case in a week.In June 2006, Nimbalkar and his driver were gunned down in Kalamboli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12476002", "title": "Alina will contest from Cortalim", "text": "MARGAO: In a significant development, former tourism minister Matanhy Saldanha's widow Alina has agreed to pick up the mantle of leadership of Cortalim constituency from her departed husband, sources said.Sources close to the Saldanha family said Alina made it clear to Cansaulim villagers that she was willing to contest the byelections, following a meeting of villagers at Saldanha's Cansaulim residence on Friday.Speakers at the meeting beseeched Alina to \"lead and give direction to the movement that was spearheaded by Matanhy\". Members of Goencho ramponkaracho ekvott spoke and deliberated at length on what late Matanhy's dreams were for Cortalim and Goa at large.Sources said that at the end of the meeting, Alina, \"overwhelmed with the love and affection bestowed upon her and the kind words spoken about her late husband acknowledged and addressed the gathering and thanked the people for their kind support in her difficult times\".Alina told the gathering, sources said, that \"the mission for her life now onwards would be to dedicate herself to carry on and fulfill the dreams and aspirations of her late husband for Cortalim constituency and Goa\".\"Knowing her husband well and his selfless nature she felt her decision would be blessed by her husband from his heavenly abode,\" sources said, adding that the gathering pledged to work under Alina's leadership.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12476977", "title": "Diplomacy hurdle for Haryana kidnap case", "text": "KOLKATA: Sub-inspector Shakunt Raaj of Haryana Police had no inkling that an investigation of a simple case would lead him to a diplomatic tug of war.Probing a complaint by Siyaram Khuswa, whose daughter Ganda had gone missing from Haryana's Dharuhera since March 19, Raaj and his colleague Dhanraj Singh of Rewari police station reached Dinhata in Cooch Behar on Thursday. Khuswa had alleged in his complaint that Ershad Ali, a youth from Dinhata, had befriended his daughter and whisked her away to Bengal. The Haryana cops asked their Bengal counterparts to help them find the house of the accused.However, efforts by the cops from Haryana turned futile as Dinhata Police refused help citing a diplomatic hurdle. \"The house of Ershad is located at Korola in Dinhata block - a Bangladesh enclave. The officials of Dinhata police station refused to enter Bangladesh enclave since it's a foreign territory and an intrusion may cause major diplomatic problems,\" said sources.It may be noted that in December 2010, such a diplomatic hitch had forced the officials of both India and Bangladesh to abandon the body of an Indian girl, who was found murdered in Shiba Prasad Mustafi village inside a Bangladeshi enclave. Later, members of Bharat Bangladesh Enclave Exchange Cooedination Committee (BBEECC) intervened and the body was recovered. But by then, some wild animals had already started feasting on the body. Keeping in mind the incident, the Dinhata cops have asked Haryana Police to contact the enclave activists to sort out the issue.Meanwhile, Sanjay Yadav, station head of Rewari, told TOI over phone that Khuswa and his daughter were originally from Rewta village of MP's Panna district. They used to work at a construction site under Deruhar police station limit. Ershad, who used to work there too, befriended Ganda and reportedly married her. Police had registered an FIR under sections 363 and 366 of IPC on March 26. \"I have no problem in talking to the enclave activists. We just want the girl to record her statement,\" said Yadav.Cooch Behar SP Pranab Das, however, refused to comment. Diptiman Sengupta, convener of BBEECC, said: \"For long, we have been trying to draw the attention of both the state and the Centre that enclaves are vulnerable places from the security point of view. A terrorist too can take shelter in these enclaves after committing major sabotage in India. We will provide full support in the case if the cops approach us.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12475948", "title": "Will Akhilesh allay Facebook techie\u2019s fears?", "text": "LUCKNOW: Astronomical pay packages offered to India's B-schools and technical institution students always make big news. So, when an Allahabad boy from the local national institute of technology bagged a job offer of Rs 1.34 crore per annum from a company like Facebook, everyone thought he would bask in the media glory.But, he has requested the media not to divulge his name for 'security reasons'. The boy says that he will have to go to US for the job but back home the news might invite trouble for his widow mother in the crime-infested state where extortion by goons is a common practice.His request reflects the sentiments of the people who on the basis of the past experiences fear the return of `goonda raj' in Samajwadi Party (SP) rule. And, this poses a big challenge for Akhilesh Yadav, who has promised to convert UP into an industrial and information technology hub. Even is cabinet boasts of a former IIM professor Abhishek Mishra.Improvement in law and order is not only important to instill confidence in the people but also crucial for attracting industries because lawlessness has been one of the major deterrents for industrialists to invest in UP. But the situation does not appear to be promising going by the violent incidents in the state after SP assumed power earlier this month by winning assembly elections with absolute and resounding majority.Sample this: On March 6, soon after declaration of results, SP workers clashed with police and attacked journalists in Jhansi. On March 7, SP workers allegedly torched Dalit homes in a village in Sitapur for not supporting party candidate. On March 15, soon after Akhilesh Yadav took oath of office in Lucknow, SP supporters took over the stage and created ruckus. On March 25 a roadways officer was attacked by mining mafia in Jalaun. On March 26, a SP worker allegedly shot a block development officer in Jhansi for filing a case against him. Even police menare not safe. On March 28, a police inspector and three home guards who had gone to solve a dispute were held captive and beaten up by the people in Banamai village of Barthana, a SP stronghold.Akhilesh has promised to improve situation and expelled over two dozen workers found to be indulging in anti-social activities. He has also banned the use of banners and hooters by workers and issued directions to enroll only `clean' persons in party. But what makes people jittery is the presence of people with 'criminal' past, and present. The SP had fielded 199 candidates with criminal record, of which 92 have serious criminal cases such as murder, attempt to murder, kidnapping, extortion etc pending against them. Of 224 elected MLAs, 111 have criminal cases, of which 56 have serious cases. And, 28 out of 47 ministers have criminal cases against them. Names of musclemen like Raja Bhaiyya, Durga Prasad Yadav and Mehbood Ali in cabinet are also a cause of concern.\"Improvement in law and order will not only be good for industrialisation and development of UP but but will also help us retaining talent which migrates to safe and secure places,\" said Prof Manoj Dixit, head, public administration department, Lucknow university.SP leaders, however, are hopeful that things will change. Samajwadi Chatra Sabha's Sunil Yadav said \"Let me assure that under the chief ministership of Akhilesh Yadav, a person earning Rs 10 is as much safe and secure as one earning Rs 1 crore because this is the government of aam aadmi and nobody can dare threaten him\".\"Today UP's situation is similar to what was Bihar under Lalu Prasad. For a change, Akhilesh needs to do what Nitish Kumar did in Bihar. Nitish Kumar called a meeting of all the officers and told them to register FIR on every complaint and not to entertain phone call of any politician in cases related to law and order,\" said a senior police officer who has also worked in Bihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12475963", "title": "Good old beer in new bottles, insists state", "text": "MUMBAI: With the state government set to implement an old rule which makes it compulsory for beer and wine manufacturers to use new bottles, beer manufacturers stand to lose nearly Rs 400 crore annually.The manufacturers said four crore boxes of beer are sold annually in Maharashtra; each box contains 12 bottles, and hence 48 crore bottles are sold. Manufacturers were using recycled bottles even though rule 11 (5) of the Maharashtra Manufacture of Beer and Wine Rules 1966 prescribed that new, clean bottles should be used. A new bottle costs Rs 11, while an old bottle costs Rs 3.A division bench of Justices D D Sinha and V K Tahilramani was on March 22 hearing a plea by Hindustan Breweries and Bottling Ltd, which alleged it was singled out.The judges said it was hygienic to use new bottles and wondered why the state government had not implemented the law. V A Sonpal, the state's advocate, said action will be taken against any manufacturer who violates the law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12475971", "title": "25% of Goan households have four-wheelers", "text": "PANAJI: One in every fourth household owns a four-wheeler in Goa. The number of households owning a four-wheeler in the state has increased from 11% in 2001 to 25% in 2011.Against this, the number of people owning a cycle has decreased from 31.49% to 24.6% in the last 10 years. In contrast, 45% of the households in the country have a cycle, 21% have two-wheelers and 5% four-wheelers.According to Census 2011 data on houses, household amenities and assets-Goa, released on Friday, 77% of the people own the house they stay in and almost 26% stay in two room houses and another 22% in three room houses. Of the 5,76,582 houses surveyed, 22% of the houses were vacant.Almost 81% Goan homes have a television set and 57% have a two-wheeler.An average Indian may spend eight hours a day that is almost half the time he is awake, on the internet but in Goa, only 12.7% of the houses have a computer or laptop with internet connection. Another 18.4% have either a computer or laptop but no internet connectivity.Though computers and internet have yet to become all consuming in the state, mobiles have become a definite means to stay connected.Data reveals that 7.1% houses in rural Goa and 16.3% in urban Goa have a computer and laptop with internet facility. Almost 17.2% in rural Goa and 19.2% in urban Goa have a computer.The number is higher in comparison with rest of the country, where only 3% of the households have a computer or laptop with internet facility. The penetration of mobile phone in Goa is 53.8% and landline is 12%. Of the houses surveyed, 76% are in good condition and 22% are livable. About 1.5% houses are dilapidated. Almost 33% houses have used concrete as roof material, 63% have used stone packed with mortar as wall material and 44% have mosaic or floor tiles.Only 3% households in the state don't use electricity as a main source of light, as compared to 67% households in the country that use electricity. While just 15% households in Goa don't have tap water connection, in rest of the country only 43.5% households use tap water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12478988", "title": "Priyanka gets into the groove", "text": "The actor, on Thursday, canned a song-and-dance sequence with Priyanshu Chatterjee for Goutam Ghose's 'Shunyo Awnko'On Thursday evening, Priyanka canned a song and dance sequence at a restaurant in Manali, which has been set up at a film city in Kolkata. Talking about the sequence, Priyanka adds, \"The dance sequence isn't of any specific genre. It's a free-flowing energetic dance which expresses free spirit. I must admit we had a blast. The scene is that Agni (played by Priyanshu) and I go to a restaurant in Manali and a local band starts playing music. Hearing the beats, Jhilik starts dancing to the tune.\"Talking about her experience of working with this unit Priyanka says, \"Jhilik is a strong character with lots of shades. Goutam sir is the captain of the ship. It's a pleasure to work with him. Priyanshu is a perfect gentleman and a great co-actor. As for Jhilik she is a contemporary woman who falls in love with Agni, a corporate guy. They tie the knot and after years, Jhilik is at the crossroads where she is confused. The film starts off from there. Who is she, where does she want to be in the near future, Jhilik's haunted by these questions. With the help of other characters who come into her life, her equation with Agni also changes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12475857", "title": "HC stays appointments to Shirdi temple trust", "text": "MUMBAI: Flaying the state government for nominating politicians and their relatives on temple trusts, the Bombay high court on Friday ordered an interim stay on the appointment of 15 members to Shirdi Saibaba Sansthan, which manages one of the country's richest shrines, the Saibaba temple in Shirdi.\"God is not fiefdom of the ruling coalition. We expect the state government to at least keep God away while distributing public largesse,'' said a division bench of Justice B R Gavai and Justice Sunil Deshmukh of the Aurangabad bench of the high court.The judges directed a three-member panel comprising the collector of Ahmednagar, the district judge and the chief executive officer of the Sansthan to take over the affairs of the trust. The court has asked the state government to frame rules concerning appointments of members to the trust.The court's stinging indictment comes three days after the state government packed the trust with workers from the Congress and the NCP.\"At least while making appointments on a committee of a trust where religious sentiments of people at large are involved, the state is expected to appoint devotees as members of the trust, rather than making appointments on the basis of political considerations and (appointing) kith and kin and associates of its leaders,'' said the judges, adding that the trust is \"not meant for rehabilitation of ruling political parties' members who are defeated in elections''.On March 13, another high court bench had dissolved the trust which was initially appointed for a three-year tenure in 2004, but continued to function up to 2012.On the court's orders, the state formed a new 15-member committee, but reappointed members from the disbanded panel and retained Congress MLA Jayant Sasane as the chairman and NCP president Ghanshyam Shelar as the vice-president. Of the trust's 15 members, six were from the Congress and nine from the NCP.A petition filed by Ahmednagar resident Shailesh Dhete challenged the new committee on the grounds that the high court order had been violated. The court said the new committee was an \"eyewash\" and rapped the state for \"disobeying\" its orders to frame rules.\"Members are being appointed on the whims of the government, despite the law making it clear that persons of integrity and repute should be nominated to the trust,'' said advocate Satish Talekar.Shailesh Kute, one of the three members of the outgoing committee to have been reappointed to the managing trust, insisted that \"the trust has not been dissolved\". The HC has merely granted a stay until rules can be formulated for the trust's functioning. The rules can be formulated within a matter of two or three days. Once that happens, we will resume our duties,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12476276", "title": "Teachers sweat it out to improve pass percentage", "text": "MANGALORE: High school teachers and education department officials in Dakshina Kannada district have a tough task ahead of the SSLC examination that begins on April 2. They are working hard to bring back the lost glory of the district which was pushed down to 21st position in the state in 2011 with 78.3 pass per cent from the eighth place in 2010.Block Education Officers (BEO) of Bantwal, Belthangady, Mangalore city, Mangalore taluk, Moodabidri, Puttur and Sullia blocks were asked to monitor curricular activities in schools closely to increase the pass percentage. They have also submitted reports on action taken in this connection.In their reports, BEOs have stated that special classes, group studies, weekly subject revisions, preliminary exams, stress-management trainings, training for teachers and parents were conducted to improve this year's result. BEO of Mangalore city Dayavathi told TOI that teachers had taken additional efforts to see to it that the pass percentage is bettered. \"We have taken several steps like preparing question papers, conducting additional classes, preparing drawings related to science subjects, conducting parents meets and weekly revision of subjects. We are hopeful of improving the result,\" she said adding that Mangalore city block, which recorded 88.64 per cent in 2011, has set a target of cent per cent for 2012.In 2011, students in government schools in the district fared badly in comparison with their counterparts in the aided and unaided schools.While 75.09% students in government schools had passed, the pass percentage in aided and unaided schools were 85.07 and 92.76 respectively.A total of 33,885 students will appear for the SSLC examination to be held between April 2 and 16 in the district. Of which 10,432 are from government schools, 11,840 from aided schools and 7,239 from unaided schools. There are 95 examination centres - Bantwal (15), Belthangady (10), Mangalore city (20), Mangalore taluk (25), Moodbidri (4), Puttur (15) and Sullia (6).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "united nations", "code": "12483293", "title": "India contributes over $4 million to UN fund", "text": "UNITED NATIONS: India has given over $4 million to the UN Democracy Fund (UNDEF), bringing to nearly $30 million its total contribution to the entity launched in 2005 by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and the then US President George Bush for promotion of democratic values.India's Permanent Representative to the UN Hardeep Singh Puri handed over a cheque for $4.71 million rpt $4.71 million yesterday to UN secretary general Ban Ki-moon here.Ban thanked India for its consistent support to the UNDEF, saying he was pleased to receive the contribution from the \"greatest democracy\".The fund, which was initiated as a result of a partnership between India and the US, was launched jointly by Singh, Bush and former UN secretary general Kofi Annan in New York in September 2005. India is the second largest contributor to the UNDEF, having contributed $29.71 million to it so far.At the inception of the fund, India had contributed USD 10 million followed by contributions of $5 million each in 2008, 2009 and 2011.India considers the fund to be an effective instrument for the promotion of democratic values and processes and has played a prominent role in the UNDEF as a member of the Advisory Board, its apex governing body. UNDEF supports projects that strengthen the voice of civil society, promote human rights and encourage participation of all groups in democratic processes.Since its inception, UNDEF has funded about 400 projects in over 100 countries, bringing total disbursement to about $110 million.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12476484", "title": "Cardinal Vithayathil Foundation launch", "text": "KOCHI: To impart the contributions of Cardinal Varkey Vithayathil to the new generation, an organization - 'Cardinal Vithayathil Foundation' - will be launched on Sunday, the first death anniversary of the Cardinal.Cardinal George Alenchery, head of the Syro-Malabar Church will formally inaugurate the Foundation. Bishop Mathew Arakkal, president of Cardinal Vithayathil Foundation will preside over the function. PWD minister V K Ebrahim Kunju, Joseph Mar Gregorios Metropolitan, Jacobite Syrian Church Synod secretary and K S Radhakrishnan, chairman, Kerala Public Service Commission will attend the function.A meeting of his family members and friends will also be held the same day at Renewal Centre, Kaloor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "fatehabad", "code": "12477056", "title": "N-plant: Gorakhpur struggle gets support from parties", "text": "FATEHABAD: Gorakhpur farmers on Friday once again got a boost, when thousands of villagers, various political parties and women supported the sangharsh samiti's voice against the proposed nuclear power plant at Gorakhpur village.The sangharsh samiti members and protesters gathered under the shed of the grain market and held a mahapanchayat here. They marched to the mini-secretariat and gave a memorandum to deputy commissioner ML Kaushik.Notably, earlier the farmers had threatened the government that, if it tried to acquire their land, the farmers would commit mass suicide near the mini-secretariat. The farmers have been protesting for the last 600 days against the proposed nuclear power plant, which is to be constructed on 1,313 acres of land in the villages Gorakhpur, Badopal and Kajalheri.In the mahapanchayat, Bharatiya Kisan Union's state president Samsher Dahiya, BJP Kisan Morcha's state president Subhash Barala, Marxswadi Communist Party's state secretary Inderjeet Singh, HJC's Dharampal Malik, INLD district president Nishan Singh and BJP district president Moluram Rulhaniya came in support of the samiti.Hans Raj Siwach, the samiti president, said, \"We know that this struggle for the last 600 days is the longest protest for anything in Haryana. We will not let the government to acquire our agricultural land on which all families are totally dependent. This plant is harmful and even expensive. Japan has already faced the Fukushima disaster. Then how the government headed by Hooda can ensure its security. \"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12475908", "title": "First class pass holders cannot dodge fare hike", "text": "MUMBAI: Suburban commuters whose monthly or quarterly season tickets (MSTs or QSTs) for first class would expire before April 9 will not be able to dodge the recent fare hike if they attempt to renew their passes on March 31.The rule is that a person can renew a pass 10 days before its expiry date. Unlike for long distance trains, the railways cannot recover the difference in local train fares if passes are renewed prior to April 1 (the date when new fares come into effect). So, the railways have decided to plug the potential leak of revenue by putting on hold renewals of season tickets that expire within nine days of the hike coming into effect.\"We had to take this decision, or else it could have made a huge dent in passenger earnings,\" said a senior WR official.\"More than 7 lakh commuters, both on CR and WR, travel by first class, of which a huge chunk are season ticket holders.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12475769", "title": "Trio will pedal today to fund kids\u2019 centre", "text": "MUMBAI: At 7 pm on Saturday, three Mumbaikars will start on a non-stop 320-km cycle trip to Pune and back for a cause: to raise money for a care centre for cancer-afflicted children.\"We have already got pledges for Rs 75 lakh from friends and family towards setting up a new St Jude Child Care Centre in Mumbai,'' said one of the cyclists, cardiologist Aashish Contractor who is attached to Asian Heart Institute in Bandra-Kurla Complex.He, along with investment banker Jaideep Khanna and software entrepreneur Prashant Mehta, plans to cycle back to Mumbai before 10 am on Sunday.St Jude Child Care Centres are halfway homes meant for ailing children undergoing treatment for chronic diseases away from home. Mumbai has eight such centres, each costing approximately Rs 50 lakh to set up, being used mainly by cancer-afflicted children. Roughly 15 children and their caretakers can stay at each centre.The cyclists call themselves \"amateur athletes'' who set themselves a fitness goal every year. \"To ensure that we stick to it, we also set ourselves a philanthropic goal,'' said Contractor. Last year, the trio cycled 175 km to Pune and raised Rs 15 lakh for St Jude Child Care and Akanksha, an NGO providing education for under-privileged children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12475789", "title": "Traffic cop suspended for taking bribe of Rs 50", "text": "GURGAON: Traffic police suspended a constable posted at IFFCO Chowk on Friday for allegedly taking a bribe of Rs 50 from a scooterist.The incident was brought to the notice of DCP (traffic) Bharti Arora by a resident who showed a video clip of the constable, Ajay Singh, demanding the bribe. Apparently, the scooterist had crossed the zebra crossing (which attracts a fine of Rs 100) at the traffic signal. Instead of challaning him, the constable was trying to settle the matter for Rs 50. Arora said: \"Bribe is bribe whether it is Rs 50 or Rs 500. A departmental inquiry has been initiated against the constable.\"While promising to take prompt action, the DCP said public can report cases of corruption with evidence on her mobile No. 9999981808. Road users should also try to record such demand on their mobile phone (audio/visual), if possible, and note down the name from the name plate on the cop's uniform.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12475768", "title": "Facebook video nails corrupt cop", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The real face of city traffic police was exposed on its webpage that has a video footage of traffic police constable Rajesh Kumar negotiating with a commuter on bribe money. The constable has been placed under suspension but not before the video caught attention of hundreds of city residents.The video footage was uploaded by city resident, Sukhi Sandhu, from whom the constable Rajesh Kumar had asked for bribe money of Rs 1,000. He took Rs 500 claiming half of the bribe money was discounted to him.Though Sandhu had captured the misdeeds of constable Rajesh in his phone camera on March 13, the video was uploaded on the Facebook chapter of Chandigarh traffic police on March 26. The footage has evoked sharp criticism from hundreds of people and majority of them have appreciated the initiative of Sukhi Sandhu.A senior traffic police official said, \"Constable Rajesh Kumar was suspended immediately after the uploading of this footage. A regular departmental probe has also been marked against him.\"It is the first time a traffic cop was caught accepting the bribe on Facebook chapter of Chandigarh traffic police. Earlier, regular traffic violation slips have been issued against 13 police personnel for violating traffic rules after their pictures appeared on the Facebook.DSP (traffic) Vijay Kumar said Rajesh Kumar has been sent to police lines, Sector 26, and Sukhi Sandhu was appealed to submit the original clipping of Rajesh's misdeed.The Facebook concept of traffic police was launched in June 2011 and is being monitored by a team of cyber experts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12476459", "title": "Stung, DGP Bidari shuts himself in chambers", "text": "The Karnataka high court verdict came around 1pm Friday and reached DGP Bidari's chambers in the state police headquarters on Nrupatunga Road in no time. Bidari had just then finished giving dictation to his staff and taken up some files. After hearing the order, Bidari asked his staff not to disturb him and locked himself up in his chambers.Even his PAs did not dare to put him across to those who wanted to speak to him on the phone. They curtly told the callers that the top cop was resting in his ante-chamber . Both his official and personal mobile phones kept ringing and elicited no response.Knowing well that media will be waiting for his response , Bidari allowed the crew of a vernacular TV channel into his chambers at 3 pm. Perhaps one of the most outspoken of all state police chiefs had the shortest byte of his career ready for the media : \"I am appealing to the Supreme Court.\"Dinakar took battle to apex courtWhen the JH Patel government decided to remove AP Durai from the DGP's post in 1997, C Dinakar was to replace him given his seniority and efficiency. But Dinakar was overlooked and T Srinivasulu was appointed DGP though he was one year junior. Dinakar went to CAT but lost the case. He appealed to the Karnataka High Court and won. But the state government appealed to the Supreme Court. Dinakar argued his own case and won the special leave petition in the SC. After the state government ignored the SC's directives to make him DGP, Dinakar filed a contempt plea in the apex court, which asked him to approach the high court. After a protracted legal battle, Dinakar was made DG&IG; in 2000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12478771", "title": "Kader Khan is back to theatre world", "text": "Best remembered for his comic capers, Kader Khan had all but vanished from B-town, only to immerse himself into a life of theatre and academics.We had reported about his ambitious project of creating an entire syllabus from nursery to post graduation in Islamic studies among other things.Self-admittedly, theatre has always been Kader Khan's first love and Mirror has learnt that he is rekindling his passion by staging a fresh series of plays featuring his sons next week April 7 onwards.He has written the first play, a satire titled Hamare Bhi Meharban Kaise Kaise, to be directed by his elder son Sarfaraz Khan which also has his younger son Shahnawaz acting in it.Said Kader Khan, \"I started with theatre but people dragged me into films. I was busy with films for decades but at some point, I realised I wasn't getting good offers and was wasting my time so I decided to get back to my roots.\"The actor-writer-director continued, \"I lost all my friends like Manmohan Desai and Prakash Mehra one by one. A few are still there but the industry is like a moving train and if you get down once, you are out of the touch with many. I still get offers and I am open to work if I get good scripts and roles.\"Meanwhile, in the eight years that he has been away from the arc lights, Khan has been using his time fruitfully, to say the least. He has been working on books in multiple languages including Urdu, Arabic, Persian and so on and has completed 325 books so far for the Government of India. He has also done 12 plays.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12476415", "title": "HC shows Bidari the door, rebukes efforts to retain him", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka High Court on Friday upheld a recent Central Administrative Tribunal (CAT) order unseating Shankar M Bidari as the state's director general and inspector general of police (DG&IGP;).In a stinging rebuke, a division bench comprising Justice N Kumar and Justice H S Kempanna said Bidari should be replaced immediately with DG (Fire and Emergency Services, Civil Defence and Home Guards) A R Infant \"if the state has any respect for the rule of law, womanhood and human rights and any concern for the downtrodden and the backward classes in the society\".Dismissing the petitions filed by Bidari and the government challenging the March 16 CAT order, the court took exception to the government's application seeking a stay on the verdict to allow them to file a special leave petition before the apex court on the issue.\"It is unfortunate that the state government has filed this application. The state has not learnt a lesson. It fully justifies whatever we have said earlier in our order. If the state has any respect for rule of law, womanhood and human rights and any concern for the downtrodden and the backward classes in the society, it should relieve respondent No. 3 (Bidari) immediately and appoint the applicant (A R Infant ) forthwith in his place... Otherwise, they are answerable to the people of this state,\" the bench said in its judgment, delivered over five hours spanning two days.\"Even after 15 years, there is no remorse or transformation in the petitioners. There is no change in the mental attitude of the petitioner,\" the bench said, noting that the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) failed to take any follow up action based on the report given by a panel it had appointed.The panel had highlighted the rape and torture of women and atrocities on residents of 48 villages in the border areas of Karnataka and Tamil Nadu during the operations to nab forest brigand Veerappan. Bidari was commandant of the Special Task Force (STF) constituted to nab the forest brigand during 1993-96.The bench wondered how could Bidari's self-claimed achievements - like being the only IPS officer from the state to have received two gallantry awards apart from a Rs 1.6 crore cash purpose for the killing of Veerappan - were considered, while the adverse remarks regarding excesses by the same force of which he was the commandant were not considered as relevant to be placed before the Union Public Service Commission when his name was considered for empanelment.\"While Bidari has claimed in his biodata that 60 Veerappan gang members were killed in various encounters, suspicion has been expressed about 36 of them being fake ones. The dark side of the petitioner was not at all placed before the UPSC,\" it noted, while absolving the central agency.The bench noted that the report of the NHRC panel headed by Justice A J Sadashiva, a former Karnataka HC judge, on the alleged atrocities committed during anti-Veerappan operations was a relevant one. It said that the not placing the same before the UPSC vitiated Bidari's empanelment and also his subsequent appointment as DG&amp;IGP.;The bench noted that if the testimonies/statements of tribal women before the Sadashiva panel regarding atrocities committed by the STF headed by Bidari were to be true, then that is worse than what Colonel Mohammed Gadhafi of Libya and Saddam Hussein of Iraq had done. \"If the averments made by the women who have sworn affidavits alleging rape are true, then he is worse than Gadhafi and Saddam Hussein,\" the bench observed.The bench's observation was a reference to Bidari's claim in his objections filed before the CAT that he was only a commandant of STF and not an omnipotent leader like Gadhafi or Hussein. Bidari had also claimed that if he were to be held responsible for the said atrocities, then two chief ministers, two ADGPs and four DGPs under whom he had worked as the STF chief were also equally responsible.The bench said that this was an effort to unnecessarily drag people into the controversy.The bench said that the contention of the government and Bidari that the Sadashiva panel report was without jurisdiction was nothing but unfortunate. It also noted that the said report was neither placed before the CAT nor before this court. The bench also pointed out that though the state government had objected to the setting up of the Justice Sadashiva panel, it later withdrew them and implemented its recommendations by paying interim relief to 89 victims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12475805", "title": "5-day week in colleges: University senate to decide today", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It may be happy news for many and one day less to bunk college for some with Panjab University's decision making body, the senate, all set to finalize modalities of switching over from an existing 6-day teaching pattern in colleges to a 5-day module in its meeting on Saturday. However, the 'happy' lot will have to work and study for an hour more every day as and when the new regime is in place.In a bid to bring uniformity in PU and its affiliated colleges, a final call will be taken on the issue, which was first mooted in December 2011. The 14th regulation laid down by University Grants Commission (UGC) in its recent guidelines states that a college can either follow a 5-day module or a 6-day pattern.\"There are post graduate students enrolled in both university and colleges now. Students studying the same syllabi and appearing in same exam have different teaching schedules. A 5-day teaching module is definitely preferable,\" says Dilip Kumar, senator and faculty member at Post Graduate Government College for Girls, Sector 42.While a section of PU senate members state that adopting the 5-day module would ensure uniformity in the functioning of colleges and university, others cite that a consensus needs to be brought about to change the existing pattern.\"Like a majority of students and teachers, I am in favour of the 5-day working pattern in colleges too. But a consensus on the matter is needed,\" says Jagwant Singh, a faculty member at GGDSD College sector 32.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12477688", "title": "Blunt talk's in fashion, India!", "text": "Bombay HC has 'observed' that spitting is inherent in Indians. Not that we needed it to tell us that, but a lot has been said about us that's not always pretty. If you can swallow your pride and read it all at one go, here's a recapSPIT-FULLLending some legalese to what is perhaps the first thing people notice in our country (red-stained walls adorn many a traveller's Facebook albums), the Bombay High Court said last week that \"Spitting is an inherent character of our people\" , while hearing a petition about people being fined for spitting in Mumbai. A few days later, it was revealed that in just six months in 2011, Mumbaikars had paid around 2.24 crore in fines for spitting in the city. Well, as long as the inherent character makes us some money...FOR KATJU, FOOL'S GOLDPress Council of India chairman Justice (retired) Markandey Katju, only a few days ago, said that \"90% of people in India are fools. Their minds are full of superstitions, communalism and casteism.\" The \"fool\" comment seems to be a favourite with Katju, who, in 2011, had expressed similar feelings towards his brainless brethren, \"( people say) that the media must provide the customer what it wants. Unfortunately, most people in India are of a very low intellectual level, steeped in casteism, communalism, superstitions, and all kinds of feudal and backward ideas.\"MAMMAS' BOYSIn March, Greg Chappell elicited sniggers in private but collective outrage in public. \"The (Indian) culture is very different . They lack leaders because they are not trained to be leaders. From an early age, their parents make all the decisions . They learn to not take responsibility ,\" said the former Team India coach. Now, now, aren't our men famous for listening to momma?BASTARDS!In documents declassified in 2005, former US prez Richard Nixon (before being Watergated himself) was found to have said in a meeting, in the run-up to the Indo-Pak 1971 war, that Indians are \"a slippery, treacherous people\" . His assistant for national security affairs, Henry Kissinger , was quick to add, \"Indians are bastards anyway. They're the most aggressive goddamn people around.\" Only if they had Wikileaks then to get hold of more such, err, 'gems' .MORE TV, LESS SEXA few years ago, then-union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad made an interesting connection between the idiot box and our population - that Indians have a lot of babies 'coz they have no TV! \"If there is electricity in every village , people will watch TV till late night and then fall asleep. They won't get a chance to produce children. When there is no electricity, there is nothing else to do but produce babies.\"Such pearls of wisdom - was the WHO listening? But what if there's Sunny Leone on TV, eh?THEY HAVE SMALL...Hearts! What were you thinking? Anyway , in April last year, Pakistan cricketer Shahid Afridi said Indians \"will never have hearts like Muslims and Pakistanis. I don't think they have the large and clean hearts that Allah has given us. It is a very difficult thing for us to live with them or to have a long-term relationship with them.\" Who says cricket is just a game?DIRTY LITTLE #% @&amp;Last August, US vice-consul Maureen Chao, while talking to some students in Chennai (talk about loca-tious fortune) could have made a great case for fairness creams,if the comments hadn't exploded in controversy. \"I was on a 24-hour train trip from Delhi to Orissa. But, after 72 hours, the train still did not reach the destination... and my skin became dirty and dark like the Tamilians ,\" she 'joked' . The US Consulate later issued an apology, and as for the Tamilians, we don't know if any of them invited her over for dinner.CORRUPTION STATUSIndia's outgoing chief vigilance commissioner , Pratyush Sinha, gave an unenviable description of his job in 2010, when he said, \"one-third of Indians are corrupt, half are borderline,\" and that his job had been a \"thankless\" one. \"When we were growing up, there was at least social stigma attached to corruption,\" Sinha said, angering law minister Veerappa Moily because saying such things \"hurt national pride.\" We can only wonder what Moily would have to say about Anna Hazare if he were still law minister.LAZY DAISIES - JEST SAYING\"I feel sometimes people in India are lazy,\" the Dalai Lama said in a lighter vein while addressing a function at IGNOU in 2010, \"Look at the Chinese, they work very hard.\" Later, in one of the few nice things he's said about China, he also joked, \"Wherever the Chinese go, they make China towns. However, nowhere in the world there are any 'India towns' .\" Now that's putting a hard point across smartly, Holiness!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12476330", "title": "Nancy Powell is US envoy to India", "text": "WASHINGTON: The US Senate on Friday confirmed career diplomat Nancy Powell as ambassador to India, a position that had remained vacant for the past year.The Senate confirmed ambassadors to 16 countries following Obama administrations's concern over the posts lying vacant. The confirmation had been lying pending before the senate for about two months now.Obama's first ambassador to India, former congressman Timothy Roemer , had announced his resignation in April 2011. US president Barack Obama had nominated Powell as his next ambassador to India on December 16 last year, but since then her name had languished in the Senate for approval . The Obama administration has repeatedly said it puts a priority on building relations with the world's largest democracy.Powell, has previously served as US envoy in Pakistan and Nepal and holds the prestigious rank of career ambassador.The Senate also confirmed ambassadors to 16 other countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12477170", "title": "Fake notes entering UP via Nepal", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Central and state intelligence agencies have sent inputs to police of eastern UP districts that a few families are involved in circulation of fake currency notes. The local police have oiled up the intelligence network to check the problems. There are plans to categorize such families into gangs and further zero in on them.The arrest of a woman identified as Rukhsana and her accomplice and seizure of fake currency worth Rs one lakh had alarmed the police. Investigations revealed that Rukhsana's husband Shamshul was already in jail facing the same charges. In fact, a spate of seizures has set alarm bells ringing in police department.Though the law enforcement agencies are making all possible efforts to unearth the gangs involved in circulation and printing of fake currency, police have sought assistance from IB and state intelligence agencies to bust the modules. With starling facts came to fore that fake currency is being pumped to 40 districts of the state from Indo-Nepal border, police and intelligence agencies are working on joint operations.Talking to TOI, DIG L Ravi Kumar said: \"We have been probing the case thoroughly and police officials are coordinating with the officials of intelligence agencies to zero-in on persons involved in circulation of fake currency.\"Pointedly, intelligence officials pointed out that the racketeers have pumped fine print of fake currency and it was not possible for a common man to detect the differences between genuine and fake currency. However, police officials claim that knowledge and efforts could offer a helping hand to police and denizens to check the circulation of fake currency.Police officials pointed out that a total of highest 12 cases of seizure of fake currency were registered in 2008, with the arrest of 27 persons, including two women. Intelligence reports suggest that fake currency is being smuggled from Nepal border into eastern UP districts.The Reserve Bank of India ( RBI) and other nationalized banks have recently drafted a detailed list of security features on currency notes which can detected by common man and do not require a gadget or an expert to establish if the currency is counterfeit or genuine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12478665", "title": "Sanjay in, Anil out from Karan's film", "text": "After portraying Kancha Cheena in Agneepath, Sanjay Dutt has come closer to the Karan Johar camp.Even then, it comes as a surprise to see him take over Anil Kapoor's role as an investigative cop in Dharma Production's next to be directed by Rensil D'Silva.A source informed Mirror, \"Sanjay Dutt heard the script on Wednesday and gave his nod not only because he liked his role of a cop but also because he can't say no to Karan Johar.\"Apparently, Kapoor had been finalised for the role but opted out because he felt he was playing one too many cops, the reference being to Sanjay Gupta's Shootout at Wadala. The buzz though is that the actor found his role wasn't substantial enough, especially when compared to Emraan Hashmi's in the film. Our source said, \"Rensil's film is about a cop hunting down Emraan and his gang, whose shenanigans occupy impressive footage.\"Rensil D'Silva, who urgently needed a 40-plus superstar, personally requested KJo to step in and bail him out of the tight spot. Karan approached Dutt, who agreed to play the part. Surprisingly, Dutt and Kapoor may be pals in real life but they are also fierce competitors when it comes to roles. Dutt and his business manager refrained from comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12476503", "title": "CM releases revised PWD manual", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The revised public works department manual, released on Wednesday, has revamped existing obsolete road construction methods. The revised manual was released by chief minister Oommen Chandy , who handed over the first copy to PWD minister V K Ebrahim Kunju.The new manual gives importance to quality management in road construction. It focuses on preparation of a detailed plan for particular sections of a road which would sync with the physical conditions prevailing at a particular place where the road is being built. \"Supervising engineers were responsible for preparing estimates that lacked sanctity, resulting in cost escalation and delays. This has been taken care of, as a detailed project report (DPR) becomes mandatory according to the revised manual,\" PWD sources said.With DPRs, professionally designed roads will replace the unscientific ones. \"Most of our roads are not properly designed. We hardly bother to take into consideration the factors like inclination and road angles. DPRs will plug all these issues,\" sources said.Another crucial change is the incorporation of the specifications in road construction laid down by the Union Ministry of Road, Transport and Highways (MoRTH). This would mean that the updates suggested by the Indian Road Congress will now be applicable in our manual as well, sources said.Quality control aspect, incorporated in the revised manual, gives more teeth to quality ensuring bodies that would otherwise be limited to inspection by chief technical examiner. Also quality laboratories for testing the quality of materials would ensure better roads. The manual also proposes to renew the work schedule annually to stop tender excess grants that are given for cost escalation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12476447", "title": "Cusat ex-registrar suspended; Varsity teachers protest", "text": "KOCHI: The Cochin University Teachers Association on Friday protested against the suspension of former registrar N Chandramohanakumar, who is at present the head of the department of chemical oceanography. They threatened to boycott any assignments other than teaching, if the suspension was not withdrawn.Calling it a witch hunt, the association members and students marched to the chambers of the vice-chancellor, pro-vice chancellor and expressed their objections against the order, which also cancelled the deputation of B Madhusoodana Kurup as vice-chancellor of Kerala University of Fisheries and Ocean Sciences .Chandramohanakumar was suspended for allowing the deputation of Kurup, for not following the rules of ensuring clearance of dues with regard to deputation of staff to institutions outside the varsity. According to a source, both orders were signed by vice-chancellor Ramachandran Thekkedath after the syndicate sub-committee submitted its repor on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "12476472", "title": "Pak PM to meet Chinese leader", "text": "BEIJING: Pakistan Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gilani would meet Chinese vice Premier Li Keqiang on Sunday. The two leaders are likely to discuss the US-Pakistan reengagement and reopening of NATO supply route to Afghanistan that was closed after a Pakistan border post was bombed.Gilani would arrive in China a day earlier to participate in a conference modeled on the World Economic Forum , Davos.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "12479977", "title": "Switch off lights for one hour for the cause of mother nature", "text": "AMRITSAR: With the Earth Hour awareness campaign globally getting huge response, World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF) Punjab has appealed to all citizens to switch off lights for one hour from 8:30 PM to 9:30 PM on Saturday. A state level main function to spread awareness about energy conservation and save environment through this symbolic gesture would be hosted at Khalsa College on Saturday evening.WWF chairperson Punjab, Gunbir Singh told TOI that across the continents over 4000 cities had joined the movement and more and more people were joining the stream now. \"By switching off the lights, we will be showing solidarity towards conserving energy, and the larger cause of protecting our Nature\" said he. Iconic monuments such as the Opera House in Sydney, The Eiffel Tower in France, Christ The Redeemer Statue in Brazil, Sheik Zayed Mosque in UAE and many more shall go dark for one hour tomorrow'', added he.Historical and cultural heritage building, Khalsa College which is lit brightly daily will also have the lights switched off for one hour. \"I appreciate that the College has agreed to join the movement and I hope more Educational institutions, corporates, NGO's and citizens at large will follow the suit'', said he.WWF has also appealed all the residents of `holy city' including individuals, business houses, city administrations in whole of Punjab to give support to the cause. \"Punjab has seen a resurgent activity during the last years and celebrated the event. The industry has also taken up the cause with local citizens in Chandigarh, Ludhiana, Jalandhar also and the Mayors of these cities had publically called for the city to observe the Earth Hour, he said.A candle light vigil by the students will also be held at Khalsa College on the occasion where a large number of citizens are expected to gather for the cause.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "kharagpur", "code": "12478980", "title": "Indian school toppers eligible for entry to Oxford", "text": "KHARAGPUR: The toppers of ISC and CBSE exams will be eligible for entry to the undergraduate courses offered by Oxford University from 2013. The vice-chancellor of Oxford University, Andrew Hamilton, said, \"We want to draw the best students from India to Oxford. It has been decided that we will accept class XII examination results for all undergraduate courses at Oxford.\"Earlier, Indian students needed to appear for their A-levels, SATs or the International Baccalaureate for admission to the undergraduate courses at Oxford. Now, the university will make conditional offers of entrance to those students who secure more than 90 per cent in CBSE and ISC exams. The students may also need to take the IIT entrance examination.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12475081", "title": "STF to trace lost children: DGP", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat police are setting up a Special Task Force (STF) to trace the missing kids , as the incidents are constantly on the surge.In-charge DGP Chittranjan Singh filed an affidavit on Friday on instruction by Gujarat high court stating that the police department is contemplating setting up an STF on the pattern of functioning adopted by Delhi police.The DGP stated that the force will start functioning within three-four weeks which it will require for adopting the standard operational procedureIn response to a complaint by a woman from Amreli that cops did not register complaint for two years in connection with her missing son, Justice Anant Dave had asked DGP to submit the action taken report by police to trace out missing kids.The DGP also told the court that instructions have been issued to all department heads across the state to follow the guidelines issued by National Human Rights Commission on July 13, 2007 in this regard. Henceforth, upon receipt of information of a missing child, the probe will be carried out by an officer of PI/PSI rank, but if the child is not traced out within 10 days, the investigation in the case will be taken over by an officer of the rank of DySP or above, the DGP stated. Justice Dave has asked the DGP to report further by April 20, when further hearing on the issue is kept.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12477188", "title": "Programme in memory of Bibi Fatima from April 2", "text": "ALLAHABAD: To recollect the contribution of Bibi Fatima in the spread of Islam, a five-day programme christened 'Yaade Bint-e-Rasool' is going to be organised in Dariyabad locality. Bibi Fatima is the daughter of Prophet Mohammad and wife of fourth Caliph Hazrat Ali.The programme would be organized from April 2 which would continue till April 6.On April 2, Maulana Syed Uroojul Hasan 'Meesam' Sahab from Lucknow would give his lecture in which he would relate about the diverse facets about Bibi Fatima, daughter of Prophet Mohammad .On April 3, Maulana Wasi Hasan Khan Sahab of Faizabad would give his lecture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12476394", "title": "Earth Hour has caught on in city", "text": "KOCHI: Four years after Kochi started observing Earth Hour, the one hour 'lights off' campaign has become an event that residents look forward to every year thanks to online and broadcasting media as well as word of mouth campaign. Across the city resident associations, commercial establishments and NGO's have declared solidarity with the concept and will switch of lights from 8.30 pm to 9.30 pm on March 31.\"The presence of FM radio channels has helped this campaign. Kochi residents are very receptive and they support environment causes, I have noticed this trait during other campaigns. However, like last year, there are chances for very less participation from school and college students since vacations have started. Students, especially young kids, play a major role as they can coax parents to join their cause. Last year, we approached a couple of schools and asked authorities to notify kids, but they said they were not in a position to help,\" said Planet Earth (NGO) secretary Suraj Abraham.Young Men's Christian Association (YMCA) in Ernakulam will switch off their lights at their centres in Palarivattom, South and Kadavanthra on Saturday. YMCA assistant secretary Princely Vipin said the organization has always supported this campaign after it was introduced four years ago. Around 121 inmates at these centres will join the campaign, he said. Similarly other working women and men hostels in the city will switch of lights for one hour.Word of mouth campaign plays a major part in the success of Earth Hour, said Cochin Refinery manager Hari Nath. \"This year we have asked many corporate establishments and resident associations to spread the word among their employees and residents. They have agreed and kept their word. Public participation has increased manifold thanks to their awareness about global warming. We are yet to taste success in rural areas since people here are unaware about such international events,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12482058", "title": "'Frankenstein monster' Lokpal may increase corruption: Markandey Katju", "text": "NEW DELHI: Press Council of India chairman Justice Markandey Katju on Saturday urged Parliament to refer the Lokpal Bill to a Standing Committee for further consideration so that a workable corruption investigation machinery can be created.In its present state, the Bill can create a parallel bureaucracy that could turn into a \"Frankenstein monster\" and double or triple corruption, he said in a statement.Katju, a retired Supreme Court judged, said that whether it was the Jan Lokpal Bill or the Sarkari Lokpal Bill, the legislation envisaged overseeing the work of some 55 lakh government employees in the country (of which 13 lacs are in the Railways alone), from Prime Minister to peon.\"Surely one person cannot enquire into the lakhs of complaints which are bound to pour in. It will require thousands of Lokpals, may be 50,000 of them to do this,\" he said.He also added that all these officers will have to be given salaries and amenities like housing, offices and staff.\"And then where is the guarantee that these will not themselves become corrupt? In fact considering the low level of morality prevailing in India, we can be fairly certain that a large number of them will become blackmailers,\" Katju said.Justice Katju said that implications of creating Lokpal were not rationally thought out and \"some people thought that all problems of corruption will be solved by shouting 'Bharat Mata Ki Jai' or 'Inquilaab Zindadbad' from Jantar Mantar or Ram Lila GroundHe said while Anna Hazare was an honest person, his ideas were not scientific.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12482330", "title": "Smartphones eating into family time: Report", "text": "NEW DELHI: Smartphones have affected the private lives of people, as it is encroaching on the time spent with loved ones, a study by telecom equipment maker Ericsson said today.As per a study on mobile broadband usage in India by Ericsson ConsumerLab, 34 per cent of the respondents said smartphones have \"significantly encroached on quality time with spouse/close ones\".Dependency of Indians on smartphones also seems to be on the rise.\"As many as 45 per cent of the respondents said they cannot think off going to sleep without their smartphones. Another 28 per cent said they forget people around them when they are engrossed in their smartphones,\" the study said.First time users of smartphones seem more dependent than mature users as over two-third (69 per cent) of all first-time smartphone respondents said they spend over 50 per cent of all their internet time on their smartphone.It also said that while men spent thrice the time using Google maps than women smartphone users, women talked and text more.Women spend nearly 3 hours 38 mins a month playing Angry birds, 50 per cent more time than males smartphone users.The study was conducted among 5,000 respondents (between 15-45 years) to gauge the early impact of the roll-out of 3G in India.\"Consumers globally have taken to smartphones and mobile broadband with enthusiasm since it provides flexibility to access internet anywhere,\" Ericsson India Head of Marketing and Strategy Ajay Gupta told reporters here.However, in India, 3G has not yet created a big impact in the market.India has over 850 million mobile users, but less than five per cent are using 3G (third generation) services, which allows high speed data usage.Gupta said 3G penetration is picking up as expected, as people are turning to smartphones and data consumption is on the rise.The study said that for 1 in every 3 smartphone respondent, internet access through 3G is the only means to access internet. A major chunk of the 3G users have been added recently, it said.Teens (less than 18 years) beyond the metros and Tier-I towns are the heaviest users of 3G data, the study said, adding that an average 44 per cent of 3G users said they download applications, watch videos or share files at least once daily.Limited understanding of the data plans and no means to track their usage were deterrents to 3G adoption, it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12475707", "title": "Delhi University semester exams begin on May 7", "text": "NEW DELHI: The second and fourth semester exams of Delhi University will start from May 7.The exams for BA, BCom (H), all BA (H), BSc and BSc (H) will begin on May 7 and BCom on May 9. BA exams will end on May 17 and BCom and BCom (H) exams on May 16. BA (H) and the BSc (H) mathematics exams will be over on May 14 while BSc (H) and BSc exams will end on May 18. Besides BA and BCom exams that will start from 3pm, all others will begin at 9am. Delhi University will also conduct the annual exams for the second- and third-year students in May.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12476293", "title": "Ex-IG gets 3 years imprisonment", "text": "MADURAI: A special court for prevention of corruption cases, Madurai on Friday convicted and sentenced a former inspector general of police (IG) for three years imprisonment for accumulating wealth from his known sources of income. However, the court suspended the sentence on the former IG and let him on bail, pending an appeal before the high court.The former IG, Jagannathan had also worked as the Salem city police commissioner till his retirement in 2002. The directorate of vigilance and anti-corruption police has registered a case against him for allegedly amassing wealth in his name and his family members to the tune of Rs 33.58 lakh. Originally, the case was in trial with the local chief judicial magistrate court, Dharmapuri. The former IG got it transferred to Madurai court as he was residing there.After concluding the trial, the judge G Nagarajan pronounced the verdict in the case. He sentenced Jagannathan to three years simple imprisonment under the provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988. He also acquitted four of his family members who were also charge-sheeted in the same case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12476521", "title": "Business incubator centre for NRKs", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: In a bid to create an environment that would help non-resident Keralities (NRK) tap the business potential of IT industry, Technopark Technology Business Incubation Centre (T-TBIC) here is planning to set up a business incubation centre in Kollam.T-TBIC secretary and registrar K C C Nair said the incubator would open up an investment opportunity and would empower them to take up business initiatives in the IT sector. \"NRKs can either invest in the potential companies being hatched in the incubator or use the incubation facility to start their own business, involving themselves or through their representatives back home,\"said Nair.He was speaking at a function organized to felicitate two T-TBIC incubated companies that won the Indian STEPS (Science &amp; Technology Entrepreneurship Park) and Business Incubators Association (ISBA) awards for 2012. Innoz Technologies and Kreara Solutions bagged the awards at the 6th ISBA Conference held in Pune. Innoz Technologies won the honor for the best incubate in IT while Kreara bagged the award in the best graduated company from a business incubator in biotech category. Kerala IT secretary P H Kurian presented mementoes to Anoop P Ambika, MD, Kreara Solutions and Mohammed Hisamuddin, CIO of Innoz Technologies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12474864", "title": "Srilakshmi charged with criminal conspiracy", "text": "HYDERABAD: The CBI on Friday filed a supplementary chargesheet against the role played by senior IAS officer and former secretary of mines and industries department Y Srilakshmi in the Obulapuram Mining Company (OMC) scam. Although CBI arrested Srilakshmi on November 28 last year, it could not include her in the first chargesheet as it was till building its case against her. In the supplementary chargesheet filed on Friday, the agency charges her with offences under IPC sections 120 B (criminal conspiracy), 409 (criminal breach of trust by a public servant) and section 13(2), to be read with 13(1) (d), of the prevention of corruption Act, 1988.Section 420 was replaced with section 409 in the said chargesheet. She has been chargesheeted for causing wrongful gain to OMC by granting mining leases to it in criminal conspiracy with other accused like Gali Janardhan Reddy, CBI said in its submission. Sanction to prosecute her is awaited, the chargesheet adds. Following a memo filed by counsel for Srilakshmi, V Surendar Rao, seeking a copy of the chargesheet, special judge B Nagamaruthi Sarma ordered that she be supplied with the same.The CBI in its chargesheet says that Srilakshmi intentionally omitted the word captive in certain GOs to enable OMC to sell the mined iron ore on the open market.Meena knocks HC door: In a separate development in the Emaar case, former APIIC chairman Sivarama Subrahmanyam and current MD BR Meena filed petitions in high court challenging the ACB FIR against them. The HC will take up their plea for hearing on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12477230", "title": "IPL 5: Bollywood set to take on the event with 24 releases", "text": "MUMBAI: It was the fear of the unknown that kept Bollywood away from releasing films during the IPL. But after four editions, Bollywood has decided to exorcise those fears by releasing 24 films with nearly Rs 300 crore riding on them in April and May during IPL 5.It will start with Sajid Nadiadwala's Houseful 2 in first week of April. \"IPL comes every year but I make films once in three years . If I have decided to release my film, I must have definitely done research and then decided on the date,\" says Nadiadwala.Sources said some dates have been reshuffled but nobody is pulling out. \"There was a suggestion to take Department out but it is going to release on May 15,\" a source said. Ajay Devgn's Tezz and Yash Raj's Ishaqzaade will also release during IPL.\"Nobody wants to miss out on holidays. The fear of IPL has completely gone from the industry,\" says Taran Adarsh.Vikram Bhatt, who has lined up Dangerous Ishq and Hate Story for release, says, \"I don't see the novelty in the IPL format anymore . It's now a regular thing.\"Fun Cinema operations head Vishal Anand says, \"It was the fear of the unknown in the initial years of the IPL but slowly both cricket and cinema have learnt to coexist.\"A point emphasized by Mukesh Bhatt, who will release Jannat 2. \"There is enough room for both cricket and cinema to coexist.\"Cinemax Cinemas CEO Sunil Punjabi says, \"Cinemas take a hit only if a local team is playing.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12475804", "title": "Behrampur sewage treatment plant: Report confirms poor treatment", "text": "GURGAON: The test report of the samples taken from Behrampur sewage treatment plant (STP) has confirmed poor quality of cleaning. The STP comes under the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) which has entrusted the work of plant maintenance to a private firm for seven years.After TOI had exposed erratic sewage treatment at the plant, the civic authorities carried out a series of inspections including a visit by a team of the Haryana State Pollution Control Board (HSPCB). The samples were sent to a state-owned testing laboratory in Faridabad. Samples of treated sewage were collected from four different plant locations. ,\"As per the report, the parameters of the samples clearly exceed the prescribed limits, said a senior official.The report was also submitted to the financial commissioner and principal secretary, Environment department, R R Jowel, who had asked both HUDA and MCG to prepare a roadmap to streamline the functioning of the STPs in Gurgaon.The HSPCB had also collected samples from the STP at Dhanwapur, the test report of which, too, confirmed the presence of impurities on the higher side. The report has been submitted to a special committee which has officials of both MCG and HUDA as members. HUDA administrator Praveen Kumar had recently inspected Dhanwapur STP plant and announced several steps to improve its operation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12479182", "title": "Jeet, Ritu gets a makeover", "text": "Killer looks, oodles of talent and a lot of chutzpah. being a celeb is not a walk in the park. as tollywood hotties Jeet and Rituparna Sengupta went for a makeover last week, TOI's lens captured all that goes into the making of a star. an exclusiveDASHIN' JEETVariety adds spice to life. That has always been my mantra. The perfect way to add a zing to life is through a makeover. Being an actor, I'm sure the audience too would want to watch a different Jeet in each film. Hence, the need to experiment. By God's grace, the audience has lauded my look in \"Josh\", \"Shotru\" and \"Wanted\". From getting a crew cut to sporting a moustache, I have done it all. My target now? To flaunt long hair.\"Yudha\" was the first step I took in terms of a makeover. I flew to Mumbai for a haircut and even my rugged look was quite a rage. The point is, a character becomes believable with a makeover. If it clicks with the audience, then half our job is done! For example, my short crop and bespectacled look in \"Pitribhumi\" was a huge hit. Diametrically opposite was my \"Shotru\" look complete with the eight-pack abs.Like films, some characters also remain etched in public memory. Munna of \"Rangeela\" will always be remembered. For \"Koti Taakar Baaji\" I went to London to revamp my wardrobe. That's because I'm experimental by nature. I draw inspiration from various things in life; there's no one thing or one person. What looks good on Salman Khan might not have the same effect on me. But yes , Aamir Khan is by far my most favourite. It's essential to keep in mind the body language, profession, attitude and temperament while going in for a makeover. My brief to Rajat-Kaushik this time around... fun, casual yet dynamic.1. Jeet's far from complaining as Kaushik readies him for a haircut 2. Snip, snip, snip... the actor's loving it 3. Girls drool over his stubble and why not? The actor likes taking charge himself 4. Light base enhances Jeet's features 5. Trimming over, it's time for some straightening. Result? A whole new look 6. Some wardrobe surfing and he's ready for the dayAs told to Ruman GangulyROCKIN' RITUFrom one film to another, our lives keep changing. So does the need to reinvent ourselves. A makeover is the perfect way to break the monotony - the way I see myself and the way my audience does. An actor is one who can successfully get under the skin of any character. And I want to be known as the most creative and flexible of them all.I think a makeover is the best way to discover oneself. Be it Bedini or Charulata, a dehati girl or a college-goer, I've reinvented myself with each film. If I sported curls in \"Trishna\", I wore a short crop in Sekhar Das' \"Necklace\". Bollywood actors do it with great elan. SRK, Aamir Khan - makeovers are making headlines as much as the films. Kudos to Vidya Balan for pulling off \"The Dirty Picture\" and Priyanka Chopra for playing an old lady in \"7 Khoon Maaf\". I'm a huge fan of Rekhaji, who I think is the epitome of grace. I wonder how she manages to look like a million bucks even today! JLo and Julia Roberts too are no less inspiring.Off screen, too, I've gone in for several makeovers. But those have never been too drastic. I can't imagine flaunting a tonsured head even for the best of films. I remain within my ambit but still experiment with my looks. When you are in the public glare, when each of your moves is noticed and written about - whether you are out shopping or at a party - you need to be careful about what you wear, how you look. It's like walking a tightrope. You just HAVE to look fashionable. But then, being fashionable isn't about brand tags. Even without designer clothes you can look classy and gorgeous. Fashion is all about wearing your personality on your sleeve. But it's important to have a great body. The trigger for this makeover has been a personal whim. As my family is dead against me chopping off my locks, I went for a smart trim. Since I'm not much into hair colours, I opted for streaks. It's added bounce to my hair. A little straightening has also done wonders. My choice for a day in the sun? A short strapless number. Makeovers sure are magical.1. Desperate to go in for a different look, isn't she? 2. For that extra volume, Rituparna opts for some layering. There's no compromising on the length though 3. Wild is the word and, hence, those electric blue streaks 4. Eyes attract like nothing else. And Rituparna knows how to play with them 5. With heavy eye makeup, the actor prefers nude gloss 6. There's no dampener like ill-fitting clothes and Rajat helps Ritu put together a perfect lookAs told to Zinia Sen", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "boise", "code": "12478830", "title": "Oracle, Micron settle case over chips pricing", "text": "BOISE: Micron Technology Inc has settled a lawsuit in which Oracle Corp accused the memory chipmaker and other companies of artificially inflating prices for microchips.The 2010 lawsuit claimed that Micron and the other companies conspired to raise prices from 1998 through 2002, in violation of federal and state antitrust laws.Micron makes semiconductor chips for computers, mobile devices, cameras and other devices. It makes products under the Lexar and Crucial brands. Micron announced the settlement late Thursday without providing details such as financial terms.Oracle had accused Micron and four other companies of artificially inflating prices above what Oracle's Sun Microsystems business should have paid for them. The lawsuit that was settled did not name the other companies as defendants.The Justice Department had investigated whether the companies conspired to manipulate the number of DRAM chips released to market to inflate prices. Micron was granted immunity because it cooperated.The investigation resulted in fines and guilty pleas from four companies, Samsung Electronics Co, Elpida Memory Inc, Infineon Technologies AG and Hynix Semiconductor Inc.Micron said the settlement will result in a net loss of $58 million above what it previously reported for the second fiscal quarter, which ended March 1. That brings the total net loss to $282 million, or 29 cents per share, on revenue of $2 billion.Micron, which is based in Boise , Idaho, said it will detail the full effects of the settlement in upcoming regulatory filings. The lawsuit has been dismissed with prejudice as part of the settlement, which means it can't be filed again.Micron's stock fell18 cents, or 2.1 per cent to $8.24 in midday trading on Friday following the announcement. Shares of business software maker Oracle, which is based in Redwood City , California, fell 11 cents to $29.19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "12476987", "title": "Foodie\u2019s delight guchhi vanishing from mountains", "text": "MANALI: Gone are the days when collecting guchhi (morchella esculenta) meant earning for hundreds of people in Kullu, Kinnaur, Shimla, Mandi and Chamba. Guchhi is the most expensive variety of edible mushroom and its production is on the decline.Guchhi prices in local markets doubled in just two years. All efforts of scientists to cultivate it artificially for commercial use could not yield any positive results. Experts say the unscientific plucking of mushroom could be the reason of the decline.Guchhi is usually found in deodar jungles and in old orchards during March and April. Its production is associated with the amount of snowfall in winters and moisture content in spring.\"Searching and collecting guchhi is the annual trade of hundreds of villagers but most of the people have no interest in this business any more,\" said a trader Bhagat Ram. He said he could only collect 1.5kg guchhi after travelling to 100 villages in a week.A resident of Bandal village, Sanjeev Kumar, who has been collecting guchhi for past 20 years, said the crop grows in groups of 20 to 100 pieces but this is not so now. He said, \"No one spares time to search for guchhi which is more like searching for gold.\"District forest manager Kullu, BS Rana, who has researched on the nature of morchella esculenta during his DFO tenure, said artificial cultivation of this species is not yet possible. Morchella esculenta has herbal uses and served in luxury hotels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12475690", "title": "Closed for outsiders, but minister latest visitor at tiger territory", "text": "LUCKNOW: The tiger-tracking operation in Rahmankhera is at a stage where it has to get more concentrated and intensive. However, the presence of a minister and his entourage can always hamper the already sluggish momentum of the operation. Shiv Pratap Yadav, minister of state for zoological parks, UP, had visited Rahmankhera on Thursday. He was accompanied by his entourage too. The pictures taken at the spot show minister mounted on an elephant, with his men and tracking team, combing the area.A day after, even forest officials sound clueless as to what made the minister visit the spot, which the department has kept closed for 'outsiders'. Besides, nobody in the forest department is sure if he has the charge of wildlife. \"He might have been sent by the CM,\" is only what highly-placed sources in the UP forest department could say about his visit. \"He is a minister and can't be questioned,\" said sources, but at the same time, they do not deny that the spot should have least disturbance. The efforts to tranquilise and trap the tiger have been on in Rahmankhera for the last three months now. From January 9 till now, the tracking team, comprising forest officers and Wildlife Trust of India (WTI) personnel, has been missing every opportunity to either tranquilise or trap the tiger. The only good thing about the entire operation is that tiger has become localised around the campus of Central Institute of Subtropical Horticulture (CISH).However, VIP visits like the one on Thursday could drive the tiger away from the spot, a possibility that forest department officials do not deny. Such visits in the area will hamper the success of the operation. The minister is still an 'outsider' to the operation, and considering that he has no expertise in wildlife, his presence at ground zero can jeopardise the safety of the humans as well as the feline.If sources are to be believed, there were shots fired in the air on Thursday to turn the tiger away from the spot where minister was present. So far, the forest department has not even allowed the staff and scientists of CISH to go close to the area where it conducts the combing operation, despite the fact that it has been hampering the work at the institute.Even the wildlife experts who have been offering help to the department in safely trapping the tiger have been kept away from the spot. But ministerial visits, even the sources in the department agree, are difficult to keep off. \"In such a situation like this, if anything goes amiss, it's the tiger which will be shot down,\" said one of the wildlife experts, wishing not to be quoted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12474557", "title": "Senate rocked by land problems facing Nagpur university", "text": "NAGPUR: Senate members severely flayed Nagpur university bosses for not doing enough to protect its vast properties in Nagpur.They criticized the NU administration for renewing the lease of a school constructed on its land at Kamptee despite the fact that it had itself moved the court to get the land vacated.They demanded a comprehensive plan for development of NU land and immediate steps to remove encroachments, which are growing by each passing day.Pramod Yeole, who put up the query, said the administration had also tried to mislead the house regarding NU properties outside the state and provided contradictory answers.Later, the VC was forced by the members to pass a proposal that no lease of its land would be renewed in the future.In reply to Mohan Bajpayee's query, the university said that many of its employees had not vacated official quarters. These include fake marksheet and revaluation scam kingpin Yadav Kohchade, former VC Dadasaheb Kalmegh's family, retired medical officer Dr Suresh Lade and research scholar Shaila Upadhyay.The members also pulled up the administration for not providing satisfactory answers and adopting dillydallying tactics by citing court cases. They asked why NU had not made attempts to expedite cases pending since decades.They also blasted NU top brass for failing to remove encroachments from NU's 44-acre land, which was given back by the Maharashtra government after a lengthy legal battle.VC Vilas Sapkal confirmed that about 7.45 acres of NU's land had been encroached upon by various hotels. and 26 acres land yet to be handed over by the government too was encroached by slum dwellers, which were notified.Members raised serious objection to NU's failure to take steps even after media reports that mentioned the Nagpur bench of Bombay high court had asked the collector to explore the possibility of setting up additional courts on the university's unused land near Ambazari lake.Nagpur university to change reval systemIn what could be termed as good news for lakhs of students, NU has agreed to make changes in its revaluation system. TOI had highlighted the issue many times as students continued to suffer. On a query by Gurudas Kamdi, NU informed that 22,065 students had applied for revaluation and the university had collected Rs 50.08 lakh in fee and incurred expenditure of Rs 38.2 lakh.This means NU made a profit of over Rs 12 lakh while revaluation results continued to be declared three months or more late. KL Bhandarkar also took objection to the poor evaluation of answer-sheets. The VC then assured they will positively look into the issue and make necessary changes by studying patterns of other universities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12475837", "title": "HC seeks reply on a change in local body Act", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court on Friday sought reply from the state government within two weeks on the challenge to a 2006 amendment in the UP Municipalities Act (1916), whereby the government had set procedure for reservation on the post of president in municipal councils and nagar panchayats. The matter will come up for next hearing after two weeks. A division bench of Justice DP Singh and Justice DK Upadhyay passed the order on the petition filed by Ashish Mishra.The petitioner has challenged the amended section 9A(5)(i)(c) and (d) of the Municipalities Act seeking directions from the court to declare these provisions as ultra vires to the Constitution of India. The petitioner also sought direction for state government to lay procedure for the said reservation in conformity with provisions of Article 243(T) by re-arranging and allotting office of president in municipal councils in ascending order of percentage of population of backward classes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "12474384", "title": "Two Naxal aides arrested", "text": "GONDIA: Two Naxal sympathizers - Ramesh Parteti and Roshan Tekam - were arrested by Gondia police recently. Parteti was arrested on Tuesday while Tekam was nabbed on Wednesday. Parteti hails from Marartola village and Tekam from Murdoli. Both were produced before court on Thursday which send them to police custody till April 12.Parteti and Tekam are aides of Naxal sympathizer Dr Dilip Nagpure of Pangaon village in Salekasa tehsil. Dr Nagpure was arrested from his village on March 24 but the duo had managed to give the cops a slip then. Dr Nagpure's name was revealed by three Naxalites who were arrested 11 days ago near Salekasa. During inquiry it was revealed by Dr Nagpure that his Naxal literature was distributed and pasted by Parteti and Tekam. Hence, police was on the lookout for the duo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "12474990", "title": "NTPC-Simhadri unit-IV becomes operational", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The 500 MW unit 4 of Simhadri Super Thermal Power Project was successfully synchronized with the grid at Parawada here on Friday afternoon. The unit attained full load by 7 am with the successful synchronization of the fourth unit. With this, the total installed operational capacity of NTPC-Simhadri has now gone up to 2,000 MW.Sources said the total power of this unit would be given to the AP grid as NTPC-Simhadri would charge only fuel cost and not the capital cost in the next 2-3 months. The entire power generated from Simhadri stage I (2 x 500 MW) is being supplied to Andhra Pradesh, while power from stage II is being supplied to Andhra Pradesh - 384.4 MW, Karnataka - 176 MW, Kerala - 80 MW, Tamil Nadu - 197 MW and Puducherry - 10 MW.Simhadri Super Thermal Power Project is the first coastal based thermal power project of NTPC. The Simhadri plant is one of the most modern power plants in India with state-of-the-art control and instrumentation systems, a senior NTPC official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12475135", "title": "Cool rides guaranteed", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Get ready for some cool rides this summer. Your chances of getting an air-conditioned Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) ride just got better. The Ahmedabad Janmarg Ltd (AJL) has decided to increase the air-conditioned fleet by 223 buses.As a result, the total number of AC buses will touch 234. At present, AJL has 11 AC buses on road.\"AJL had recently floated tenders to acquire 223 air-conditioned buses. The tenders, which were issued recently, state that as AJL intends to augment its fleet, it will purchase 223 quality articulated, 900 mm floor height, 18 meter length, diesel-fuelled AC buses with doors on both sides,\" said an AJL official.With the addition of these buses, AJL also plans to have separate fares for AC buses. AJL has already decided that the fare for AC buses will be 25% more. Citing an example, an officer said that if the ordinary fare was Rs 10, the same for an AC bus would be Rs 12.50.\"We are getting 223 new buses, all AC. This will provide more connectivity to people. The AJL board will take a decision on the fare once these buses hit the road. But we have already figured it out and the same will be 25% more than the ordinary fare,\" said Utpal Padia, deputy municipal commissioner in-charge of AJL. A senior AJL officer said that with more AC buses hitting the road, AJL is hoping to convert car owners to travel by BRTS buses. He said with the AC buses, connectivity to other areas will also increase and it will definitely have more car owners switching over to BRTS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12476177", "title": "Child mortality rate dips marginally in 2010", "text": "NEW DELHI: First the good news - nearly 1.41 lakh fewer children died in India in 2010 before reaching their fifth birthday than in 2009. This means nearly 388 fewer children aged 0-4 years died per day.Before you start celebrating, consider this -- 15.41 lakh children died in India in 2010 under the age of five. What's worse, more females died than their male counterparts. While India in 2010 saw over 7.43 lakh male children aged 0-4 years die, the number for female children stood at 8.06 lakh.India's latest Sample Registration System data finalized and signed by the Registrar General of India late on Friday evening, saw under five mortality fall by nearly five points in 2010 - from 64 deaths per 1,000 live births in 2009 to 59 deaths in 2010. This means that in total, India in 2010 saw 15.41 lakh under-five deaths compared to 16.83 lakh in 2009.India, however, still has a higher under-five mortality rate than poorer neighbours like Nepal and Bangladesh and much higher than in Sri Lanka , according to the World Health Organisation's 'World Health Statistics 2011'. The WHO puts Nepal's under-five mortality at 48 per 1,000 live births in 2009, Bangladesh's at 52 and Sri Lanka's at 16.Among Indian states, Assam recorded the highest overall under-five mortality rate - 83 deaths per 1,000 live births followed by Madhya Pradesh (82), Uttar Pradesh (79), Odisha (78), Rajasthan (69), Bihar (64) and Chhattisgarh (61).At the other end of the spectrum, Kerala recorded the lowest overall under-five mortality rate of 15 followed by Tamil Nadu (27), Maharashtra (33), Delhi (34), Punjab (43) and Karnataka (45).In absolute numbers, Uttar Pradesh not surprisingly accounted for 28.7% of the total deaths, Bihar 11%, Madhya Pradesh 10.3%, Rajasthan 8% and Andhra Pradesh 4.7%.States with the lowest absolute number of under-five deaths - Himachal Pradesh, Kerala, Jammu and Kashmir, Delhi and Punjab together accounted for just 3.5% of the country's overall under-five deaths.According to the data, while the death rate of male children before they reached five years of age stood at 55 deaths per 1,000 male children born in 2010, it was almost nine points higher when it came to female children - 64 deaths per 1,000 females born.Also, the child mortality rate was much higher in rural India than in urban. While 61 male children died per 1,000 male births in rural India, the corresponding figure for females stood at 71 deaths.The corresponding numbers for urban India were 36 for male children died and 40 for female children.Deaths of female children before their fifth birthday was highest in Assam and UP - 87 female deaths per 1,000 females born followed by Madhya Pradesh (85), Punjab and Odisha (79), Chhattisgarh (70), Bihar (68), Jharkhand (66) and Gujarat (60).Deaths of female children was lowest in Kerala (16), Tamil Nadu (28), Delhi and Maharashtra (35), Karnataka (47) and Punjab (48).While Kerala is state with the lowest rates, it is also the only one to have seen an increase in under-five mortality though only by less than 0.5. An official told TOI, \"For two consecutive years, India has recorded a five-point decline in under-five mortality rate. However more females are dying even now before they reach their fifth birthday.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12476436", "title": "Switch off your lights at 8.30pm", "text": "BANGALORE: Students are ready to give up studying and businessmen are ready to face losses for one hour on Saturday . Software professionals, too, plan not to work from 8.30pm to 9.30pm, in keeping with the spirit of Earth Hour in Bangalore.This year, the event is being observed on March 31, and companies, hotels and shopping arcades like Brigade Road have planned to switch off lights and electrical appliances for one hour, and take an oath to save energy.Earth Hour is an initiative of the World Wildlife Fund (WWF), aiming to persuade people to switch off for an hour any appliance that runs on electricity, a symbolic event to engage people in taking meaningful steps to address issues of climate change. Last year, Bangalore Electricity Supply Company (Bescom) saved 60MW, and in 2010, the saving was 55MW of power.This year, the utility expects to reduce consumption by more than 100MW, due to Earth Hour. All government offices, including Vidhana Soudha and Vikasa Soudha, have confirmed they will shut down power for one hour. Bescom has also sent messages to all resident welfare associations, BBMP and PWD, who also handle street lighting, to switch off non-essential lights in the city.Every year, the response is increasing in Bangalore, with government departments and offices, Oracle , Infosys , HP , ING Vysya, World Trade Centre, Hotel Lalit Ashok, Mount Carmel College , St Joseph's College , National Cadet Corps and Brigade Road Shops and Establish - ments' Association observing Earth Hour, and organizing aw a re n e s s events to mark the day.Parts of the city to plunge into darkness todayDue to Bescom maintenance work, there will be intermittent power supply between 10 am and 5pm on Saturday in the following areas: Sir MV Layout, Bhuvaneshwarinagar , Maruthinagar, Puttenahalli, KR Layout, JP Nagar 6th Phase, BTM Layout, Bommanahalli, Hongasandra, GB Palya, Bannerghatta Road, ISRO Layout, Prashantinagar , Kumaraswamy Layout, Chandranagar, Kashinagar, Vikramnagar, Shakambarinagar , Marenahalli, Sarakki, Sarakki village, JP Nagar 1st to 6th phase, Jayanagar I-IX blocks, Padmanabhanagar, Shastrinagar, Thyagarajnagar, Banashankari 2nd Stage, NR Colony, Chenammanakere Achhukattu; Banashankari, Srinagar, Girinagar, Srinivasanagar , Basvanagudi, Vinayakanagar, Shankarpuram, Rajarajeshwarinagar, Kengeri , Byatarayanapura, Deepanjalinagar, Chamarajpet, Goripalya, Guddadahalli, Koramangala , Vijayanagar, RPC Layout, Nagarabhavi , NGEF Layout and Bapujinagar. Call 9986873333, 080-22873333 to lodge your complaints. TNN", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12483184", "title": "Information panel fines public information officer of SCERT", "text": "PATNA: The Bihar State Information Commission recently witnessed a bizarre situation when the public information officer (PIO) of State Council of Education, Research &amp; Training (SCERT), Sudhir Kumar Sinha, ran away from the hearing of a case relating to alleged manipulation of marks of primary schoolteacher aspirants.Taking serious note of what he called 'behavioural disorder', the arrogance displayed by the PIO and his attempt to hide information with mala fide intentions, information commissioner Farzand Ahmed slapped a fine of Rs 25,000 on him and directed the SCERT director Hassan Waris to appear in person during the next hearing with proof that the fine has been realized from Sinha's salary and deposited in treasury. He has also asked SCERT authorities to initiate stern disciplinary and administrative action under the RTI Act against Sinha.Ahmed also urged the primary education secretary to consider ordering a high-level inquiry into the alleged manipulation of results of teacher candidates and role of SCERT officials, including Sinha. He said all related papers be immediately seized and Sinha be kept away from such inquiry, if ordered.Prima facie, the allegation about manipulation of marks appeared to be true in a bid to deny promotion to some candidates, Ahmed said. The case related to one Pramod Singh of Nalanda who. along with others, had appeared in the objective test held for appointment of primary school teachers in 2010.The petitioner pointed out though the qualifying marks was 45, he was first awarded only 43 but when he protested he was given 44. Intentions, he alleged, were clear. Earlier, another candidate Karamsheel narrated the same 43-44 marks game. He brought 'proof' to show that he had correctly answered all the questions.The information commissioner told Karamsheel since he has evidence of his marks having been fudged, he should knock the doors of a competent court to get justice. However, when the name of Pramod Singh with an identical complaint was called, the PIO collected his files and ran away without seeking permission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12474678", "title": "Dividends eat into equity fund gains", "text": "Though equity mutual funds (MFs) have given decent returns over the three-year period even in volatile markets, investors who took the dividend option would still be left with a portfolio that hasn't grown in size. That's because dividend payouts made by fund houses at regular intervals has slowly but steadily taken away all the gains during this period.If the dividends paid in these schemes are discounted, their portfolio size is now lower than the cost of investment, analysis shows. Investments made under the growth plan of equity funds through the SIP route in these categories gave an absolute return of 10.5%-17% in three years. After the payouts are taken into account, absolute returns (gains made by a portfolio over the specified period) for dividend plans came down by 4%-15% in the same period.Fund houses had doled out dividends ranging from Rs 2.5 to Rs 18 in these schemes in the last three years, giving little room for the portfolio to grow in size. Interestingly, fund houses which did not pay much in terms of dividend fared much better. For instance, the dividend option of a four-star rated large and mid-cap fund that last made its payouts nearly three years ago almost matched the returns given by the growth option.Dividends from equity MFs are tax-free for investors. But unlike stocks where a dividend doesn't have any impact on the price, the net asset value (NAV) of a fund drops when a payout is made. A 10% dividend of a fund with a face value of Rs 10 would result in the NAV dropping by Re 1 per unit.\"If you want regular income you should go for MIPs (monthly income plans) or debt funds,\" says Gaurav Mashruwala, a certified financial planner. \"Redemptions (exiting funds) done with a clear goal are better than dividends (option),\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "nalgonda", "code": "12475004", "title": "Another suicide attempt by Telangana supporter", "text": "NALGONDA: A day after a degree student ended his life for Telangana in Mahbubnagar district, a tribal youth attempted suicide by setting himself on fire at Bandavath thanda near Kondrapol in Damarcherla mandal in the district on Friday.Bandavath Suresh, 25, poured kerosene over himself and set himself ablaze in his house, reportedly shouting \"Jail Telangana\". His wife and neighbours rushed him to the government hospital. He suffered 50% burns. A lorry driver, Suresh has been active in the Telangana movement for some time. Sources said he was upset over the recent spate of suicides by students for the Telangana cause.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "araria", "code": "12476726", "title": "62 traffickers held, 44 girls rescued in 6 weeks", "text": "ARARIA: If the crackdown on traffickers and rescue of trafficked girls at Forbesganj in Araria district is any pointer, the small town of Forbesganj has turned out to be the hub of syndicates thriving on trafficking.In all, 62 traffickers including brokers, pimps and brothel keepers were arrested and 44 girls rescued in half-a-dozen swoops on traffickers' havens in and around Forbesganj town barely 20 km from the Bihar-Nepal border within a space of six weeks this year, according to a senior police officer. Araria SP Shivdeep Lande on Friday said, \"A concerted drive was launched amidst reports pouring in about the huge spurt in trafficking of girls in the area. The traffickers were booked and trafficked girls recovered and repatriated to their families.\"Araria Child Welfare Committee chairman Rita Ghosh said, \"The raids at different places in and around Forbesganj, besides uncovering the underbelly of the traffickers, has saved the lives of many young girls who were getting pushed into flesh trade.\" Araria Mahila Samaj secretary Sulochana Devi says, \"Such a campaign is a real feather in the women's empowerment campaign.\" The girls were enticed by the traffickers through promise of good job and a cozy, comfortable life, she said.\"The government should allot Indira Awaas Yojana units to these rescued girls and offer them job opportunities so that they can outlive the stigma,\" says Ratanmala Devi of Mahila Chetna Samiti, Araria.Araria SP Shivdeep Lande said a drive was launched after getting reports about spurt in trafficking of girls in Forbesganj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12476464", "title": "Lokayukta police inspect RTO offices", "text": "BANGALORE: The Lokayukta police on Friday inspected regional transport offices (RTOs) across the state following complaints of touts being employed in these offices and fleecing people.\"The officers and staff have promised to discontinue such a tradition in these offices,\" said Lokayukta SP PK Shivashankar.He said the Lokayukta police had received several complaints that the RTOs were indulging in such practices with public facing difficulty in getting their work done.Another officer said that RTO staff, on the pretext of shortage of staff, had been employing outsiders. \"The RTO staff are using them as substitute staff which is against the norms. Most of the time, representatives of driving schools are found acting as staff in RTOs. So are touts and hangers-on ,\" the officer said.DEPT PROMISES ACTIONTransport commissioner T Sham Bhatt on Friday said he would take action against officials against whom cases are booked. Bhatt also urged citizens to personally go to RTO offices for their vehicle-related work and not approach touts.\"I will take action once the Lokayukta reports are released. Not that I was unaware of touts in RTO offices but they did not rule these offices. Their business grew because people felt ashamed to queue up in RTOs to get their work done and instead went to touts,\" Sham Bhatt told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12475627", "title": "Mamata seeks NCTC as only agenda for April 16 CMs\u2019 meet", "text": "NEW DELHI: Upping her ante further, Congress's restive ally, West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee has now demanded that the meeting of CMs scheduled for April 16 should exclusively focus on the contentious issue of the jurisdiction of the National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC).Banerjee, who played a key role in mobilizing the opposition of state governments to the powers Centre wants to confer on NCTC, wrote to PM Manmohan Singh on Friday that the meeting's agenda should be restricted to the reservations of the state about what has been conceived as the chief counter-terror mechanism.Banerjee justified the demand saying that the CMs should have adequate time to discuss the controversial order of the Union home ministry regarding NCTC. Referring to the assurance the PM gave in Parliament earlier this month, Banerjee wrote \"I have since received a communication from the Union home minister about a conference of chief ministers in internal security to be held on April 16. The NCTC is just one of the 10 important items on the agenda.\"She added, \"You will appreciate that in such a meeting the focus on NCTC would be lost. And NCTC is an important and sensitive issue and several state governments have expressed serious reservations about implementation of the NCTC order, 2012. It should be the only matter for discussion in the meeting to be held on April 16, so that all states are in a position to express their views properly and adequate interaction can take place.\"Although the CMs'meeting on internal security had been scheduled before the controversy over the NCTC erupted risking the fate of Centre's initiative, Banerjee's proposed format raises doubts whether the exercise can resolve the dispute.However, she is likely to get support from other CMs. Gujarat CM Narendra Modi , for one, has already written to PM along similar lines: although this is something that may require CMs of Bihar and Odisha - Banerjee's allies in the battle over NCTC - to calibrate their response.States are opposed to the jurisdiction that Centre has invested the NCTC with because it gives the mechanism the power to carry out arrests in states. The MHA's February order also makes it mandatory for state police to share information and cooperate with NCTC whenever asked. To Banerjee and others CMs: all these add up to sprawling mandate which is antithetical to the constitutional scheme where \"law and order\" is supposed to be the responsibility of states.The Centre decided to put NCTC on the agenda of CMs' meet after states protested the bid to resolve the issue through a dialogue with police chiefs. Protest against the exclusion of political principals from the negotiations led to the widening of the agenda, but the letter clearly shows that it has fallen short of Banerjee's expectations too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12476910", "title": "Save your dog from the scorching summer", "text": "LUDHIANA: Is your dog becoming aggressive? Is it prone to suffering from heat stroke?This summer, which will be scorching as usual, your pet needs extra care.There is a fear of your dog becoming aggressive due to scorching heat, says veterinarian Dr Aditya Sewak of Gurdev Nagar, adding, pet owners need to take several precautionary measures for dogs so that they keep their cool.Dr Sewak suggests dogs should not be put to excessive exercise in summers and should be put to mild work out during early morning or evening, if at all. Even grooming the pets twice a day would help as it would release the heat trapped in their body, he adds. One of the prominent changes to detect if your dog is suffering a heat stroke is the colour of its tongue, which usually changes to brown in such case, says Dr Sewak, adding, ''The other prominent signs could be staring, panting, fever, anxiety, rapid heartbeat and vomiting. Owners should immediately take the pet to their vet if dog's behaviour involves any of these symptoms.Veterinarian Jaspreet Singh of Sarabha Nagar says feeding enough water to dog is important in summers and a bowl clean, cool water should be kept for the pet all the time. If possible, the dogs should be kept indoors mostly and provided a cool ambience, says Jaspreet.New Model Town resident Sahil Dua, who owns Victor, a two-year-old saint bernard, says, ''Victor loves a shower during summers. I keep him inside the house mostly to avoid any health issues due to the scorching heat.'' Owner of five-year-old sheep dog Tuffy, Rajwinder Singh, says, ''I keep his hair trimmed and give him frequent showers during summers.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12476312", "title": "School ordered to compensate boy for lost vision", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court on Friday ordered compensation to parents of a four-year-old boy who lost his vision as the class teacher failed to take him to hospital after his classmate threw a pencil at him, injuring his eyes.Rojar Federer was studying in LKG in the Angels of Earth Nursery and Primary School at Thirukaanoorpatti in Thanjavur district. On March 4, 2011, after returning home from school, the boy told his mother that his right eye was bulged and he was suffering acute pain. When enquiries were made, the child told his mother that at around noon, his classmate threw a pencil which hit his right eye. Even though he cried in pain, the class teacher told him to lie down and failed to take him to hospital.When his father took him to hospital, the eye specialist informed him that the nerve in the right eye had been fully cut off and in case treatment had been provided within three hours, they could have saved the right eye of the boy. Hence his father Robert Kennedy filed a petition alleging that because of negligence on part of the class teacher, his son lost his right eye.Disposing of the petition, Justice K K Sasidharan said the factual matrix clearly showed that the teacher was at fault. The teacher should have taken all possible care. The teacher concerned was in charge of small children. The judge also said the school was collecting fees from parents and was not doing social service. The student was admitted on payment of admission fees and the parent had been paying monthly fees. Necessarily, the educational institution should ensure no harm is caused to students. Even if injury was caused on account of the negligent act of a fellow student, still the responsibility was on the educational institution to take the child to a nearby hospital forthwith and give him immediate treatment.Directing the school to pay for the vision loss of the child, Justice Sasidharan said the teacher employed by the school was clearly at fault. The school being the employer, was vicariously liable for the negligent act of its employees. The judge directed the school to pay compensation of Rs 3,21,000 to the father with interest at 9% from 13 December 2011. Such payment should be made within two months, the order added.The judge directed the school to pay compensation of Rs 3,21,000 to the father with interest at 9% from 13 December 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12476969", "title": "Assam militants on state crime radar", "text": "KOLKATA: Members of different disbanded militant outfits in Assam are giving tough times to the law enforcers in Jalpaiguri and Cooch Behar districts of West Bengal, which share border with the northeast state. Following a series of abduction and robbery cases in Alipurduar subdivision of Jalpaiguri and Tufanganj area of Cooch Behar, probe revealed that cadres of small insurgent outfits were behind the incidents.In a television interview on Thursday, chief minister Mamata Banerjee expressed concerns over the growing crime graph in the area and said that her government was in touch with its Assam counterpart to curb the menace.Both Assam Police and its Bengal counterpart blamed National Santhal Liberation Army (NSLA) - the offshoot of Adivasi People's Army - which has influence among the plantation workers in different tea gardens in Kokrajhar, Chirang and Udalguri districts of lower Assam.In 2011, the Alipurduar subdivision of Jalpaiguri district had witnessed more than a dozen abduction cases. Only four of these cases were reported to police. One of the victims, Debadipto Acharya - a schoolteacher - was heading towards the school on his bike in April last year. Some unidentified criminals kidnapped him and later the abductors claimed that they belonged to a militant outfit.Sources said that days after the abduction, the family members of Acharya managed to get back the victim by paying a hefty ransom at some undisclosed place in Kokrajhar. In December 2011, Narayan Sen - a village doctor at Kalchini block of the subdivision - was abducted in a similar manner. He, too, was released after payment of ransom at a place bordering Assam. A Jaigaon-based trader was kidnapped on the outskirts of Alipurduar and was reportedly kept at a militant camp in Assam's Chirang district. Recently, Tapas Saha, a trader from Kumargram's Barabisa, was kidnapped from Balarhat near the Assam border.Asenior officer of Assam Police's special branch claimed that NSLA cadres, having hideouts in Kokrajhar and Chirang, are behind the incidents. \"Recently, we have rounded up a key member of the outfit and managed to get hold of some important information about their activities,\" said the officer. The special branch officer confirmed that NSLA is a splinter group of another tribal outfit Adivasi People's Army (APA), active among plantation workers.Police said that APA was floated by the 709 battalion of United Liberation Front of Asom to collect money through abduction and extortion. In January, most of the APA cadres surrendered before the government but a small section left APA and formed NSLA. \"The recent arrests revealed that the NSLA cadres have contacts with Maoists in Jharkhand and some of their cadres were trained in the red zone,\" said the officer. Anup Agarwal, additional SP of Alipurduar, also admitted that they were sharing inputs with Assam Police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12477074", "title": "Stir ends, but LPG heat on", "text": "MUMBAI: The bulk gas transporters ended their stir on Friday but the city will face a shortage of cooking gas cylinders for a few more days. More than 3,300 LPG supplying tankers were off roads for nine days and this has created a LPG crisis across the state.Western India Bulk LPG Transporters Association president Vijay Khosla said he had withdrawn the stir as he \"didn't want citizens to face harships .\" \"Our talks with the oil companies were inconclusive. But we learnt that there was a LPG crisis in Nagpur, Pune and other cities in the western region .\" Pratap Doshi of the All-India LPG distributors federation said, \"There is a shortage of LPG cylinders especially in the western suburbs of Mumbai . States like Gujarat, Maharashtra , Goa, Chhatisgarh and Madhya Pradesh are badly affected . This is because the bulk gas was not moving to bottling plants due to transporters' stir.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12475877", "title": "Undergraduate annual exams begin at Lucknow University", "text": "LUCKNOW: Annual examinations for undergraduate students of Lucknow University and associated colleges began on Friday. The exam was conducted at 47 centres including LU. In the first shift, BA first year students appeared in Home Science paper, while in the afternoon shift, first year BA and BSc students appeared in anthropology.In the afternoon shift, BSc-II students appeared in geology and bio-technology exam and final year BSc students appeared in chemistry exam. The first shift was held from 8.00 am to 11.00 am, and the second from 2.30 pm to 5.30 pm. The flying squad caught two teachers, Vivek Dutta and Aradhana Shukla of Veer Bahadur Degree College encouraging students to indulge in cheating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12477173", "title": "Jewellers\u2019 community observes total bandh", "text": "ALLAHABAD: On the call given by state leadership, office bearers and workers of Sarva Yuva Vyapar Mandal observed a complete bandh in Chowk and other business centres of the city on Friday. Shopkeepers downed their shutters to express solidarity with the members of the jewellers community who are protesting against the decision of the Central government to impose excise duty on non-branded jewellery items.Later, a meeting was held at Clock Tower crossing in Chowk where the speakers flayed Centre of imposing additional burden on small time jewellers who would be hit hard in the wake of the strike.President, Prayag Sarrafa Mandal, Kuldeep Soni who is also sitting on an indefinite fast since Tuesday said that imposition of additional excise duty would usher 'Inspector raj' in the country where small jewellers would be harassed by officials on one plea or the other.He added that the excise duty imposed on non-branded jewellery would force the manufacturers of the same on the brink of starvation given the low profit margin on such items. On the other members of Sarva Yuva Vyapar Mandal under the leadership of Krishna Kumar Gupta took out a procession from Badhshahi Mandi and marched upto the Gur Mandi and staged a dharna.They resolved to support the members of Allahabad Sarrafa Mandal and met the president, who is sitting on a fast since last three days.The Allahabad Distributors under the banner of Uttar Pradesh Distributors Association (UPDA) observed total strike to support jewellers' community on Friday. They did not ply vans nor supplied goods in the market.Senior vice-president of Uttar Pradesh Distributors Association Moharram Ali has deplored the imposition of 1% excise duty on non-branded jewellery. The finance minster has taken a harsh decision in the general budget and given an alibi to the excise department to harass small jewellers and craftsmen engaged in the small scale jewellery work.Mohrarram Ali further added that TDS on Rs 2 lakh transaction is a severe blow to the jewellery trade and is a clear cut infringement on the fundamental right of the citizens of India in the filed of jewelry trade.Joint secretary of Uttar Pradesh Distributor Association Mahendra Goel criticized the government for not withdrawing 1 per cent excise duty on non branded jewelry till now in spite of Union Coal Minister Sri Prakash Jaiswal supporting the traders.Extending support to striking jewellers in the city, senior Bhartiya Janata Party(BJP) leader Yogesh Shukla said that by enhancing the custom duties the central government has done a step motherly treatment with small jewellers.The evil shadow of this new law would cast it's spell on not only jewellery traders but also on people from all sections of society.Supporting the ongoing indeifinite fast of president, Prayag Sarrafa Mandal he said that no agitation goes in vain and the movement of jewellery traders would definitely produce success.On the other hand the regional president, Bhartiya Janata Yuva Morcha, Shashank Shekhar Pandey has accused the Samajwadi Party (SP) government in the state of backtracking on their promise of providing unemployment allowance to them.Stating that it was a ploy to win the votes of youth in the state he said that youth should not get mistaken by such false promises and instead join clean and deserving leaders in taking the state on path to development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "story", "code": "12479505", "title": "3", "text": "Story: School student Ram (Dhanush) falls in love with Janani (Shruti), who is also a Class XII student, and woos her through college. When her family decides to move to the US, she burns her passport because she can't bear to live without Ram. They get married finally, but will they live happily ever after?Movie Review: Dhanush is one of those rare actors in Indian cinema who is at home playing a school student and also a businessman battling his inner demons (as he does in \"3\") or a young salesman searching for his bike (in \"Polladhavan\") or a uneducated rustic who only knows how to breed and fight roosters (in \"Aadukalam\", which fetched him his first national award for acting). An actor at the peak of his craft, he doesn't break a sweat while portraying the two extremes of Ram, though his performance as a schoolboy in love is more entertaining and watchable than the changeover into a married man in the second half.Shruti Haasan does a very good job as a schoolgirl, with her shy countenance and demure looks. Though dialogue delivery lets her down in some scenes, her work in \"3\" is a good example of her growing maturity as an actor in her second performance in Tamil after \"7 Aum Arivu\".Sivakarthikeyan is a roar, and keeps the laughs coming in the first half. He is sorely missed in the second half when the screenplay takes a turn for the serious. Sunder Ramu as Senthil, a friend of Ram, has sadly nothing new to offer, his role being very similar to the one he played in \"Mayakkan Enna\". Veterans Prabhu, Bhanupriya and Rohini are also sadly underused, though they shine in the limited scope offered to them.Composer Anirudh shows that there is more to him beyond \"Kolaveri\", which unfortunately will be the main reason to drag the audiences into the theatres. \"Kannazhaga\" (Shruti and Dhanush) and \"Po nee po\" (Mohit Chauhan and Anirudh) are sure to find repeat listeners among the discernable audiences.Aishwarya R Dhanush shows sparks of brilliance in her directorial debut, and marks herself as a name to look out for in Tamil cinema. She establishes her credentials in the first scene itself, when she shows people grieving over a dead body (a rarity in Tamil cinema), and displays a commendable grasp over the medium. Though uneven in her treatment of a sensitive subject (which can be easily attributed to lack of experience), she comes out with a fairly engaging movie, though it does portray shades of characters seen in recent Tamil movies. Besides the opening scenes, a couple of others are worth a mention - Dhanush's interaction with his father (played by Prabhu) and the way Rohini examines her daughter (Shruti) the first time she meets her after her marriage.What is irking is the way Janani's kid sister, who we are told is born with a hearing impairment , suddenly starts speaking, and the \"message ending\" after a slightly tedious second half. Why this kolaveri?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12476978", "title": "Percentile system for HS students from next year?", "text": "KOLKATA: Delhi did it, so did Mumbai. Now it's Kolkata's turn to strike a parity between boards that is becoming increasingly important during college admission. The choice for the state board is to introduce percentile, says the government-appointed syllabus reform committee. The suggestion, once cleared by the government, is likely to come into effect from 2013.Students from the West Bengal Higher Secondary Council felt left out last year when their competitors from other boards had a \"natural advantage\" in terms of marks, especially in literature and social sciences. Colleges had little option because the Supreme Court has banned the archaic system of setting a high cut-off for students of other boards that was the practice in Bengal colleges till some years ago. At the same time, academics felt the need of evolving a system to ensure that students from the state board do not feel discriminated against.The syllabus reforms committee thus opted for the timetested percentile system in a bid to give students a level playing ground. \"It is a globally accepted formula and prevalent method. It is necessary to upgrade our system to bring it on a par with international standards,\" elaborated Muktinath Chattopadhyay, president of the West Bengal Higher Secondary Council.Even grades are no answer to the problem, given the fierce competition in colleges where a student may miss the chance of admission for a decimal point. For instance, a student who gets 89 and the one who gets 90 get two different grades, A and A+ respectively, which makes a gulf of difference during admission. The percentile system can eliminate such problems.Now, what is percentile? This is a system that helps locate a student's position in order of merit. But it is not the 'rank' we are used to. It gives you an indication of the student's standing as a percentage of the total number of students taking the test. For instance, if a student achieves the fifth rank among 100 students, his or her percentile would be (100 minus 5) 95, indicating that the student has outperformed 95 students. If the number of students increases, the student's percentile is the percentage of the number of students he or she has outperformed, divided by the total number of students.The syllabus reforms committee is mooting the proposal to the government. \"It will ensure proper assessment of students. The current method of giving preference to students with higher marks during admissions in colleges gives an edge to applicants from other boards, like CBSE and ISC. HS students get the short shrift since they cannot compete with these boards which award more marks to students. The confusion that exists in case of gradation will be eliminated,\" said headmaster of Ballygunge Government High School, Rupak Homroy.Aveek Mazumdar, chairman of the committee proposing the change in evaluation, said: \"Introduction of percentile system will allow flexibility in exams. Moreover, universities like Delhi University, University of Mumbai and others select students on the basis of percentile.\"A senior school education department official said: \"It has been decided by the human resources and development ministry that state boards should devise a method to bring students of all boards on a par while giving admissions in under-graduation. This step will ensure that the decision can be implemented. Let the committee submit its recommendations, we will take the final call.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12475895", "title": "Mumbai Metro may get 44 extra coaches from China", "text": "MUMBAI: Even before the Metro could start functioning in the city, Mumbai Metro one is likely to buy 44 additional coaches from a Chinese firm for its Versova-Andheri-Ghatkopar line, given the growth in the estimated number of commuters.So far, 64 compartments had been allotted for the first line of the Metro. But officials of Metro One, the building and operating agency of the transport facility, are now pushing for more coaches after a survey showed that in peak hours, 55,000 people were likely to travel per hour in one direction. The traffic study was undertaken by Metro One and a Hong-Kong-based traffic consultant, MVA Systra, in 2012. An earlier study in 2006 had estimated the peak hour traffic as 30,000 people per hour per direction. While the old figure pegged the daily passenger count at 8 lakh, the new count has been estimates at 15 lakh.The additional coaches, to be bought from a firm based in Nanjing, China, would ensure a \"future proof\" system, which will be able to handle the growing demand for 20 years, said an official, adding that it was initially planned that extra coaches should be bought five years after starting the operation. But, if they were bought now, Metro One officials claimed, it would save them about Rs 300 crore.But, the planning agency of Metro, MMRDA, is not too keen on the additional coaches. It feels that the coaches from China should first be tried out in Indian conditions before they are ordered for. An MMRDA official, however, said if the demand did go up, they might agree to go with the new plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12476859", "title": "They believe destiny played Cupid", "text": "Manpreet Gogia does not blush even a hint as he declares that he was smitten by Jasmine the first time he lay eyes on her. That was nine years ago when the two were still in school and happened to attend the same tuition. Now, married for three years, the couple enjoy digging out their treasure box of memories every now and then and looking through all the years in between.Residents of Kitchlu Nagar, Manpreet and Jasmine are convinced that they were destined to meet and be together. ''I was studying in Lawrence School, Sanawar but failed in Class XII so I returned home and took admission in a city school. In October 2003, at my tuition I saw Jasmine for the first time. She looked gorgeous and I distinctly remember thinking that my world would change if she becomes my girlfriend,'' says Manpreet.But he did not want to make any hasty moves. So he tried friendship first. But true to Bollywood style, their love got a little jerk when Jasmine's mother checked her call details one day and reported the matter to Manpreet's parents.Jasmine says she has no track of the number of times they broke up and then came back together. After graduation, Manpreet joined the auto parts business while Jasmine pursued post graduation.''Those years we would date in the car so that no one could spot us. We also approached our families again and told them that we wanted to get married. By God's grace both families agreed and we became husband and wife on June 7, 2009,'' says Jasmine. Cuddling his six-month-old daughter Reet, Manpreet says, ''Had I not failed in Class XII, I would have probably never met her.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12475817", "title": "Sahara Mall pubs say goodbye to bouncers", "text": "GURGAON: All bouncers have been replaced by security guards at the pubs in Sahara Mall well before the April deadline. In keeping with police directives, there are two security guards each from registered private security agencies at the pubs.However, one problem being faced by club owners is that visitors are reluctant to produce their I-cards at the entrance of the clubs/pubs despite it being made mandatory.On March 21 Gurgaon police had set a 10-day deadline for pub owners to replace their bouncers with \"well-mannered\" security guards from registered security agencies. Police had also asked them to ensure more lighting at the gates, installation of cameras, proper uniform for guards with the logo of the pubs, maintenance of a record of IDs as well as \"profiles\" of their visitors.The guidelines were given to pub and bar owners of the city in a meeting in the wake of the abduction of a 23-year-old woman from outside Sahara Mall and and her gang rape in the wee hours of March 12. Fourteen pub owners were present at the meeting with the DCP (east and crime) Maheshwar Dayal in his office in Sector 51. The owners of two pubs in Sahara Mall were not present in the meeting.Police officers have maintained that the bouncers hired by bar owners were often not adequately trained to control troublemakers and that the pub owners should replace the 'rowdy' bouncers with private guards. But some pub owners doubt if an unruly crowd could be controlled by two security guards.Some of them said that a security guard's salary was much less than what bouncers were earning, hinting that bars and pubs were unlikely to be safe in the hands of security guards.A pub owner said that with the new guidelines, visitors hesitate to produce their I-cards and ask more questions. \"We understand with the approach of the police but because of the strict measures our business is going to Delhi. We are running our clubs at a loss, but because we also want peace, we are following the police directives,\" said a bar owner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12476933", "title": "Be ready to battle rise in temperature", "text": "LUDHIANA: The heat is just round the corner. Agro-meteorological scientists at PAU have predicted that weather is likely to remain dry for next 3 days, resulting in increase in the temperature by several notches. So, if you thought you had some more time to enjoy the cool breeze, sadly it may not be so. Says Kulwinder Kaur Gill, associate agro-meteorologist, \"The forecast for the next 3 days is that the weather will remain dry. As a result, the temperature will increase by few notches. However, the temperatures have been normal at this time of the year this year unlike the previous two years when the temperatures were on the higher side.\"Advocate Parvinder Singh of Dugri, Phase II, says\"The temperatures are increasing by the day, suggesting that the summer is here. The temperature has crossed the 30 degrees celsius mark. During day time, we have to switch on fan and even feel like using air conditioners during the day. We have also packed warm clothes and are buying clothes for summer.\"Kitchlu Nagar resident, Komal Arora, a teacher at a private school, says, \"After a long winter, the summer has finally arrived. It was hot on Friday, so I gulped half a dozen bottles of cold drinks and also had ice cream during the day.This I feel is the best mechanism to handle the hot weather. The days ahead will be even more warm.\"Jasleen Kaur, 10, of Civil Lines, said, \"Since I am having post-exams holidays at school, I prefer to sit in home. In the evening only, I am able to go out.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12475409", "title": "Finance ministry nod for maiden vaccine park", "text": "NEW DELHI: The finance ministry has given its nod to set up the country's first integrated vaccine park.The Rs 594-crore park spread over 100 acres at Chengalpattu near Chennai will produce all six primary vaccines used in the country's Universal Immunization Programme (UIP), besides manufacturing several new-generation vaccines.India's UIP is one of the largest in the world that targets 2.7 crore infants and 3 crore pregnant women every year.Union health secretary P K Pradhan said \"We are taking the proposal to the cabinet now. The finance ministry has cleared the proposal.\"One of the park's main intentions will be to establish vaccine security in India.It will produce 100 million doses each of pentavelent vaccine, measles vaccine, HIB and BCG, 140 million doses of Hepatitis B vaccine, 25 million doses of vaccine against Japanese Encephalitis, and 20 million doses of anti-rabies vaccine.\"The project once approved by the Cabinet Committee of Economic Affairs will be completed in 36 months. The park will ensure vaccine availability during an emergency, insulate vaccine prices from arbitrary escalation and reduce dependence on importing vaccines,\" Pradhan said.The project had received a major push from finance minister Pranab Mukherjee , who in his budget speech on March 16 had said that the park would ensure availability of life-saving vaccines at all times ensuring vaccine security. \"We expect to take the project proposal to the CCEA in the next three weeks,\" ministry officials said.A ministry official said, \"The department of expenditure was developing cold feet over the proposal. Now with the FM's push for the park in his Budget speech, the project got a quick clearance.\"The Public Investment Board had recently cleared the proposal for the park.A ministry official said, \"We need to have vaccine security in India. At present when we fall short of vaccines we have to approach private producers who jack up prices at will. Once it is approved, it will take around two and a half years before it is operational.\"Experts say being entirely in the public sector, the vaccine park will help bring down the price of vaccines.The Expanded Programme for Immunization (EPI) in India was launched in 1978. However for almost two decades, UIP did not add any additional vaccine. However, since 2006, vaccines like Hepatitis B, second dose of measles and Japanese Encephalitis (JE) have been introduced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12476156", "title": "Tamil Nadu Electricity Board regains balance of power", "text": "After nearly a decade of dodging tariff hike, the Tamil Nadu government has taken the bold step to increase cost of power to bail out the debt-ridden Tamil Nadu Electricity Board (TNEB) and ensure consumers shared a bit of its burden. While successive governments pursued a vote-bank policy to spare consumers, the 37% increase in power costs across various slabs, guaranteeing Rs 29,347 crore revenue, has set a precedence of sorts. With no administrative reforms in place and no funds to initiate fresh projects, the ailing board has been struggling to close the growing demand-supply gap. While the hike is bound to cause angst among consumers, from small to high-end domestic consumers and low to high tension industrial users, the decision was long-pending.Justifying the move , electricity minister Natham R Viswanathan told TOI, \"Even after this hike, the board will continue to remain a loss-making unit\". He added that the state energy regulatory commission was a statutory body and the state had no say in its decision. \"I believe the decision has been taken after considering the losses incurred on transmission and distribution,\" he said.While hiking the bus fares and price of milk in November last year, chief minister J Jayalalithaa indicated that a power tariff hike was also in the offing. Barely a few hours after the announcement hit TV channels, there were rumblings of discontent. \"I am already paying more than Rs 3,000 for electricity bill especially during the summer months. This hike will be an additional burden\", said a George Town resident S Amudhavali. As her house is located in a small, dingy lane, she is forced to use lights and fans for more than 15 hours every day. And, with the hike causing a ripple effect, residents will be under pressure to draw up tighter budgets and change their lifestyles.The power tariff hike is bound to have an impact on costs of commodities and services. \"There is an imperative need to generate more power as the tariff hike will have a spiraling effect on manufacturing costs of various products,\" said CPM MLA K Balakrishanan. The issue is expected to kick off a high-decibel debate in the ongoing assembly session. The hike has come as a rude shock for ailing industries. Textile mills say the state would become totally uncompetitive for new investments in the industry with the Rs 1.50 per unit hike in power tariff for high-tension (HT) consumers. No other state has increased the tariff to this extent at one shot and the proposed tariff will be the highest in the country for HT consumers, said S Dinakaran, chairman, Southern India Mills' Association (SIMA).Tamil Nadu follows footsteps of other prudent statesCHENNAI: Tamil Nadu has after nearly a decade finally increased power charges, with the Tamil Nadu Electricity Regulatory Commission (TNERC) on Friday announcing a 37% hike in cost of power from April 1. Tamil Nadu for many years had the lowest tariff for power in the country. The Tamil Nadu Electricity Board (TNEB) earlier charged domestic consumers a minimum of 65 paise and a maximum of Rs 4.05 after subsidy from the government. After the hike, the minimum charge will be Rs 1.10 per unit after subsidy and the maximum will be Rs 5.75 (without subsidy). The increase has raised the average cost of power for households to Rs 3.42 per unit from the earlier Rs 2.35.Tamil Nadu now has the second-lowest tariff just above Gujarat, which charges domestic consumers an average of Rs 3.30 per unit. Karnataka charges Rs 3.50 per unit and Andhra Pradesh Rs 4.55 per unit. Maharashtra charges the most for power at an average of Rs 5.57 per unit. In Andhra Pradesh, the minimum tariff is 2.75 per unit and the maximum 6.25 per unit. Karnataka's power tariff is in a band between Rs 2.05 and Rs 4.75 per unit and in West Bengal , it is between Rs 3 and Rs 6.85.Gujarat, a power surplus state, charges a minimum of 2.30 per unit in rural areas and Rs 2.80 per unit in urban areas. The maximum is 4.35 per unit in rural areas and 4.75 per unit in urban areas. Maharashtra charges a minimum of Rs 2.47 and a maximum of Rs 7.50 per unit, while in Uttar Pradesh it is between Rs 3.45 and Rs 3.80 per unit. Orissa charges between Rs 1.40 and 4.80 per unit.The government gave the go-ahead for the hike last November after it concluded that it would not be able to raise adequate funds from the Centre to bail it out of the red.Hike to help power utility break evenCHENNAI: If anybody raised a toast to 37% tariff hike announced by the Tamil Nadu Electricity Regulatory Commission (TNERC) on Friday it had to be the state's power managers. The increase in revenue due to the hike in power charges is expected to bridge the income-expenditure gap of the Tamil Nadu Electricity Board (TNEB).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12476055", "title": "Officials collect throat swabs of relatives", "text": "CHENNAI: The patients who have been detected with the H1N1 virus have been prescribed Tamiflu (oseltamivir) and domestic quarantine. This is the first case reported in 18 months.Officials from the Chennai Corporation visited their residences in Kotturpuram and Adambakkam to take throat swabs of the patients' relatives. The resident of Kotturpuram, a general manager at a manufacturing company, visited Delhi on March 18.\"He says a passenger on the flight to Delhi had coughed throughout the journey. A week later, he had cold and fever,\" Thangarajan said. \"He was referred to Bharat Scans for a throat swab and the diagnostic centre informed King Institute that the patient had tested positive for H1N1.\"The institute also received a call from Saidapet Government Hospital where doctors found a patient with symptoms of swine flu. The patient, a resident of Periyar Nagar in Adambakkam, who works at an automobile dealership, had fever, headache and cough from March 22. Doctors sent a throat swab to Guindy on Thursday. The patient said he had not travelled outside Chennai. King Institute will study the character of the virus and see if it has adapted to survive in Chennai's tropical summer. \"Earlier outbreaks of H1N1 in India occurred in winter. It is important to find out if there has been a change in the virus,\" Dr Gunasekaran said.King Institute will study the character of the virus and see if it has adapted to survive in Chennai's tropical summer as the earlier outbreak was in winter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "warangal", "code": "12474976", "title": "Ragging rocks National Institute of Technology", "text": "WARANGAL: The National Institute of Technology (NIT) here was shaken by a ragging incident on Friday. Eleven junior students were reportedly ragged by 10 seniors. Three of the ragging victims were even beaten up by their seniors who later fled.Sources said the senior students called the junior students to Vikram Tarabai hostel block in the afternoon where the latter were subjected to ragging. The juniors were playing cricket when the seniors trooped into the ground and started teasing them. Later, they were herded into the hostel block, locked up in a room and ragged by the senior students.Soon word about the ragging spread and NIT director T Srinivasa Rao and dean G Radhakrishnamaharya rushed to the block. Upon seeing the professors, the senior students fled from the hostel room. The chief warden later broke open the door and freed the 11 first year students. Kazipet police immediately started an enquiry. The NIT authorities maintained a stoic silence on the ragging.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "12476245", "title": "Mapusa market gets a princely Rs 15 lakh in budget", "text": "MAPUSA: The Mapusa municipality has passed a surplus Budget of 10.81 crore for the 2012-13 fiscal on Thursday. The budget presented by chairperson Sudhir Kandolkar envisages an income of 26,66,53,800 against an expense of 24,64,80,5000. The municipality has an opening balance of 8,79,90,125. Provisions have been made by the municipality anticipating 5 crore as grant in aid by the government while estimating the receipts side of the budget. The 2012-13 Budget was unanimously passed.The special feature of the budget is that it has an expenditure provision of 10 lakhs for each ward ( total 15) and provision of 15 lakhs for the municipal market area for developmental purposes.Kandolkar said that a waste management plan will be introduced in the municipality during the coming fiscal with the support of the state government. He said that the municipality has approached the government for financial grants for the development of a taxi stand, Chacha Nehru park and vegetable shades.The revenue receipts of the municipality includes 1.5 crore from house tax, market shop rent 1.5 crore, construction licensee of 1.5 crore and octroi duty of 3 crore. Kandolkar said that the shop rent and house tax are likely to remain the same during this fiscal. He also said that because of high court orders staying the issue of the construction license and the occupancy certificate by the municipality for establishments in its jurisdiction, the Mapusa municipality is losing out 1 crore per anum.\"People have invested in flats and shops; however, because of high court orders we cannot issue the occupancy certificate and as such the municipality is losing out 1 crore a year,\" Kandolkar said.\"We are complying with the Goa State Pollution Control Board norms and hopefully the stay will be vacated soon,\" Kandolkar said.\"The development of the Mapusa city will be put on fast track with the support of the government,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "ongole", "code": "12474955", "title": "Tobacco ryots duped", "text": "ONGOLE: Tobacco merchants are at the moment engaged in unscrupulous undercover purchase of tobacco stocks from debt-ridden farmers and although that explains the steep fall in prices at the auctions, the tobacco board has yet to take any concrete steps to check the illegal trade.Purchase of stocks outside authorised auction platforms has been proscribed but absence of surveillance by the board is helping merchants flout the ban. The plummeting prices have struck a fear among tobacco cultivators and some traders have deployed 'marketing executives' in the tobacco-growing areas of Prakasam district to take advantage of the situation to seal deals at cheaper prices. Sources said that this was the main reason why only three big players had turned up for the auctions even though it has been 20 days since they began.\"In some villages, the traders are very active. They are procuring stocks directly from the farmers and not from auctions, which is against the rules,\" confirmed a tobacco board official on condition of anonymity. While the board has authorised a crop size of 161 million kilos for Andhra Pradesh in the current season, traders have so far picked up only around four million kilos. \"The way the purchases are going is enough hint as to what exactly is happening behind the scenes,\" he observed. Curiously, board authorities have not bothered to find out why the auctions have failed to pick up.Merchants are offering a mere Rs 80 per kilo although the normal rate is Rs 120 per kilo. \"Traders want to avoid participating in the auctions at the authorised centres as that may require them to pay more. On the other hand, thoroughly perturbed by their loses, farmers are in great hurry to make offload their stocks,\" said a tobacco farmer from Tangutur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12474890", "title": "Gangland rivalry spills blood on city streets", "text": "NAGPUR: This week's murder and counter killing in city have brought to fore the scalding rivalries among the gangs that may lead to more such gory incidents. Despite ongoing preventive actions by the police, fierce gang rivalries seem to be coming up as another major concern.Murdered goon Suraj Damke's allies eliminated Bhushan Vyavahare earlier this week even before former's last rites were completed. The incident underlined the cut-throat enmity that is ruling the equations among gangs in city. Damke supposedly belonged to Suryakant Kamble, alias Golu's gang. Golu is now away after being externed from city.If Damke and Vyavahare's murders indicated the extent of brutality, the spine-chilling killing of Manjit Singh Gulhar earlier this month at a hotel showed the capacity of a gang to plan and execute a crime that involved money, manpower, firearms, vehicles and also a decoy to trap the prey. The gang's mastermind was just a local goon with some past record but his act had all markings of organized underworld operation.While the existence of gangs and their splinter groups is known in pockets of city's underbelly, it is the venomous zeal among some of them in Ajni and Imambada that seems to be new. According to local crime intelligence reports, Girijya alias Virendra Lonare and his allies share a deep hatred with their arch rivals Chintalwars from Raj Kamal Chowk. Sumit Chintalwar and his uncle Nayan had last year eliminated Lonare's aide Ganesh Ghongre at Raj Kamal chowk.The Chintalwars were unnerved after Ghongre married sister of goon Anil Patil. After Ghongre's murder, Patil cemented his friendship with Girijya whose wife is a two-term corporator from south Nagpur. Police had slapped Patil with stringent Maharashtra Prevention of Dangerous Activities of Slumlords, Bootleggers, Drug Offenders and Dangerous Persons Act but he is now underground. It is learnt that murdered Damke belonged to Patil's gang. Anil's brother Pintu too was murdered.Recently, there were extortion charges against Tarachand Khillare and his close aide Girijya. Ghongre, murdered last year, was Khillare's nephew. Khillare and Ghongre had allegedly murdered Rajendra Sahare and Raju Kamble. Earlier, the same duo had eliminated Nikhil Kaitwas in 2008 outside Central jail. Kaitwas had come to meet his friend Sachin Wasnik who was in the jail for murder of Balya Dolas.Wasnik had vowed to avenge his friend Kaitwas's murder. After being released, Wasnik started plotting elimination of Khillare. He got support from murdered goon Rocky's nephews. Wasnik and Rocky's nephews had ganged up to ensure Khillare's main pillar of support Girijya and his aide John Guldeokar were eliminated. A massive gang war, like on the silver screens, had taken place at Wanjari Nagar. Police had reached just in time to stop the bloodshed. Several arms were also seized in the action.Local deputy of commissioner of police, Zone IV, Nishith Mishra had undertaken several measures and slapped preventive actions against a number of anti-social elements. Local sources claimed the city's booming real estate business has become the biggest source of sustenance for the gangs. Either independently or under the shelter of some builders lobby, a chunk of anti-social elements have been growing in both stature and wealth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12479444", "title": "Celluloid Chameleons", "text": "Losing and gaining weight, slipping on prosthetics, skin colour overhaul - some Holly makeovers are unforgettableREAL SLIM SHADY! CHRISTIAN BALE FOR \"THE MACHINIST\" Talk about weight gain for fitting a role, Christian Bale did just the opposite - losing about 60 pounds for the 2004 movie \"The Machinist\". The secret to his weight loss should come with a statutory warning! Christian survived on an apple and a cup of coffee a day! The actor had to look like he didn't sleep for a year. Seeing the movie, we can say that he did achieve this goal. Christian wanted to lose another 20 pounds but his producers stopped him. \"I was intrigued by a perverse nature of mine just to see I could push the limits,\" said Bale.HUE-DUNNIT! ROBERT DOWNEY JR FOR \"TROPIC THUNDER\" Iron Man got a chocolatey hue for his role as a Vietnam-era army sergeant in Ben Stiller's comedy \"Tropic Thunder\". In the movie, which is about a movie, Downey plays a white actor who undergoes surgery to play the role of a soldier. The problem arises when it's found that the role of the soldier is written for a black guy! Considering it's not easy to portray blaxploitation and that it doesn't always turn out good, Downey deserves the credits for this. \"I got to laugh my ass off (in this movie). I'll take that over rocket science any day,\" that's what he's said about the film.GENDER BENDER CATE BLANCHETT FOR \"I'M NOT THERE\" For Cate, it had never been too tough to disappear into roles. Be it Queen Elizabeth, Katherine Hepburn or Bob Dylan, for Cate, metamorphosing into characters as and when the role demanded, was as easy as pie. Polished and blonde, Cate looked unrecognizable in the Bob Dylan biopic \"I'm Not There\", playing the Tambourine Man himself. With an apt wig, shades and a leather jacket, Cate transformed herself 60s Dylan, the mandatory harmonica and cigarette close at hand. To replicate a man's gait, it's said that Cate had even stuffed a pair of socks down her pants!NOSE-IT-ALL NICOLE KIDMAN FOR \"THE HOURS\" Kidman slipped on a prosthetic nose to slip into the shoes of modernist writer and essayist Virgina Woolf. The side-swept back wavy hair and her brooding presence earned her a Best Actress Oscar in 2002. It's a different thing that the actor looked nothing like herself in the movie but that's what makeovers are all about, right? However, Kidman wasn't too sure about her nose job and this is what she had to say about it: \"Gosh, this could either look totally ridiculous, or it will really help me to get lost in the character.\"FACE-OFF? CHARLIZE THERON FOR \"MONSTER\" Not only did Charlize Theron gain an extra 30 pounds to play American serial killer Aileen Wournos, she scrubbed off her makeup and used fake teeth to look the part. Sure enough, Charlize won the Oscar for her performance in 2003. Apparently she endured a daylong session with her make-up artist thinning her hair down. She even partially shaved and bleached her eyebrows. No prosthetics were used except for her eyelids. \"I don't know how I could have played that part with this body. I knew I had to transform my body to get myself into her physical skin,\" said Charlize about her role.Text: Deblina Chakravorty", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12474461", "title": "Fetus found in garbage bin in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after a child's body was found at New Delhi Railway station, morning walkers in a central Delhi colony spotted a foetus inside a garbage can on Friday morning.Additional commissioner of police (central) Devesh Srivastav said the foetus had been sent for postmortem to ascertain its sex. There are a number of private clinics and small hospitals around Baljeet Nagar from where the incident has been reported and there have been instances earlier of foetuses being dumped in the area, sources said.This is the third such incident being reported from the area in the past two months.\"We have contacted the private nursing homes and will check all records. We plan to question the hospital staff on duty last night. We are also looking at the CCTV footage,\" said Srivastav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12476110", "title": "FIR against Golf Club secretary for fraud", "text": "LUCKNOW: Close on the heels of his controversial election to the post of Lucknow Golf Club's secretary, Devesh Rastogi finds himself being accused of swindling Rs 1.8 crore from the club's account. A member Raghvendra Singh lodged an FIR against him at the Gautam Palli police station on Thursday.Rastogi has been booked under the Sections 406 (criminal breach of trust), 419 (cheating by personation) and 420 (Cheating and dishonesty). However, when TOI contacted him, Rastogi declined to comment saying that he had not seen the FIR.Singh has alleged in his FIR that Rastogi transferred the club's money to his own bank accounts and used it for his personal business. He has given a detailed description of how Rastogi opened accounts in the name of the golf club and used them for his personal gains.According to the complaint, Rastogi opened a bank account in ICICI bank (A/c no. 628101074948) in the name of the club on February 20, 2007. Another account in the name of the Golf Club was opened in Corporation bank, Kaiserbagh branch in August 2007 but was closed in March 2010.Likewise, he opened an account in HDFC bank and Indian Mercantile Cooperative Bank also. At that time he used to sign as joint secretary of the club.Subsequently, Rastogi got a credit card issued from ICICI bank and used it for his own personal gains, the details of which were available at the bank, Singh said in his complaint. He also transferred money from club's account at ICICI bank to the accounts of his own companies - DJ Zone, Devlok distributors and Devlok Hatcheries.The complaints say that Rastogi, who is believed to wield considerable influence in the state bureaucracy, then withdrew Rs 1 crore and Rs 80 lakh in two installments from the ICICI bank and used them to promote his business. Not only this, he paid for his LIC policy on May 29, 2010 from the accounts of the club, Singh says in his complaint, adding that Devesh provided membership to around 500 people during his tenure as secretary of the club for which a membership fee running in lakhs was taken. However, no audit was done.Rastogi, when contacted, declined to comment saying that he has not seen the FIR. ``I can comment only after seeing the complaint against me,'' he said when TOI contacted him on Friday, more than 24 hours after the FIR was registered against his name. Legal experts claim that the person is told about the FIR within 24 hours and an inquiry officer is appointed to investigate the case. There were also reports that some senior bureaucrats, who are members of the club, are trying their best to save Rastogi.Devesh had ruffled the feathers of many club members after he got elected as secretary of the club on March 18.Having occupied the chair for two consecutive terms of two years, Rastogi had filed nomination for the third time in gross violation of the club bylaws that stipulate only two terms for a person. He had been elected as club's secretary in 2007 and in 2009. Devesh, however, has been arguing that the management committee constituted in 2009 was dismantled following litigation and so he was contesting for the second time only.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12475756", "title": "BEML chief bats for Tatra trucks' 'unmatched' quality", "text": "NEW DELHI: Dismissing Army chief General V K Singh's comments that the Tatra trucks were sub-standard as simply \"not true'', defence PSU Bharat Earth Movers Limited (BEML) chairman V R S Natarajan on Friday said previous chiefs like Gen J J Singh had given a thumbs-up to these all-terrain, all-weather heavy vehicles.Natarajan said the Army was diluting technical specifications and qualitative requirements for new trucks to open the door for other companies when the Tatra trucks, with \"flexible axles and air-cooled engines'', were unmatched in terms of their quality. He added that an 8x8 heavy-duty truck, with a fixed axle and a missile loaded on its back, of another company had ``sunk'' during a test in the Thar desert recently.\"We have supplied 7,000 Tatra vehicles to the Army (through a tie-up first with Czech firm Omnipol and then Tatra Sipox of the UK) in the last 26 years. For the last 10 years, I have been the chairman of the company and not a single complaint has come to us from the Army HQ or any of its directorates,'' he said, even as CBI filed a case to investigate the entire controversy.\"I only wish that buyers in Army work in the interest of the country. BEML is not dying for Tatra since we have several other areas of business. I feel very sad about the allegations. Tatra is the backbone of the Army,'' he added.Asked whether he had ever personally interacted with Gen Singh on this issue, Natarajan said he had gone to pay a courtesy call on the Army chief after he had taken over in 2010. ``He said the Tatra vehicles were good and we (Army) will support you,'' he said.Gen Singh has alleged he was offered a Rs 14-crore bribe by Lt-Gen Tejinder Singh (retd) to clear another purchase of around 600 \"sub-standard'' Tatra trucks. The BEML chief, on his part, claimed he had never met or seen Lt-Gen Tejinder Singh.Asked whether BEML was supplying trucks through a commission agent, which is prohibited by government, he said, \"You must understand that in Europe no manufacturer exports directly. They all have a marketing company who promotes their product. In this case, it's Tatra Sipox (UK),'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12476304", "title": "Chief minister's visit to boost development works in South Goa", "text": "MARGAO: The day-long visit to Margao by chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Thursday during which he also held deliberations with the South Goa legislators and PWD officials has served to bring about a sense of urgency among the MLAs' with regards to undertaking development works in their respective constituencies.Several MLAs from South Goa that TOI spoke to, sounded upbeat about pursuing the development proposals to their logical conclusion.Navelim MLA Avertano Furtado said that he drew the attention of the chief minister to the urgency of taking up the work of repairs and hotmixing of roads and drainage work before the onset of monsoons at Navelim. \"I have submitted my proposal to the chief minister, listing out the road works and drainage works that need to be undertaken, besides new transformers that need to be erected at various places in Navelim,\" Furtado said.As regards the Sinquetim bridge, Furtado said that he has left it to the chief minister to take a call on the fate of the bridge. \"The bridge was embroiled in controversy right from the beginning. There was no need of this bridge at all,\" Furtado said.Cuncolim MLA Subhash 'Rajan' Naik informed that though he has submitted proposals for road repairs and hotmixing at various places at Ambaulim, Balli and Quepem, he would earnestly focus on preparing a master plan for the constituency. \"I will form a village committee and take their inputs for preparing the master plan. There are various things that I have earmarked as my priority works. Chandor needs an overbridge at the railway crossing and I have discussed this issue with the chief minister in our pre-budget meeting. The newly-built community hall at Cuncolim needs some modifications to seating arrangements, the Cuncolim bus stand needs to be put to use in an efficient manner and Chandor needs a crematorium. I will focus on these things,\" Rajan said.Construction of a bridge over Carkem in Netravalim, estimated to cost 3cr, tops the list of proposals submitted by Sanguem MLA Subhash Phaldesai to the chief minister. \"There have been instances where people have drowned in this river. People have been making arrangements to cross over to the other side which are dangerous. In the absence of a bridge, people are forced to make a 7-8 km detour by road passing through forests to get to the other side. School students are subjected to hardships in the absence of the bridge to get to schools,\" Phaldesai said. Widening and improvement of the existing Cavrem-Cajur MDR (major district road) also ranks high among Phaldesai's proposals.Curchorem MLA NileshCabral informed that he has listed the work of improvement in water supply to areas of Ghanemorod, Soliem, and various other places in Curchorem, to be undertaken on a priority basis. \"I have submitted my proposal for widening of roads at various places. As regards other major works, I will pursue those issues with the chief minister in right earnest,\" Cabral said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12476210", "title": "Deny power for IPL matches: Public Interest Litigation", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court has directed the state government and the Tamil Nadu Electricity Board (TNEB) to consider a plea by a petitioner not to supply power to IPL matches held in Chennai as the state is reeling under an acute power shortage.In a PIL, advocate A Benito said that while the state was already reeling under acute power shortage, power supply to cricket matches for nights was not affordable by the state of Tamil Nadu even though the BCCI may be in a position to pay for consumption.He said students, industrialists, factories, production units, small scale and large scale industries were already affected by the power shortage whereas only a few thousands who turned out to watch a cricket match would benefit.Stating that the BCCI was the richest cricket board in the world, as its officials were mainly commercial in their approach and acted independent of government control, the petitioner said, the body should not be shown any consideration for power supply. The BCCI was capable of generating its own power by installing power generators for matches being conducted through IPL, he added.\"No electrical energy or power may be supplied by either of the governments for 10 IPL -V matches to be played from April 4 onwards in the state,\" the petitioner added.When the matter came up for hearing before the bench comprising Justices Chitra Venkataraman and R Karuppiah, the petitioner's counsel Peter Ramesh Kumar said that although the petitioner gave a representation to the authorities, till today it was not considered by them.Considering the submissions made in the writ petition, the judges disposed of it directing the authorities including the Power Grid Corporation of India, the state government and the TNEB to consider the representation and pass orders on or before April 4.In a PIL, advocate A Benito said that while the state was already reeling under acute power shortage, power supply to cricket matches for nights was not affordable by the state of Tamil Nadu even though the BCCI may be in a position to pay for consumption", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12476951", "title": "Nor\u2019wester strikes today?", "text": "KOLKATA: Finally, some good news from the Met department. After days of scorching heat, the city and several other places in south Bengal are set to the get the first Nor'wester of the season on Saturday evening or night.The thundershower is expected to bring both day and night temperatures down from Saturday. The maximum temperature on Friday soared as high as 38.5\u00b0C, four degrees above normal mark, while at 26.2\u00b0C, the minimum was two notches above normal. After the storm, the day temperature is expected to climb down by around three degrees while the night temperature is expected to hover around 26\u00b0C.The Met office has also predicted scattered rain or thunderstorm for all districts of south Bengal on Sunday evening or night. Thundershowers are also expected to hit adjoining areas in Orissa and Jharkhand, bringing temperatures down even further.So, from Sunday, the mercury is expected to slide further down. While the maximum temperature is likely to hover around the normal mark of 35\u00b0C, the minimum temperature is expected to fall below the normal mark to around 23\u00b0C.March-end and the beginning of April are the right time for Nor'westers, said Devendra Pradhan, deputy director general, Regional Meteorological Centre, Kolkata. These thunderstorms at regular intervals keep a tab on the rising mercury, bringing some much-needed respite from the sweltering conditions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "kumabakonam", "code": "12476286", "title": "Life convict, second wife attempt suicide", "text": "KUMABAKONAM: A life convict in a murder case who was on parole and his second wife attempted suicide by consuming poison as he was unwilling to return to prison at the end of the parole period on Thursday in Kumbakonam. Fortunately, both of them were saved by the timely treatment.D Navaneetham (28), a resident of Manappadaiyur, MGR Nagar, Thiruvalancholai in Thanjavur district and his second wife Usha Rani (26) consumed poison at their residence on Thursday morning. On seeing both of them unconscious, the neighbours admitted them to the government hospital in Kumbakonam. According to Swamimalai police, they were out of danger and their condition was stated to be stable from Friday morning. However, they were yet to be discharged from the hospital.The police said that Navaneetham was the prime accused in the killing of his first wife Muthulakshmi, then aged 21 years on June 13, 2005. A case was registered against him and eight of his accomplices by the Swamimalai police. After two years of court trial, he was awarded life imprisonment by the Thanjavur court on May 17, 2007 and was lodged at the Trichy central prison.In 2011, Navaneetham was released on parole. At that time, he got married to Usha Rani and returned to jail at the end of the parole. At this juncture, he once again came out on a six day parole from March 23 to 28. On Wednesday morning, Navaneetham signed the documents in Patteeswaram police station to return to jail in the evening the same day.But later, he did not want to leave his wife alone again. So, the couple decided to end their life by consuming poison and took the extreme step, the police said.Police are yet to file a case against the couple as they are still undergoing treatment.The police said Navaneetham was the prime accused in the killing of his first wife Muthulakshmi, then aged 21, on June 13, 2005. A case was registered against him and eight of his accomplices by the Swamimalai police", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12476944", "title": "Retd SC judge to head state HR panel", "text": "KOLKATA: Retired Supreme Court judge Asok Kumar Ganguly has been named the next chairman of the West Bengal Human Rights Commission. This is for the first time that the state human rights commission is getting a chairman, who has been ajudge of the apex court. Ganguly will replace Justice (retd) N C Sil, who was appointed the acting chairman on January 1, 2009.A selection committee formed as per the West Bengal Human Rights Act, as amended in 2006, on Thursday recommended Justice (retd) Ganguly's name to governor M K Narayanan for concurrence. While chief minister Mamata Banerjee is the chairman of the selection committee, assembly speaker Biman Banerjee and opposition leader Surjya Kanta Mishra are the panel's members. The name was finalized unanimously by the chairman and the members of the panel.Ganguly was on the Supreme Court bench that delivered four crucial 2G verdicts before he retired on February 3, 2012. He started practice in Calcutta high court in 1972. After being appointed as a permanent judge of Calcutta high court on 10 January, 1994, he was immediately transferred to Patna high court on April 4. Six years later, on August 1, 2000, he was transferred to Calcutta high court again. He became the chief justice of Madras High Court in May, 2008. Justice Ganguly was appointed as one of the judges in Supreme Court on December 17, 2008. He had been monitoring the 2G scam since 2010. But, with 18 years' experience, he never wanted people to judge him on account of just one case (2G).As per the 2006 amendment, the chairman of the rights panel should be a retired high court chief justice. But the state never appointed any Supreme Court judge as the body's chairman.Friday's meeting of the selection committee has significance because the last time when the panel had met, the then opposition leader Partha Chatterjee had skipped the meeting. He had done it earlier, as well, leading to a stalement and controversy. And Justice (retd) Sil was given an extension for the second term on October 2010.The commission's first chairman was Justice (retd) Chittatosh Mookerjee. The second chairman was Justice (retd) Mukul Gopal Mukherjee. After his death, Justice (retd) Shyamal Kumar Sen took over.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12476305", "title": "Sena yet to appoint city office-bearers", "text": "NASHIK: A month after its dissolution, the Nashik unit of the Shiv Sena is yet to be reconstituted. This situation is expected to continue until the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) holds its standing committee elections. Sena leaders are likely to meet next week to discuss the issue.\"The decision regarding the appointment of the party's city and district working committee is expected to be taken after the NMC's standing committee elections. A meeting of leaders to discuss the issue is likely to take place within a week at Matoshri, (the party head quarters), in Mumbai. Senior local office-bearers are expected to attend the meet,\" a senior Sena official told TOI.When asked about frontrunners for the posts of the party's city and district presidents, the source said that Uddhav Thackeray, the party's executive president, would make the final decision. \"Presently, there is a gloomy mood within party circles. Many office-bearers have refused to work in the working committees. The final decision will be taken byour party's executive president, Uddhav Thackeray,\" the source added.The Shiv Sena-BJP alliance, which had enjoyed power in the NMC for a decade, received a major setback in the Nashik civic polls. Both parties had contested the NMC elections separately. The Sena, which had won 26 seats in 2007, won 19 seats in this year's election, while the BJP retained 14 seats.The Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS), which had won only 12 seats during 2007 elections, emerged as the single largest party in the 2012 elections, bagging 40 seats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12474703", "title": "Power tariff up, govt to get Rs 4,442cr more", "text": "HYDERABAD: Be ready to pay more for your electricity. In an unprecedented power tariff hike slapped on unsuspecting consumers in the state, the AP Electricity Regulatory Commission (ERC) on Friday cleared the proposal submitted by the various Power Discoms that will levy an additional Rs 4,442 crore burden on the 2.2 crore consumers across the state. The new tariff will come into effect on April 1 and will be reflected in your electricity bills of May.Of the Rs 4,442 crore, the domestic consumers will be burdened about Rs 900 crore and the industrial and commercial consumers another Rs 3,300 crore. Apart from this, all consumers will be levied a new Customer Charge ranging from Rs 25 to Rs 2,000 per month to raise another Rs 300 crore. The new levy will hit the domestic consumer in the range of Rs 25 to Rs 45 per month.While domestic consumers have to bear an increase of 55 paise to Re 1 per unit, commercial consumers, including malls and other establishments, will have to cough up Rs 2 per unit. Industrial consumers will have to pay 50 paise to Rs 1.50 more on every unit.Yet another shock for the domestic consumer is that the new power tariff would be load-based: higher the load, higher your bill. In all, the additional burden on the domestic consumers will be about 18% of his current bill. For example, if a consumer is paying Rs 305 for consuming 100 units per month, his bill from April will shoot up to Rs 395 per month.However, the proposal to bring back the telescopic billing system was rejected by the ERC, much to the relief of the consumers. Had it been cleared by the ERC, the domestic consumers would have ended up paying double of what is in store for them now.Also, for the first time, additional Time of the Day tariff has been introduced for industries and airport. Thus airports and industries will have to pay an additional Re 1 per unit that they consume between 6pm and 10pm. Apart from this, advertising hoardings will have to cough up a total of Rs 9 per unit and this will be applicable to hoardings in malls and complexes.In another first, the ERC also said that the Fuel Surcharge Adjustment (FSA) would be applicable to all categories as notified by the Commission from time to time as per the regulations, indicating that the agriculture sector too can come under this purview.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12477099", "title": "Series of problems cast shadow over once-prestigious university", "text": "MUMBAI: Once known as a centre of higher learning and research, the prestigious Mumbai University is witnessing a steady deterioration at all levels, owing to poor administration , goof-ups in examinations, inordinate delay in declaration of results and alleged leak of question papers.In 1983, when it was found that the marks of the chief minister's daughter were altered to ensure she passed, prominent teachers and social workers lodged a strong protest against the university. The Congress was quick to sack the then chief minister. While the next decade-and-a-half was incident-free , in 1998, the MBBS scam rocked Mumbai university. It was found the university changed the rules for grace marks, enabling some students who had failed to secure honours and even a gold medal. Following stringent criticism, then governor P C Alexander reversed the decision on grace marks. In 2000 and 2004, when Bhalchandra Munagekar was the vice-chancellor , two papers were leaked. Munagekar, now a nominated member of the Rajya Sabha, declined to comment due to ill-health.Minister for higher and technical education, Rajesh Tope, said, \"No doubt, the university committed certain mistakes, but I also feel the Shiv Sena is trying to politicise the episode. We will initiate measures to restore the image of the university, but will not allow the Sena to control the university.'' After meeting vice-chancellor Rajan Welukar and some senate members, Tope said, \"I have been told there was no paper leak and that responsibility for goof-up of hall tickets has been fixed. Now our emphasis will be on preventive measures.''Tope said he has asked V-Cs of all universities to secure 'end-to-end solution for examinations' , a software developed by a Karnataka-based firm. \"I have been told many universities are using this software, which puts the entire system online and will reduce the cost,'' he said. On the demand for Welukar's removal, he said, \"The demand was made in both houses of the legislature, but as V-Cs are appointed by the governor, I can't comment.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12478647", "title": "Govt to oppose Vodafone's move to invoke deal", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government is likely to oppose any move by Vodafone Plc to invoke the India-Netherlands Bilateral Investment Promotion and Protection Agreement (BIPA) if it is forced to cough up Rs 12,000 crore in taxes on the grounds that the investment was routed through several step down firms based in different countries and that the treaty does not cover tax disputes.\"Investments into India have been routed through a Mauritius-based company and the share transfer took place through a Cayman-based company. Vodafone itself is based in UK,\" said a government official.The acquisition of Hutchison's stake in Hutchison Essar by Vodafone for $11.2 billion in 2002, which has triggered the Rs 12,000 crore tax case, was executed through a Dutch subsidiary, Vodafone International Holdings BV, and the revenue department had sent its tax demand to this company. Moreover, the official said India-Netherlands BIPA clearly states that the agreement does not cover tax disputes and its sole purpose was to promote and protect the interests of investors of either country in the territory of other country.\"..The provisions of paragraphs 1 and 2 in respect of the grant of national treatment and most favoured nation treatment shall also not apply in respect of any international agreement or arrangement relating wholly or mainly to taxation or any domestic legislation or arrangements,'' says paragraph 4 of the treaty. The government's official stand is that it will take a decision on the issue only if Vodafone brings a formal claim. \"We will see what we need to do when when we receive something formally,\" said economic affairs secretary R Gopalan.In his recent budget speech, finance minister Pranab Mukherjee said the government would amend the income tax law to make all indirect transfers involving underlying assets in the country liable to tax with retrospective effect. This arms the government with the power to tax Vodafone transaction, even after the Supreme Court ruled in its favour and quashed the revenue department's tax demand.Vodafone has said that the proposed changes in the Indian taxation laws are grossly unjust and that it was 'urgently considering a number of courses of action both in India and internationally.' While the company says it is not yet in a position to comment on the details of the course of action, a person familiar with the situation said Vodafone could bring a counter-claim against the government by invoking the bilateral investment treaty between India and Netherlands which came into effect in 1996.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "12476012", "title": "Punjab minister sent to jail for daughter's abduction", "text": "PATIALA: Punjab minister Bibi Jagir Kaur was sent to jail on Friday for forcible abortion, abduction and illegal confinement of her daughter, embarrassing the Parkash Singh Badal government, which has been riding high on the recent win in the Assembly polls. The special CBI court, which sentenced her to five years rigorous imprisonment, however, acquitted her of murdering her daughter in April 2000 for marrying outside the community.Jagir Kaur (57), who is also the former president of the Shiromani Gurdwara Prabandhak Committee (SGPC), was facing charges of killing her daughter Harpreet Kaur after she secretly married Kamaljit Singh, a clean-shaven Sikh considered an unsuitable match for the woman from a religious family. The death was dubbed mysterious by cops and the body cremated a day later without post-mortem or inquest.Kamaljit Singh had moved Punjab and Haryana High Court, alleging that Harpreet was murdered following which the court ordered a CBI probe. \"I am happy that she would go to the prison. But I am sad too that she was absolved of murder charges. Rosy (Harpreet) was killed and someone murdered her,\" he said.Jagir Kaur, who had won the Bholath seat as a SAD candidate, was inducted into the Badal Cabinet as rural water supply and sanitation minister. She resigned from the Cabinet soon after the verdict.While Badal refused to speak to the media, his principal secretary Gagandeep Brar told TOI: \"We respect the judgment. We are yet to examine the copy of judgment and quantum of punishment and we will then explore all legal options.\"\"The mere reason Jagir Kaur's mentor Parkash Singh Badal and SAD promoted her was to win the followers of Akal Takth during the elections,\" said leader of the Opposition in the Punjab Assembly Sunil Jakhar.The atmosphere in Patiala - which has remained tense for the last week over the issue of clemency for Beant Singh's assassin Balwant Singh Rajoana, who is also lodged in the Patiala Central Jail - turned volatile on Friday as supporters of Jagir Kaur gathered near the CBI court to protest the sentence. A huge contingent of policemen tried to pacify the crowd throughout the day.After the judgment came at 3.45pm, she was whisked away in an Innova to the Patiala Central Jail. DSP (jail) Rajan Kapoor told TOI that she was later shifted to Kapurthala Central Jail.Jagir Kaur was convicted under Sections 120B (criminal conspiracy), 365 (kidnapping or abducting with intent secretly and wrongfully to confine person), 313 (causing miscarriage without a woman's consent) and 344 (wrongful confinement) of the IPC. She was fined Rs 5,000 on her, while acquitting her from the charges under Section 302 (murder).Other accused in the case -- Paramjit Singh, Dalwinder Kaur Dhesi and Nishan Singh -- were held guilty by the CBI court under Sections 365 and 344. Dalwinder and Paramjit, were also convicted under Section 313.Timeline: Jagir Kaur caseApril 20, 2000: Harpreet Kaur found dead under mysterious circumstancesApril 21, 2000: Family hurriedly cremates her body in Begowal village in Kapurthala at the ancestral house of Bibi Jagir KaurApril 27, 2000: Kamaljit Singh, the main complainant, moves Punjab and Haryana HC seeking CBI inquiry into the deathJune 9, 2000: HC directs CBI to conduct an inquiry into the matterOctober 3, 2000: CBI registers FIR against Bibi Jagir Kaur and six othersOctober 4, 5, 2000: CBI arrests Dalwinder Kaur Dhesi and Paramjit Singh Raipur on charges of forcing Harpreet to have an abortionJanuary 31, 2001: CBI files chargesheet in the courtFebruary 25, 2010: Kamaljit turns hostileMarch 21, 2011: Kamaljit again backtracks from his early statementMarch 30, 2012: Jagir Kaur sentenced five-year RI for criminal conspiracy, illegal confinement, forced abortion", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12479852", "title": "Rajamouli misses Charan and Mahesh", "text": "The much awaited \"Eega\" audio launch saw a whole lot of stars in attendance.But filmmaker Rajamouli's wish of getting the biggest stars on stage could not be realized. \"A big big thanks for everyone who made the audio function a grand success, (sic)\" posted the director on his micro blogging page.\"Charan in Pollachi and Bunny in Vizag missed the function. It wud hav been gr8 to hav them too.. But the man I missed most is Vinayak Garu, (sic),\" said the ace filmmaker. Superstar Mahesh Babu too was supposed to attend the function, but gave it a miss. \"Mahesh is out of town on a holiday. Wanted all the heroes on this stage Wud have been awesome..:),\" said Rajamouli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12482731", "title": "Shruti Haasan and Dhanush dazzle at 3 premiere!", "text": "The actress and the Kolaveri di star wowed guests with their outfits as well as their performancesEver since Kolaveri di became a massive hit, audiences in Tamil Nadu and across India have been waiting for the release of the film 3. The team decided to have a premiere for the movie, directed by Dhanush's wife Aishwaryaa Rajinikanth , on the day of its release. Kamla Haasan's daughter Shruti wowed everyone with her Shantanu-Nikil outfit gold and red. And with the dress being backless she set the evening on fire!Dhanush for his part looked dapper in a suit and smart shoes and was all smiles through the evening. His wife Aishwaryaa and the team joined in a while later and mingled with the crowd happily celebrating their success. But when it came to photo-taking time, it was tough for the photographers to get them to pose together. And meanwhile a guest commented that there seemed to be cold vibes between Shruti and Aishwaryaa. We wonder what's brewing...", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12478515", "title": "Saif, Kareena to tie the knot next year!", "text": "With Agent Vinod out and Kareena's films scheduled to wrap up by December, the couple prepare to wed in the last week of JanThe most eagerly awaited Bollywood event in recent times has surely been the big Pataudi-Kapoor wedding. The question had never been 'will they or won't they' but rather 'When will Kareena Kapoor and Saif Ali Khan tie the knot?' And though both the actors have remained tight lipped, speculations have refused to die down.While many predicted a 2012 wedding, soon after the release of Agent Vinod, Mumbai Mirror has learnt that the couple will finally get married early next year.A source close to the couple told Mirror, \"Saif and Kareena have decided to tie the knot early next year. It would either be January 2013 or early February. The venue and the functions are to be finalised.\"In fact, the couple has decided to hold the wedding as soon as they finish shooting for their current projects. Kareena, who starts work on Sanjay Leela Bhansali's film with Ranveer Singh on July 21, will get free by the end of this year. The details of the grand shaadi will be worked out then.Earlier this year, Saif had said, \"Marriage is a question that I won't answer until I am done with the release of Agent Vinod.\" It seems, he is still not in the mood to talk. He chose not to revert when asked. Kareena too was evasive. Guess a big announcement is on its way...", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "12474362", "title": "Wardha jewellers intensify stir", "text": "WARDHA: The jewellers of Wardha who are on a warpath against central government for imposing excise duty on jewellery, gave new angle to their strike by selling vegetables and polishing shoes on the streets. The strike entered the 14th day today. Judging by the attitude of the jewellers, it appears to be a long drawn battle.Spokesperson of Wardha Sarafa Association Sanjay Dhomane said, \"We are protesting for last 14 days against the change in policy of the government towards the jewellers. But it seems the government is least concerned about us. Now time has come to leave this business.\"On Friday, some jewellers protested by selling vegetables while some became polishwallahs in the Sarafa lane.Rahul Karande, owner of a jewellery shop, said, \"The 2% increase in custom duty might have been acceptable but new rule of excise is simply not. Government makes policy as per its convenience but It becomes a burden for us. Hence, I decided to start a boot polish shop. I may live happily with it rather in my old business.\"Ramesh Karande, another jeweller, said, \"All the changes are not feasible. Through the excise duty, the government has give a new work to us - that is of tax collection from the customer, which is not possible. We cannot convince the customer. Hence, this agitation will continue till our demands are fulfilled.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12475176", "title": "Mumbai woman claims 7-month-old girl", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A woman from Mumbai has claimed to be mother of a seven-month-old girl child found from Janmabhoomi Express and has started off for Ahmedabad. Government Railway Police (GRP) will verify the claim before handing over the girl.The girl, named Bhoomi as she was found at Kankaria railway yard from S-1 coach of Janmabhoomi express running between Udhampur-Ahmedabad, has been kept at an orphanage.The orphanage authorities told media on Friday that they had received a call from a woman named Zahida, a resident of Mumbra in Mumbai, who claimed that the girl found is her daughter. \"As per her call, her husband Yasin, a Western Railway engine driver, had left home before two months with their daughter after quarrels. Since then, neither Yasin nor their daughter were traced. She had also lodged a complaint with Mumbai police earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12476195", "title": "After 9 years, Tamil Nadu hikes power tariff", "text": "CHENNAI: Nine years after the state hiked power charges in 2003, only to roll them back 15 months later, the Tamil Nadu Electricity Regulatory Commission on Friday gave the go-ahead for a 37% hike in power tariff across all segments, effective from April 1.The tariff hike is expected to help the TNEB, which is in the red, break even by mopping up additional revenue of 7,874 crore in 2012-13. Even as the commission announced the hike, good tidings wafted in for the TNEB on the energy generation front too. For the first time in more than two months, its generation crossed 9,000MW on Friday, powered by an additional 1,644MW from wind power.The cost of electricity has been increased from 65 paise per unit to Rs 1.10 for domestic consumers who use up to 100 units. The hike is highest - from 1.8 to 5.75 per unit - for domestic connections that use more than 500 units every two months.The commission has abolished the concept of minimum monthly charges and introduced a monthly fixed charge, ranging from 10 to 20 for domestic connections.Despite the hike, rates in Tamil Nadu are the second lowest after Gujarat . While most states revise charges annually, successive governments refused to do the same and pushed TNEB into a debt trap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12476938", "title": "Basudeb Banerjee may be next home secretary", "text": "KOLKATA: Commerce and industries secretary Basudeb Banerjee is likely to be the state's next home secretary. He is likely to replace G D Gautama, who may become a member of the state information commission. He will be an information commissioner along with K John Koshy with Sujit Sarkar the chief information commissioner.Banerjee, a 1983-batch IAS officer, is also working as the IT secretary.Gautama, a 1977-batch IAS officer, was to retire on September 30. Chief secretary Samar Ghosh, whose tenure has been extended by six months, also retires around the same time. This would have meant two top posts falling vacant at the same time.This is the reason why the government is planning the reshuffle, said sources.Banerjee's transfer order is likely to be issued in a week as the recommendations of the assembly committee reached governor M K Narayanan on Friday. The governor's assent is a must for appointment of an information commissioner.However, the Mamata Banerjee government would be setting a precedence by choosing a principal secretary for the post of home secretary. In the later part of the Left Front regime, the home secretary has always been selected from among the additional chief secretaries since he had to interact with IPS officers, including the director general of police. Banerjee has the rank of principal secretary and is junior to about 11 additional chief secretaries in the government.A senior official said, \"Usually the home secretary is promoted as the chief secretary. But in this case, a new chief secretary will be chosen after Ghosh retires. That will be in keeping with the norms because Banerjee is in the 1983 batch and could hardly give out orders to a host of officers senior to him and about 10 others who are his peers.\"Even as the CM's equation with the home secretary was cordial, Gautama ran into a controversy when he reacted to a query on the Magrahat firing on November 30. The CM had insisted that Writers' had no clue to the firing that was a result of an effort to book power thieves. But the home secretary revealed that the state secretariat did have information on it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12476213", "title": "Naveen Patnaik invites Maoist outfit for talks", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: With the state government's talks with two extremist-named mediators on the release of Italian Bosusco Paolo not yielding any result, chief minister Naveen Patnaik on Friday invited a frontal outfit of Maoists to the discussion table for freeing abducted Laxmipur legislator Jhina Hikaka.\"The demands made by the abductors of the MLA of Laxmipur, Jhina Hikaka, have come out in the media. As these demands seem to relate to the Chasi Muliya Adivasi Sangha (CMAS), the state government is open to dialogue with the members of this sangha,\" Naveen told the Assembly. \"We invite the sangha to nominate their representatives for talks,\" he added.Ever since Maoists abducted Paolo on March 14 from the Kandhamal-Ganjam border and Hikaka on March 23 from Koraput, the CM has been appealing to the abductors to free the two. On March 25 the rebels let go of Claudio Colangelo, another Italian they took hostage alongside Paolo, through a group of mediapersons.The Sabyasachi Panda-led Odisha State Organising Committee of CPI (Maoist), which has Paolo in its custody, had named B D Sharma and Dandapani Mohanty as mediators. Both are engaged in discussions with the government since March 22. On Thursday, they had threatened to pull out of the talks unless the government fulfilled at least three demands of the Maoists - withdrawal of cases and freeing of 30 people, including Maoist Ashutosh Soren and Panda's wife Subhashree; expeditious disposal of cases against tribals of various districts jailed in the name of Maoists; assurance for action against officers held guilty by HC in the Lalit Dehuri, Pradip Majhi, Junesh Badaraita and Katru Huika custodial death cases.\"Our government has seen the recent demands of the two negotiators nominated by the CPI (Maoist) in the matter of the abduction of the Italian national. Since these demands involve further examination, a little more time is required by the state,\" Naveen said.Following the CM's statement, the mediators said they were willing to continue their talks with the government. Mohanty, an advisor to the CMAS, refused to comment on whom the sangha would nominate as interlocutors for freeing Hikaka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12481912", "title": "Colonial Cousins to perform at IPL opening", "text": "The eagerly-awaited IPL 2012 is now just a few days away, and its star lineup of performances for the opening ceremony, being held in Chennai on 3rd April, is sure to take the country by storm.Kareena Kapoor , Priyanka Chopra , Amitabh Bachchan , Salman Khan and international pop star Katy Perry are to perform at the event.The highlight of the opening ceremony will also be a live act by the internationally acclaimed Colonial Cousins, singer-composer duo Lesle Lewis and Hariharan, who will be performing a new single from their yet to be released album - Colonial Cousins Once More. In their distinctive style, they will be a part of the flag off to the upcoming IPL season in a league of their own.Lesle Lewis says \"We are very excited to be a part of this opening extravaganza and hope the audiences love the song just as much as we will enjoy performing it. It will give us an opportunity to connect with audiences across the country all at one time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12476488", "title": "Held guilty of murder, 4 convicts escape", "text": "BANGALORE: Four murder accused out on bail were pronounced guilty in a city court on Friday but promptly escaped from the City Civil Court complex seconds after the verdict was read out on Friday.Five other co-accused , who remained in the court hall, were arrested and sent to Parapana Agrahara Central Jail. Police launched a hunt for the four fugitives.In the morning, the nine men appeared in the 17th fast-track court. They had been arrested for murdering businessman JPZ Hussain in JK Pura of Wilson Garden on February 22, 2006.All nine men managed to obtain bail during the pendency of the trial. The case had been posted for orders on Friday.The judge pronounced all nine guilty and within seconds , four of them ran out of the court. Mujju, Sadiq, Appu and Ansar escaped. Abdul Kareem, Abdul Raheem, Rafeek, Rizwan and Tipu were the five sent to jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12476465", "title": "Foreigners banned from tribal Rayagada", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: With one Italian and an MLA still in Maoist captivity, the state government has imposed a complete ban on entry of all foreign tourists to tribal-dominated Rayagada district. Similar restrictions are being contemplated for other districts too, official sources said here.Rayagada collector Nitin Bhanudas Jawale said in a communication to all tour operators that the administration had no choice but to take such a decision to impose 'restriction on the movement of foreign nationals and tourists' in the district in view of their safety.\"In the light of the recent unfortunate events of abduction of foreign nationals in our state and after having taken all the factors relating to the security of foreign nationals into consideration, the district administration consciously decides to stop all movement of foreign nationals in the district, particularly the PVTG areas for an indefinite period of time,\" the collector's letter said. \"The administration would reassess the security situation and take a call on this issue of regulating the movement of foreign nationals and tourists in the district either way. Till that time no permission will be issued to foreign nationals and tourists to visit any part of the district,\" he added.Expressing helplessness in the wake of recent incidents prompting the restriction, the collector said, \"We sincerely regret the inconvenience caused to anyone by this decision and assure to take a prudent decision as early as possible in this matter, so that the tourists can continue to explore the rich natural and cultural diversity of this district.\"Koraput district collector Sachin Jadhav said the administration is keeping a close watch on the situation. \"We are assessing the situation and would take appropriate action,\" he said.Rayagada district for all practical purposes has been functioning as the entry point of all foreign tourists embarking on exploration of tribal culture in the state. After a brief halt in Rayagada, tour operators used to take tourists to places like Chatikona (Koraput district) and Onkadelli (Malkangiri district) where tribals, especially the 'particularly vulnerable tribal groups' (PVTG) like the Bondas visit the weekly markets. The state government had recently issued a revised guideline listing out dos and don'ts for tourists visiting these areas in the backdrop of the human safari controversy surrounding primitive tribals.The issue of tribal tourism hogged headlines again in the recent abductions with the demand to ban tourism in tribal areas topping the 13-point demand list of the Maoists as condition to release the hostages.Meanwhile, enquiries revealed all tour operators, both in Odisha and outside, have cancelled package tours to tribal areas in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12475795", "title": "SC issues notice to UP minister in ayurveda scam", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday issued notice to panchayati raj minister in Akhilesh Singh Yadav's council of ministers in Uttar Pradesh on a CBI petition, challenging an Allahabad High Court decision to quash the 1993 multi-crore ayurveda scam case against him, when he was the state health minister.A bench comprising Justices H L Dattu and C K Prasad issued notices to the minister, Balram Yadav, and the UP government after additional solicitor general Vivek Tankha argued that the HC erred in quashing the case against the minister merely because the co-accused was let off due to lack of sanction for prosecution.The CBI had registered a case in the ayurveda scam on the orders of the HC in July, 1996. On February 25, 1997, it had filed chargesheet against seven people, including the then minister for health and medical education Balram Yadav and medical education secretary R K Sharma under the Prevention of Corruption Act and various charges like cheating under IPC.The HC single-judge bench in its July 13, 2011, order had said: \"I arrive at the conclusion that once the proceedings of the court below of co-accused have been quashed, there is no reason to adopt different criteria for the petitioner, and therefore, I hereby quash the proceedings against Yadav.\"The CBI in its appeal said the central government in November, 1997, had refused to grant sanction for prosecution of IAS officer R K Sharma leading to quashing of the case against him. \"But, in the case of Balram Yadav, then health minister of UP, sanction under section 19 of the PC Act for prosecution was not required by the CBI as at the relevant time of filing the charge sheet and cognizance thereof, he had ceased to be a public servant,\" it said.In case of Yadav, the state government in February, 1997, had refused to grant sanction for prosecution. But immediately after Mayawati government came to power in March, 1997, the CBI moved fresh application seeking sanction for his prosecution. The state had granted sanction for Yadav's prosecution on May 29, 1997.When this was challenged by Yadav, the trial court summoned the records wanting to know on what grounds the order for refusal of sanction was reviewed. But the state had claimed privilege over the records and refused to part with them. It was challenged before the HC that had quashed the proceedings against him.The agency in its chargesheet had said: \"Investigation revealed that a sum of more than Rs 30 crore approximately were withdrawn from the concerned treasuries at the strength of bogus allotment orders issued by Dr Shivraj Singh, the then director ayurveda and unani services, with the result the UP government was put to suffer a pecuniary loss of more than Rs 26 crore.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12476460", "title": "FACT, local industries ink drinking water pact", "text": "KOCHI: A tripartite agreement has been signed between FACT, Eloor municipality and Kerala Water Authority to augment the supply of drinking water in Eloor municipal area, which has been reeling under acute shortage of potable water.K V Sukumaran, general manager, FACT, Vinu C Kunjappan, secretary, Eloor municipality, and Varghese Samuel, executive engineer, KWA, signed the agreement at a function held at FACT Udyogamandal House.The cost for this will be divided into seven equal parts, of which FACT will bear two parts and the remaining five will be equally shared by HIL, IRE, Merchem, BSES and Hindalco. Supply of this additional quantity will commence on April 1. Supply of 10 lakh litres of drinking water a day is in addition to 16 lakh litres of drinking water which FACT has been supplying to 3,000 families of Eloor municipality since 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12476406", "title": "Sustainable power solutions need of the hour", "text": "KOCHI: Power cuts are back to haunt the citizen again as mercury soars this summer. The respite is that the 30 minute load shedding, which got the cabinet nod on Wednesday, will be in the evening.The state faces a daily power shortage of around 400 MW.Instead of short-term solutions, power shortage requires a sustainable solution, said Ernakulam District Residents'Associations'Apex council president Rangadasa Prabhu.\"Residents will be inconvenienced by this power cut schedule. I had approached various KSEB officials to initiate an energy conservation mission. I haven't got any reply till date. It's obvious that KSEB is struggling to fulfill rising demands. In the absence of alternative energy arrangement, energy conservation is imperative,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12475915", "title": "Mhada invites bids for new consultant", "text": "MUMBAI: Two months after the state government cleared new development control regulations to the Rs 15,000-crore Dharavi redevelopment project, the Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority (Mhada) on Friday invited national bids for the appointment of a new project management consultant for sector 5.Plans to redevelop Asia's biggest slum area had came to a standstill almost three years ago after bidders backed off due to the global economic recession.The new consultant will rework the plan. The first consultant, Mukesh Mehta, who drew up the entire design of the 535-acre plot that is split into five sectors, is in arbitration proceedings with the state government and has contested his probable ouster. The government is shying away from a formal decision despite Mhada's request to replace Mehta as a consultant for Sector 5, which was allotted to Mhada to develop on a pilot basis in 2011.Officials said the Dharavi tender process had begun, but the advertisement for appointment of contractors would be issued after a new consultant is appointed. Mhada had to retract in January an advertisement for a contractor as it violated the poll code of conduct.\"Tackling issues of land ownership, designs and arriving at a financial model are time-consuming processes,\" said a government official, confirming that the complete tender for contractors for sector 5 could be invited later.In sector 5, Mhada has to resettle and rehabilitate nearly 69,000 families and it expects to earn Rs 8,000 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12474800", "title": "Big food brands hide harmful effects, claims Delhi-based NGO Centre for Science and Environment", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi-based NGO, Centre for Science and Environment, has alleged that leading food manufacturers are guilty of \"large scale misbranding and misinformation\" by claiming that their food contained zero trans-fats even though tests showed that they have heavy doses of it.Most popular \"junk foods contain very high levels of trans-fats, salts and sugar - which inevitably lead to severe ill health and diseases like obesity and diabetes ,\" the CSE said on Friday. It released the results of laboratory tests carried out on 16 major food brands that the young particularly like, such as Maggi and Top Ramen noodles, MacDonald's foods, KFC's fried chicken and Haldiram's Aloo Bhujia. These findings were disputed by the manufacturers.Trans-fats clog arteries when they get deposited on the walls of the arteries making the passage narrower, while large amounts of salt leads to increase in blood pressure making the heart work overtime. CSE noted that the kind of food under test has enough trans-fats, salt and sugar to lead to an early onset of diseases in the young. It accused the companies of not disclosing the real contents of their products.CSE's lab tested samples of popular foods such as potato chips, snacks like aloo bhujia, noodles, soft drinks, burgers, French fries and fried chicken. Their results showed that having just one serving of these foods \"completely overturned one's daily diet chart.\" The National Institute of Nutrition (NIN) and the World Health Organization (WHO) prescribe benchmarks of how much salt, sugar, carbohydrates and fats every individual can have on a daily basis to stay healthy.Citing an example, CSE said, \"The NIN benchmark for maximum salt for one person is 6 gram, while the WHO puts it at 5 gram. The normal 80-gram packet of Maggi noodles that many of us gobble up almost on a daily basis has over 3.5 gram of salt - enough to take care of over 60 per cent of our daily salt intake.\"But much more than salt the real concern was the threat from the trans-fats which were disclosed by the companies, CSE noted. The WHO says that in a balanced diet, a maximum of 1 per cent of total energy should come from trans fats. Therefore, an adult male can have 2.6 gram of trans fats per day, while an adult female can have 2.1 gram and a child (10-12 years) can have 2.3 gram.But CSE found that Top Ramen Super Noodles (Masala) which claims to have no trans-fats actually contains 0.7 gram of it per 100 gram. Similarly, Haldiram's Aloo Bhujia says it has no trans fats, but the study found 2.5 gram per 100 gram. PepsiCo's Lays (Snack Smart) was sold till February 2012 through huge advertisements to say that these chips are healthy because they have zero trans fats, but every 100 grams of it has 3.7 grams of trans fats.The companies strongly refuted the allegations in the CSE report. Pepsico said, \"All products manufactured by PepsiCo in India are fully compliant with all the regulations, including those on labelling, prescribed by the FSSAI (Food Safety and Standards Authority of India).\" It said that its products under the Lays, Uncle Chips, Kurkure and Cheetos brands are trans-fat free.Nestle in its response said, \"We respect the work being done by organizations like CSE to improve consumers' understanding of healthy and balanced diets. Maggi is intended as a light meal and can safely be consumed as part of diversified balanced diet.\" McDonald's said, \"In India we take a lot of effort to ensure our food is safe for our customers and have stringent quality processes at every stage. At McDonald's stores we use RBD Palmolein oil which is naturally trans-fat free.\"CSE's contention is otherwise. Its report says, \"A child eating one MacDonald's Happy Meals finishes up 90% of all his daily requirement of trans fats. The packet of Happy Meal makes absolutely no mention of this massive dosage of trans fats.\" As per FSSAI rules, a product can claim to be trans fats free if it contains less than 0.2 gm of trans fats per serving but CSE found several brands flouting the norm and yet calling themselves trans fat free.CSE's director general Sunita Narain said, \"What makes junk food so unhealthy are the high levels of salt, sugar, fats and carbohydrates in them. Our new study, which looks at the nutritional value of these foods, is to make people aware of what these foods really contain and what they will do to our health.\"CSE report saysMaggi Noodles |Single pack contains 3.5g of salt; daily recommended intake is 6g. Negligible fibres ; 70% just carbohydratesTop Ramen Super Noodles (Masala) |0.7g trans fats/100g though company claims zero trans fatsPepsiCo's Lays (Snack Smart) |3.7g trans fats/ 100g. Earlier sold as zero trans fats chips but claim knocked off laterKFC's Chicken Zinger |16.9% fats; McAloo | 8.3% fats. 35% calories in veg burger come from fats; 47% in non-vegWHO says an adult male can have 2.6g of trans fats a day, female 2.1g and a child 2.3gCOMPANIES RESPONDAs per our analysis for many years, trans fats level is well within international recommendation-NestleWe go to a lot of effort to ensure our food is safe for customers and have stringent quality checks- McDonald's", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12477226", "title": "Going from examination tension to online admission stress", "text": "MUMBAI: For a majority of Class X students across all boards, be they the state board or national ones like ICSE and CBSE, one of the most important examinations are over. But instead of enjoying a wellearned break, students are stressing over the lengthy online admission process to junior college. The state government's track record of introducing policies favouring SSC students over those from other boards is also adding to anxiety levels among parents and students . This is reflected in the unusually high number of calls state board helplines are fielding. The board lines were set up to help students during exams season, but instead personnel are counselling children about junior college admissions. Many students who have planned their holidays out of town are worried that they'll miss out on important dates.\"In previous years, we would get calls from HSC students asking about CET and CAT exams. This year, even before exams started there were some calls to inquire about junior college admissions,\" said an official from the state board helpline. Questions have been pouring in from students from other boards too. \"Last week, a CBSE student visited our office to inquire about the requirements and procedure for the online junior college admission . We helped him with as much information that we could,\" said Balasaheb H, one of the counsellors manning the helpline.Educationists believe that the series of goof-ups in the online admission process and skewed government policies that were introduced at the last minute have taken a toll. The process was nerve-racking for colleges, schools and students.\"For at least two consecutive years, the education department left a mess after online admissions ended. Officials asked colleges to finish the process offline . I had over 1,000 harried students on my campus for more than two days, all struggling to find seats,\" said Kavita Rege, principal of Sathaye College, Vile Parle.Officials from the deputy director's office (school), h oweve r, have assured students that there will be no delays this year. \"We have already sent out letters to the ICSE and CBSE board officials to submit student information to us. The process will be student friendly,\" said a senior official. Many colleges and schools, especially those in the same neighbourhood, are already holding unofficial sessions with students to address their queries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12476031", "title": "Extra seats at Chepauk hanging in balance", "text": "CHENNAI: There is much anticipation among Chennai Super Kings fans over the status of the 10,000 additional seats in the three new stands at Chepauk stadium ahead of the Indian Premier League which starts on April 4.The planning agency, the Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority (CMDA) is examining an application for approval for the three new stands (G, H, I) that were closed for public during the Champions League in September and the India-West Indies ODI in December. The Tamil Nadu Cricket Association (TNCA) is going all out to obtain clearance, but there may still be a few obstacles in the way.The multi-storeyed building panel of the CMDA met on Friday, but did not take up the TNCA application for consideration. According to sources, CMDA is insistent on an environmental impact assessment clearance which the TNCA would have to acquire from the Union environment ministry.Once the environmental clearance is obtained, the process can be expedited and seats in the three new stands can also go for sale. Tickets for the stands are expected to be priced at Rs 1,500 for the upper tier and Rs 1,000 for the lower tier. There is also an entertainment tax on the tickets. The present capacity of the stadium is 30,000 seats.The stadium is the home ground of defending champions CSK and in addition to the team's eight group games, one of the eliminators and the final will also take place here.The stadium was reconstructed before the 2011 World Cup, but till December, the TNCA didn't get a clearance from the National Coastal Zone Management Authority under the Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF). The CMDA officials had then said that TNCA authorities hadn't approached them for approval of the plan proposal of the three stands and completion certificate.A CMDA source said the documents of the stadium are pending consideration of the state government, but cannot be processed without enviromental clearance. \"The government will be taking the final decision after that,\" said the official.The TNCA hierarchy, though, is hopeful that the clearance will come before the high-profile opener between defending champions CSK and Champions League winners Mumbai Indians which will pit Master Blaster Sachin Tendulkar against Chennai's beloved MS Dhoni. \"The tickets are selling out fast and if the clearance is obtained, it will really be good for the fans,\" a TNCA source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12476644", "title": "\u2018One NGO should be made responsible for PCMC\u2019s dog pound\u2019", "text": "PUNE: Bharatiya Janata Party's MP from Bareilly and animal rights activist Maneka Gandhi on Friday suggested that an NGO registered with the animal welfare board of India (AWBI) be given the responsibility of managing the PCMC dog pound.\"The dogs are dying at the Pimpri Chinchwad dog pound. Rs 14 lakh that is given to the centre for feeding dogs is not being utilized properly,'' said Gandhi.Gandhi said, \"I visited the civic body's dog pound on Thursday and met the mayor and municipal commissioner. We have decided that one NGO registered with the AWBI will be given the responsibility of the dog pound. At present, four NGOs are involved and no one wants to own responsibility.''She pointed out that the tendering system for sterilization contracts was destroying the whole system. \"People interested in the job quote the lowest amount. I have suggested that the tendering system be stopped,'' she said.\"A roadmap will be prepared by People for Animals (PFA) and will assist the civic body to ensure proper functioning of the dog pound. There will be accountability about money spent and one NGO will pick up the dogs and again drop them in the same area,'' she added.Manoj Oswal, animal welfare officer, said that after inspection of the pound Gandhi gave many recommendations for improvement of facilities.\"There are four different agencies involved in rabies vaccination, dog catching, performing sterilization operations and dog housing. The system fails due to multiple agencies,'' he said.\"So the plan is to scale up the operations to perform 1,000 sterilization surgeries per month and on a continuous basis,\" he added.He said that Gandhi also suggested opening of two to three more animal birth control centres in the city to decentralize the work.NGOs should run these centres in four administrative zones, under the supervision of the civic body. She has suggested keeping proper records of the dogs caught, sterilizations and other works.The money spent on the animal birth control programme should be fully accounted for.Oswal pointed out that there was lack of expertise due to which there were problems in cleanliness, food and diet of the animals and others.So People for Animals will train two veterinary doctors and four dog catchers of the civic body at Delhi and Ooty for proper management of stray dogs.Veterinary officer Satish Gore said that Gandhi wanted 20 to 30 sterilization surgeries performed in each centre per day to control the unwanted population of stray dogs which will also reduce dog bite cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12477150", "title": "Devotees worship Goddess Kali", "text": "ALLAHABAD: 'Jai Maa Vindhayavasini Padayatra Samiti would organize a grand decoration, kanya pujan and bhandara at Babuganj located Maa Anandi Devi (sheetla mata) Temple on April 2, said president of the samiti, Dharmendra Kesarwani. He was addressing a meeting at Mutthiganj here on Friday.While various organizations have been planning a series of programmes on the concluding day of navaratra, the strength of devotees is increasing at city-based temples on every passing day.On Friday, hundreds of devotees thronged various Durga temples on occasion of eighth day of Navaratra. They worshipped Kali maa on saptami.Temples like Khemamai, Lalita Devi, Alopidevi and Sheetla devi witnessed long queues of devotees and this included people from all age groups. Apart from idols, temples were decoratd with flowers and lightening.At some temples, attractive flower and silver decoration of goddess was carried out.The police department has too deployed adequate strength of its personnel and teams of intelligence unit were also taking rounds of temple premises to review the security arrangements.People are attending the religious discourse 'Ram Katha' at Kalyani Devi temple in large numbers during the ongoing Navratra festival.Beeline of devotees is witnessed right from the morning in front of the temple.Addressing the people, Jagatguru Shankaracharya Swami Vasudevananda observed that people should take the name of Lord as invoking of the name removes all the sins. Lord Rama lived a life of simplicity and one should follow the path shown by him.He said that people should listen to Ram Katha and take inspiration from his life.Earlier, Jagatguru Shankaracharya Swami Vasudevananda along with his disciples offered prayers at the Kayani Devi temple.They also performed many rituals in the temples. After that, the Swami Vasudevananda prayed for the well being of all the people.Large number of people attended the temple to have ' darshan'. Bhajans and kirtans are regularly being organised in the temple on the auspicious occasion of Navratra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12478637", "title": "Bhansali caught in a Ram Leela fight", "text": "The ambitious project may need a new title as another filmmaker claims it belongs to himSanjay Leela Bhansali's ambitious adaptation of Romeo and Juliet starring Ranveer Singh and Kareena Kapoor has hit a roadblock. The reason - its title. Bhansali had wanted to name his project Ram Leela, a title that is already registered with another company. And now, Eye Spy and Nautanki Films Pvt Ltd headed by Saurabh Tewari and Abhinav Shukla have sent a legal notice to Bhansali's production house regarding the issue.Mukul Abhyankar, who is directing Ram Leela for the other production house told Mirror, \"Mr Sanjay Leela Bhansali had expressed his desire to use Ram Leela as the title for his forthcoming film. But it belongs to Eye Spy and Nautanki Films. I have already formed an alliance with them. And the title now belongs to us. In fact, we have already started working on our project. We will be using the title and there is no question of parting with it.\"Bhansali and his publicist chose not to revert to our text messages. Guess they are busy working out a new title for their venture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12476072", "title": "Differences over Lusofonia Games venues", "text": "PANAJI: Serious differences have cropped up between the SAG and GOA over organization of the Lusofonia Games 2013, with most of these differences centering around venues for the games for all Portuguese speaking nations.Only recently, Sports Authority of Goa (SAG) executive director VM Prabhudesai had gone on record saying the SAG and Goa Olympic Association (GOA) are like \"husband and wife\". The SAG executive director has a point as the two work closely with each other, but for the moment it's more like an estranged couple forced into a live-in relationship.SAG had initially finalized a list of venues to host nine disciplines but those venues have now undergone a sea change. Nothing is finalized as of now but before the last day of confirmation, another bout of shadow boxing is almost certain.GOA has shortlisted the Community Centre at Taleigao to host table tennis. Major repairs and construction of changing rooms have been suggested at Taleigao, a suggestion GOA have unhesitatingly accepted. SAG, however, has plans of its own and is pushing for the Indoor Stadium at Campal to host table tennis.\"We have a venue here (the indoor stadium). I feel we should come up with the necessary infrastructure here. We have to sit down together and see what the best option is,\" Prabhudesai said.It was first suggested that futsal be held at the Fr Benedict Furtado Memorial Indoor hall at Don Bosco, Panaji , then MCC came into the picture, but after GOA told GFA they had got permission from the organizers (ACOLOP) to host the event outdoors, ACOLOP put its foot down and poured cold water on that hope.\"We have come to know only now that Goa does not have an indoor facility for futsal,\" said ACOLOP president Alex Vong.Athletics-the showstopper event at the Lusofonia Games- is also shrouded in controversy.On Friday, GOA took the visiting ACOLOP delegation for a site inspection at Peddem Sports Complex in Mapusa which, they feel, should be the site to host athletics but SAG is still rooting for its own ground at Campal. \"If there are no CRZ violations, Campal should be a perfect venue. They have seen the venue before and have approved it as well,\" explained Prabhudesai.Once the visiting ACOLOP delegates leave for their respective countries on Sunday, GOA and SAG will sit across the table and sort out their differences. They do not have much time as the final list of venues must be handed to ACOLOP before the deadline of April 10.The clock is ticking, and ticking fast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12476033", "title": "IITs opposition puts question mark on engineering exam", "text": "NAGPUR: The common exam for entrance to all engineering institutes from IITs and to local engineering colleges seems to have hit rough weather due to opposition from some IIT managements. From 2013, the Joint Entrance Exam (JEE) was all set to replace all other engineering entrance tests across the country with most state governments giving their consent. However some IITs and their student senates have expressed displeasure over the way the change was being initiated.Highly placed sources in IIT Council, the apex governing body for all 15 IITs, confirmed to TOI that differences had cropped up in their discussions about JEE with the government. Director of a renowned IIT said on condition of anonymity that the government was pushing through the changes without taking every stakeholder into confidence. \"The government should have first come to IIT Council and known their concerns. The Council would have then reached out to all IITs, where academic and students' senate would have given their views. Once we take everyone's views, only then could a consensus be reached. You just can't walk in one fine day and order things changed,\" he said.A senior faculty member of another IIT said, \"Our institutes have been doing great for over half a century and now suddenly the government thinks there is a problem. We don't oppose or question the government's intention for a common exam but the methodology is wrong. IITs are being asked to give minimum 40 per cent weightage to board exams for admissions which is not right. Cheating during board exams is rampant in many states. They cannot be taken as a common benchmark. IITs must retain the right to decide the criteria for admissions else the standard will go down.\"In certain IITs, the students' senates too have opposed the new JEE citing dilution of admission criteria and conveyed the same to their board of governors. There have been reports that the All India IIT Faculty Federation has written to HRD ministry opposing the government's approach but ministry officials deny having received any such letter.While HRD minister Kapil Sibal was unavailable for comment, his private secretary Uma Shankar said everyone concerned had been consulted. Shankar said, \"Our ministry has tried to get views from faculty, students and other stakeholders to reach a consensus. For a whole month, we had a special website where all stakeholders were asked to blog their views. I am myself an IITian and hold my institute in high esteem but we have to find a solution to the problems that plague our system.\"The problems according to Shankar are of having too many entrance exams and an education system (for Std XI and XII) that functions outside the school system itself. \"There are about 180 exams in the country for engineering admissions. Everyone now depends on coaching centres and ignores board exams. Students get admitted to a college that discreetly ties up with a coaching institute and marks their attendance. Students don't go to college hence teachers don't teach. Is this the kind of education we want,\" asked Shankar.A meeting has been scheduled on April 24 between the government and a special committee comprising select IIT directors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12477079", "title": "Varsity chancellor steps in to restore order", "text": "MUMBAI: Following the pandemonium in Mumbai University's senate and the legislature on Thursday, governor K Sankaranarayanan summoned vice-chancellor Rajan Welukar to present his side on Friday. Later in the evening, several Shiv Sena legislators marched to Raj Bhavan and demanded the V-C be suspended and an administrator be appointed till a new head was selected.Sources said the governor told the V-C that the university was in complete disorder and the goofups in the examination house, whether it was the issue of delayed hall tickets, assigning new exam centres at the eleventh hour or distribution of wrong question papers, had put students through immense stress. The governor also demanded that all inquiry committee reports be sent to him, including the report examining the leak of the third-year commerce paper of Marketing and Human Resource Management.In the evening, Shiv Sena legislators , along with all seven senate members suspended by Welukar on Thursday, met the governor. The senate members, all from the graduates' constituency , were protesting during the senate meeting when Welukar suspended them. They all alleged that Welukar had proved ineffective in handling the administration efficiently.The delegation also complained against the working of the Maharashtra Knowledge Corporation Limited and asked the governor to look into it. \"The governor told the delegation that he had a detailed discussion with the V-C , on various issues raised by members, earlier in the day. He said he has directed the V-C to make sure that no student suffers on account of lapses on part of the university,\" said a press note from Raj Bhavan.In addition to apprising Sankarnarayanan of the \"dysfunctional administration\" , Sena legislators said key posts like that of the pro-vice chancellor, registrar and controller of examinations of the university were lying vacant. The governor assured the delegation that he would ask the VC to ensure that the posts were filled at the earliest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12475957", "title": "State gets 197MW from Simhadri power plant", "text": "CHENNAI: National Thermal Power Corporation (NTPC), the country's largest power producer, on Friday said it had synchronised Unit IV of Stage II (2 x 500MW) of Simhadri Super Thermal Power Project in Andhra Pradesh with the southern grid. Out of this, Tamil Nadu will get 197MW.After the synchronisation, the total installed operational capacity of the project has now gone up to 2,000MW. Of the total power generated from Simhadri Stage-II, a major chunk of 384.4MW will be supplied to Andhra Pradesh. Karnataka will get 176MW, Kerala 80MW and Puducherry 10MW. The remainder of the power generated will not be allocated.The entire power generated by Simhadri Stage-I (2 x 500 MW) is supplied to Andhra Pradesh. Simhadri is the first coastal-based coal fired thermal power project of NTPC . Simhadri is the first project in Asia to bag the International Project Management Award from the International Project Management Association, Germany, in 2005.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12476717", "title": "5 years on, mental hospitals await health visitors", "text": "INDORE: You may not believe it but it is true. State's only two government-run mental hospitals have been operating without mental health visitors for more than five years now. The two mental hospitals - one in Gwalior and other in Indore - are functioning without the mandatory appointment of mental health visitors, who are assigned to look after admission and review of patients admitted to the hospital.There are five posts lying vacant in both the hospitals each.\"It is true that the psychiatric government mental hospitals in state are running without mental health visitors. A proposal has been sent for the filling of these posts to the higher officials,\" said Dr RN Sahu, secretary, State Mental Health Authority.As per the Mental Health Act of 1987, state government shall appoint not less than five visitors for every psychiatric hospital and every psychiatric nursing home. Out of five, one should be a medical officer (psychiatric). The posts were created in the Act with an aim to see that human rights of vulnerable society are not violated and all kinds of facilities including psychological, sociological and pharmacological are made available to the patients coming to the mental hospitals for the treatment.The visitors are empowered to make a joint inspection of every part of the psychiatric hospital at least once in every month to examine every minor is admitted under the laws. The visitors have the power to give remarks on the management and conditions of the hospitals that are not functioning on the norms of the government.Confirming that there are no visitors in the mental hospital in Indore, superintendent Dr Ramgulam Razdan said, \"We are soon going to send the names of probable candidates to the government for further perusal.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12476983", "title": "Survivors recall horrific moments", "text": "KANPUR: Constable Satyabhan overpowered accused Saurabh Verma when he resorted to indiscriminate firing inside the Naubasta police outpost on Thursday night. He recalled with horror the incident which claimed his officer's life.With bruises, which he suffered while overpowering Verma, he said, \"We were not aware that the man was carrying a weapon. We tried our best to stop the accused but it was late as a couple of bullets had pierced into the head of S-I and injured other colleague. I was running behind the assailant who was drunk. He pointed the revolver towards me and fired the shot but the bullet missed the target.\"\"I felt numb when I saw my officer and a colleague slumping on the ground. I gathered courage and caught hold of the accused by hitting him with the butt of a rifle,\" he said.At the Lala Lajpat Rai hospital, another injured cop is lying with surgery on his palm. Constable Mohandas Baghel said: \"A bullet pierced my palm when I was trying to overpower him soon after my officer slumped on the ground. There was blood all over the room-cum-police outpost. I thought that everything was over.\"Meanwhile, after struggling for life for nearly 12 hours, sub-inspector (SI) Devendra Kumar breathed his last at the Regency Hospital at around 11 am on Friday.There was no sign of improvement since he was brought to the hospital. His respiratory system was not functioning due to the bullet injury in the head and it caused damage to the brain. He was on a life support system since Thursday night, his heart stopped pumping.\"Devendra's brother Sunil said, \"My parents were worried over delay in his marriage plans. We were searching a girl for him these days. He had not visited us since the past one year. Last we met him for five minutes while he was on way to attend election duty in Allahabad. His killer should get stringent punishment.\"Tragic scenes were witnessed at the Reserve Police Lines where Devendra's body was kept for wreath laying cermony. His sisters and other women fell unconscious. Even the cops broke into tears.DIG Amitabh Yash said that the entire police department is with the bereaved family.\"We will provide help to the family members. I am proud of SI Devendra, who laid down his life for the sake of duty,\" DIG added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "12475391", "title": "Crime patrol gets hazy as leases of PCR van expire", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: The change of guard in Lucknow seems to be affecting the home district of former chief minister Mayawati, Gautam Budh Nagar, the most. Even as crime surged due to administrative officials being shunted out of the district, the Greater Noida police are faced with another security problem. On Sunday, the contract of at least 40 PCR vans that have been hired from a private company is going to expire.Considering the fact that most of the PCR vans have been let out by a BSP MLA's brother, sources say that the SP government may not renew the contract. Now, police and the district administration are in a damage control mode and have called a meeting on Monday cull out a solution.In September 2009, when Mayawati had come to Noida for inaugurating the Metro line, the PCR vans were hired at her behest and Noida and Greater Noida authorities had been directed to bear their cost. Both the authorities had hired 40 Bolero vans. \"Twenty PCR vans were deployed in Noida while rest was handed over to Greater Noida police in December 2009,\" said a senior police official. The authorities pay Rs 80,000 per month for each PCR van to the private company.After the SP government was sworn in, the Greater Noida Authority received no instruction for renewing the contract for retaining the PCR vans. Moreover, if the contract is not renewed, it will take a lot of time to release a tender and invite bids. Gautam Budh Nagar SP (Rural) Sriparna Ganguly said the police have no say as the Greater Noida Authority has to take final call in the matter. \"No formal communication has been received from either the Authority or the contractor. The matter has already been communicated by us to senior police officers,\" Ganguly said.Newly-appointed SSP, Praveen Kumar , confirmed that the contract of the 40 PCR vans will lapse on March 31, but he assured of a solution soon. \"On Monday, we will have a word with the Authority officials to reach a solution to continue services of the existing PCR vans,\" Kumar said. There are 72 PCR vans in the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12475775", "title": "10 banks on police radar", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Original fixed deposit statements used for preparing forged documents for tourist visas by members of a recently busted gang, has brought at least 10 banks, including nationalized ones like State Bank of India, Central Bank of India and private banks like HDFC and Axis banks, among others, on Chandigarh police radar. Special Investigation Team (SIT) on Friday claimed to have unearthed a close-knitted network of bank employees, who were providing FD statements to gang. Police have also recovered four scanned copies of FDs.\"We are keeping an eye on the activities of the employees of the banks, located in this region, from where FD statements were being passed on to agents,\" Anil Joshi, deputy superintendent of police (CID), who is heading the SIT, told TOI.\"It is very difficult to crack this nexus as the client is willingly paying hefty sum because he wants to go abroad at any cost. However, working on some clues that we had got from earlier arrested accused, police are gradually making inroads. We would arrest more people in the next couple of days,\" added Joshi.Joshi said that bank employees were providing FD statements of up to Rs 20 lakh. In return, the bank officials were getting five to six per cent of the FD amount. Earlier, on Thursday, police had claimed that they had arrested two managers of Axis and HDFC banks, who were providing bank statements of their clients to the agents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12477001", "title": "Plea to switch off light during 'earth hour'", "text": "KANPUR: Supporting the global initiative taken by World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF) to observe 'earth hour' by switching off lights for an hour on March 31, district magistrate MP Agarwal had urged denizens to participate in it by switching off non-essential lights and electrical appliances for an hour from 8.30 pm to 9.30 pm on Saturday.The 'earth hour' is an annual international event in which households and business establishments across the globe switch off non-essential lights for an hour at the appointed time to raise awareness towards the need to take action on climate change.The initiative began in Sydney in 2007, when 2.2 million homes and business offices switched off lights for an hour. In 2008, the message had grown into a global sustainability movement, with 50 million people switching off lights.\"Global warming and climate change pose a real challenge to the world. Earth Hour is a symbolic event aimed to engage people from all walks of life in climate change initiative. It should not be a one-day affair and one must follow it in everyday to maintain a natural balance and conserve electricity,\" said Adarsh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12475101", "title": "34 MBA graduates hired to monitor public distribution system", "text": "JAIPUR: The government has hired 34 MBA graduates, including eight women , with experience in insurance, navy, pharmacy and banks to oversee functioning of fair price shops and effective functioning of the public distribution system (PDS) in the state.The newly-formed Rajasthan State Food and Civil Supplies Corporation would depute the recruits selected through an entrance examination in all districts of the state. They would be called district managers and monitor the system from manufacturing to distribution point.\"We have taken this step in our bid to bring professionalism in the public delivery system. The government has decided to include non-PDS items like tea, spices, soaps and fortified flours in ration shops. The managers will look after this complex job and are expected to bring efficiency in the system,\" said food, civil supplies and consumer affairs department principal secretary J C Mohanty.The recruits are currently undergoing training at Jaipur's state institute of agriculture management. \"The group includes freshers as well as those with some work experience. Some of them were earlier working with banks...,\" said course coordinator S P Paliwal.Ruchi Agarwal, one of the recruits who worked as a pharmacist in a government hospital after her MBA, is excited about her new job. \"We were recruited in January and were sent to field training for two months. It is indeed a challenging job,'' she said. Agarwal said they had been asked to monitor and market PDS shops besides an image makeover of the system perceived to be inefficient and corrupt.The recruits are being trained to manage logistics with minimum diversion of products besides quality checking. Naresh Dhaania, another recruit who was in the navy for 15 years, said, \"Transparency is the biggest thing needed.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12475986", "title": "Pollachi sends summer coolers", "text": "For 48-year-old Mahendran, March to May is a busy season as the demand for tender coconuts peaks with rising mercury levels. Mahendran has been selling them for nearly three decades in Egmore and now owns two shops and seven push carts. \"I buy around 4,000 coconuts every three days,\" he says.As the mercury rises in Chennai , people turn to tender coconuts to beat the heat. The town that supplies Chennai with its daily dose of coconuts is Pollachi, about 40km south of Coimbatore.According to Hemachandra, deputy director of the Coconut Development Board, Chennai gets around 30 truckloads of coconuts from Pollachi and 15 from Puducherry and Cuddalore between March and May. Each truck has 4,500 coconuts.The Tender Coconut Producer Association, which consists of Pollachi-based farmers, meets every week to decide the price of coconuts. An SMS is sent to the members and representatives of nearly 200 villages and traders, informing them about the price. Traders then bargain based on the quality of the coconuts.A E Srinivasan, a farmer and secretary of the association, says Pollachi coconuts are the best as they have more butter. \"Earlier, we were not aware of the price in other cities and used to sell coconuts for as low as Rs 4. Now, we sell the hybrid quality for Rs 12 to Rs 14, dwarf variety for around Rs 15 and tall quality for up to Rs 9. The prices will go up in May,\" says Srinivasan, who has coconut plantations. Traders come to his farm once a month to take the harvest.Kamaraj (41), who has been selling coconuts for past 15 years in Egmore, says he buys about 500 coconuts depending on the sales. \"I pay Rs 20 for a piece. I sell around 60-70 coconuts daily and the price varies from Rs 25 to Rs 30,\" he says.Till last year, Puducherry, Cuddalore and other coastal districts supplied coconuts. However, Cyclone Thane destroyed most of the plantations, thereby increasing the prices. \"I used to buy coconuts for Rs 12, but now I have to pay Rs 20,\" says Mahendran.Despite getting a better price for their produce, things are not all bright for the Pollachi farmers. \"There is labour shortage as younger generation doesn't want to take up this job and only a trained person can climb the tree,\" says Srinivasan.T A Krishnaswamy Gounder, president of United Coconut Growers Association of South India, says youngsters prefer to work under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act schemes than climb coconut trees for a living.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12474323", "title": "Fearing failure engineering student hangs self", "text": "NAGPUR: Fear of failure pushed a first-year engineering student to embrace suicide instead of appearing for the exam. Aatish Thorat (21), who had failed to clear his first year papers earlier too, was to give a second attempt in the next few days.He was found hanging to the ceiling fan with a bedsheet on Thursday evening, said Aatish's father Subhash Thorat, who was the first to spot the body. Thorat, who works with a semi-government office, stated to the police that Aatish took the extreme step during his study hours.\"Aatish used to study for four hours regularly. On Thursday, he walked into his room at 2pm and started studying. When he failed to come down till 7pm, I went upstairs to check. I was shocked to see his body hanging from the ceiling fan,\" said Thorat in his statement to the police.Aatish, youngest among three siblings, was living with his parents at their Harihar Nagar, Beltarodi residence. Thorat immediately brought Aatish down but he was lifeless. Meanwhile, neighbours alerted Hudkeshwar police who sent the body for autopsy to Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH).Anil Thorat, Aatish's uncle, told TOI that though his nephew appeared normal, he might have been scared of failure. He was depressed over his poor performance, he added.Aatish's elder brothers are engineers and had been very good students during their college days. The eldest brother is employed with a reputed multinational company at Pune and the other is searching for a job. Apart from studies, some other personal reason might have pushed Aatish to take the extreme step, one of the family members claimed.Police said that they had searched every corner of Aatish's room but no suicide note was found. Cops have seized his cellphone but are yet to check the call details. Police have registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12480460", "title": "CMs conference may be extended to discuss NCTC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union home minister P Chidambaram today indicated that the annual meeting of chief ministers on April 16 may be extended to discuss setting up of National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC) as demanded by some of the non-Congress ruled states.After presenting his ministry's monthly report, Chidambaram told reporters that he welcomes a debate on the issue. \"I am glad that there will be a debate and I sincerely hope that it will be a debate based on the Constitution, laws in force and the very healthy convention that has been built over the last 65 years,\" he said.Asked about the letter written by UPA's ally and West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh asking for devoting time for NCTC issue at the conference, the home minister said that he would soon get a copy of the same.\"Please remember that the chief ministers conference on internal security is an annual affair. It was initially convened for February 15, 2012. The NCTC question came up in March. The February 15 meeting was postponed because of the election and Parliament session to April 16.\"But I think it is important that all issues of the agenda are discussed. How we will accommodate the request of the Chief Ministers to devote a considerable amount of time to discuss the NCTC subject, it is a matter that will be resolved, I think, in the next couple of days,\" he said.Asked whether there was a possibility of extending the day long meeting to two days, he said, \"That will depend on the convenience of the Prime Minister and chief ministers. But that is an option.\"Besides Banerjee, Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi has also written a letter to the Prime Minister requesting for making NCTC the only agenda of the meeting on April 16.The two are among the non-Congress chief ministers who have opposed setting up of the NCTC.To a question about the fate of notification issued by the ministry under which the NCTC was to come operational on March one, Chidambaram said, \"The notification is there and it is in the agenda. There is no contradiction (because according to notification the NCTC was supposed to be operational from March 1).\"It says that the order will come into force, a director will be appointed, three Joint Directors will be appointed and a standing council will be constituted.\"It is when a Director is appointed, the three joint directors are appointed and a standing council is constituted, there is an NCTC. Otherwise it is still an idea which has to be operationalised,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12475199", "title": "After four years, mom gets back girl", "text": "AHMEDABAD: When Lakshmi Marwadi, 35, a resident of a slum near Subhash Bridge, saw Pooja, 7, on Thursday, she could not hold back tears. Pooja was her daughter Jyoti, who was lost in 2008 at the age of three. After some awkward moments, Pooja alias Jyoti hugged her real mother whom circumstances had separated from her four years ago.Amidst incidents of children going missing in the city, the find came as a breather to the city police. According to Navrangpura police officials, Marwadi works as an artisan and seller of clay idols. She had filed a complaint on January 6, 2008 with Naranpura police that her 3-year-old daughter Jyoti was playing near her residence at 4 pm on January 4 when she went missing. She visited the neighbourhood and other probable places where she could be, but in vain.\"She used to frequent Singarva village near Odhav to purchase wooden goods, especially cricket bats for kids. During these visits, she came in contact with Meena Mandora, a supplier of such goods. Marwadi had told Mandora about her missing girl in 2008. In a recent visit, Mandora asked her whether she had found her girl yet. When she asked in negative, Madora told her that she had a girl and she seems to be missing,\" said H B Jamod, inspector of Naranpura police station.Marwadi agreed to take a chance and met the girl in question, whom Mandora had christened Pooja, on Thursday. She immediately recognized her as her own daughter.Suspicious, Mandora asked her to give any identity proof. Marwadi then identified her by a surgery mark that Pooja had got on her left knee. Police were then informed about the incident after which the girl was handed over to the parents on Friday in presence of police officials.\"When we questioned Mandora about it, she said that it was her son Mahesh who got her from a business associate named Ismail. We have started search for this youth,\" said Jamod.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12475581", "title": "Indian Premier League jobs: Man held for fraud", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 23-year-old man was arrested for allegedly luring a number of youngsters by promising them jobs for the upcoming Premier League (IPL). Deepak Juneja, a resident of Saharanpur in Uttar Pradesh, was arrested from Connaught Place on Thursday for duping around 402 youths in west and southwest Delhi, police said.The action came after a complaint by one Honney Bassi, a BCA student of final year. According to Bassi, Juneja lured him by saying that fares and accommodation would be provided for free and a daily stipend of Rs 1,000 would also be paid to select candidates.On Friday, while patrolling Connaught Place, two cops heard commotion and saw a group of people arguing about IPL with a well dressed man. The agitation continued to grow and the officers brought the man, Juneja, to the Connaught Place police station. Juneja was interrogated and he accepted his crime.\"Juneja was asked to produce authorization or any contract from the IPL. However, when he admitted that he has no such contract or liaison with IPL authorities, he was arrested,\" said a senior police officer.The attraction to watch free IPL matches, enjoy vacation period after exams and earn thousands, infused enthusiasm in the victims and they agreed to pay the registration fees of Rs 1,000. \"To win confidence of job seekers, Juneja would also give a postdated cheque of Rs 1,000/- from his bank account,\" said a senior cop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12476822", "title": "Mulbagal dosas at BSY\u2019s residence, holige at Karjol\u2019s", "text": "BANGALORE: On Friday, former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa did a D V Sadananda Gowda on the chief minister. He was the surprise element at the lunch hosted by his rival camp leader and minister Govind M Karjol at his residence. The former CM also ensured that all his followers - ministers and legislators - attended Karjol's lunch, and table politics in the ruling BJP ended on a happy note.Karjol's lunch had more attendants than Yeddyurappa's breakfast. Chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda, state BJP president K S Eshwarappa, home and transport minister R Ashoka and Bangalore MLAs preferred to stay out of the food politics of Yeddyurappa and Karjol.A cook from Mulbagal town in Kolar district was rushed by the former CM to specially prepare dosas and idlies for the legislators. Dosas and idlies prepared in Mulbagal style are said to be soft and tasty. \"Some of us tasted this for the first time and it was really good,\" water resources minister Basavaraj Bommai told TOI. They were accompanied by three types of chutneys were prepared. These apart, the breakfast had a good spread with Dakshina Kannada specialties like neeru dosa and regular items like kesari and khara baath.\"There was no bhashaan (speech) from him (Yeddyurappa). It was just a breakfast. He was taking care and forcing us to have more. No political inferences should be drawn from this,\" Bommai said.After attending the legislature session for a couple of hours, the legislators rushed to Karjol's residence, which is right behind Yeddyurappa's house, for lunch. While it was dosa at the breakfast, jolada roti and holige were the specialties at the lunch. For nonvegetarians , there was chilli chicken, kebab and keema.Yeddyurappa was the first among the VIPs to arrive at Karjol's residence and left within 20 minutes after having holige and vegetarian food. He was followed by anti-Yeddyurappa group of team Balachandra L Jarkiholi and five Independent MLAs. However , rivalries were forgotten between pro and anti-Yeddyurappa groups for a while as they sat together for lunch. \"I personally went to Yeddyurappa's house this morning and invited him for lunch. There is absolutely no politics here. It is just a get-together before the end of the legislature session,\" said Karjol, who played the perfect host.Yeddyurappa and his followers left for Shimoga, where the former CM will be felicitated on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12477175", "title": "Man abducted, shot at in broad daylight", "text": "INDORE: A man was abducted and then shot at by few unidentified persons in the broad daylight here on Friday. He is battling for life in the hospital.The man has been identified as Bunti alias Ajay (35), son of Vinayak Rao Thakre. He is the resident of Scheme number 114, said police.According to sources, few people forced Bunti to sit in their four-wheeler at Sarvate bus stand in the afternoon. Near the bypass, they reportedly shot at him and left him on the roadside and escaped. An auto-driver carried him to MY Hospital.Source said that Bunti also had criminal record in the past and he was in the city to appear before the court. CSP Amrendra Singh said that police were trying to get more details into the incident. Investigation was on, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12479262", "title": "Salman Khan gifts an item song to Ajay Devgn", "text": "When Devgn approached Salman for an item number in Son of Sardar, he readily agreed.Bollywood is a mutually admiration and gifting film industry. Actors do not mind lending their starry appeal to good friends. The latest in case is Salman Khan who will be doing an item number in an Ajay Devgn film.Ajay Devgn is ensuring that his next film Son of Sardar that also stars Sanjay Dutt, Sonakshi Sinha and Juhi Chawla gets bigger and better. So when he asked good friend Salman Khan for an item song in the film, Salman agreed without second thoughts.The song will soon be shot in Mumbai on a lavish scale. And in true Bollywood style, Salman will be apparently doing the item song without taking any fee for it. What are friends for after all!Salman Khan and Ajay Devgn have been good friends ever since they did Hum Dil De Chuke Sanam a decade back. Though London Dreams might have bombed at the box-office, it only got them closer as friends. Just last year Ajay Devgn did a cameo in Salman Khan's Ready . Now it's Salman's time to return the favour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12476661", "title": "\u2018Bio Diversity Parks panel should have city experts\u2019", "text": "PUNE: The state government has appointed a committee to take a final call on the Bio Diversity Parks (BDP) in the city sans local representation.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan in January while announcing the development plan (DP) for 23 merged villages, had kept the BDP decision in abeyance and announced that a committee would be formed to take a decision on the same.Sources in the state Urban Development Department (UDD) said that the committee appointed includes experts K V Jain and Rakesh Kumar, forest department official Nandkishor, UDD deputy director Srirang Landge and civic chief Mahesh Pathak. The committee will study the issue and submit its report within a month to the state government after which the final announcement on the BDP is likely.The draft DP for 23 fringe villages approved by the civic body in 2005 recommended that 1,600 hectares of land in these fringe villages (mostly hilltops and slopes) be reserved for BDPs. This includes 978 hectares of land owned by private owners.The civic body will have to acquire the land held by individuals by paying compensation. With politicians across party lines demanding 4% construction in the BDPs and environmentalists opposing them, Prithviraj Chavan avoided taking a decision.NCP city unit chief and MP Vandana Chavan said that the state government should have given local representation in the committee. \"We have stalwarts like Madhav Gadgil. I hope that they (the committee) give us a hearing at least,\" she said. Chavan who has batted strongly for the BDP insisted that no construction should be allowed there.Urban planner Anita Benninger Gokhale said, \"We can do very little if the state has already appointed a committee. We have to wait and watch till the committee gives its report.\"Benninger, who was a member of the planning committee which drafted the Green DP, said that if the state government-appointed committee supports 4% construction in the area, then it will mean a substantial change in the draft DP.\"No such changes can be made without public suggestions and objections. The draft DP will come up for public suggestions and objections with the proposed changes. Public hearing will be held and the government will record suggestions and objections which will have to be addressed by the state. If people support the changes, only then will it be made in the DP and then the DP will be placed before the cabinet for approval,\" she said.Leaders who want the BDP scrapped also demanded local representation in the committee. The BJP city unit chief Vikas Mathkari said, \"We are going to demand that local representatives be included in the committee. Only a local expert can understand the ground situation. The government should not announce any decision without taking Puneites into confidence,\" said Mathkari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12475731", "title": "Detailed chargesheet against graft accused: CBI", "text": "CHANDIGARH: CBI has filed a detailed chargesheet against bribe accused Dinesh Kumar, who was arrested for extorting money from a man claiming he is a senior assistant with Punjab vigilance bureau, on Friday. The chargesheet was filed in the court of chief judicial magistrate in district courts, Sector 17.Accused Dinesh was arrested for accepting a bribe of Rs 20,000 from B D Singla threatening him to initiate criminal proceedings against him if he failed to give bribe on January 4.Meanwhile, the premier investigation agency was slammed for slapping Prevention of Corruption charges against accused Dinesh because he was not a government servant. Later, Dinesh was arrested under charges of forgery and impersonation. The CBI officials said the chargesheet was filed for impersonation and forgery.Dinesh Kumar was arrested for allegedly demanding a bribe from Singla and during his checking, an identity card of Punjab vigilance bureau was recovered from his possession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "story", "code": "12484145", "title": "Outsider", "text": "Story: Outsider is about an innocent villager who finds himself haunted by someone from his past.Movie Review: The opening scenes of Premlal's Outsider have a rare warmth, especially the one where Sivankutty, the character played by Sreenivasan, buys a birthday present for his daughter. He chooses a deep-violet dress for her, and as if not satisfied by one, buys two of them of the same colour and size. Back at home, he opens a wooden chest and runs his fingers through ribbons, bangles and frocks. Then his face drops, his eyes show a faint trace of a tear. Without uttering a single word, it stirs the viewer.These scenes apart, Outsider is a loud, intolerably vigorous commentary on a man who is troubled, haunted and ready to be defeated. It is about a villager who has to deal with the pain of loss and the agony of survival.In Outsider, Premlal is bent on making Sreenivasan and Pashupathi talk with purposeless intensity. Pashupathi plays his character, Lawrence, with an unpleasant harshness, which is so unusual for somebody known for his subtle histrionics. He appears like one of those insipid villains who keep roaring to appear intimidating.The director who initially shows that he is capable of essaying touching scenes without the character uttering a single word, later weaves enormously lengthy scenes where the actors just talk, on and on. He even fails to give Lawrence an objective that is powerful and convincing enough to justify his actions.The thread of Outsider teems with so many possibilities, which could have easily been converted into a fine narrative. Instead, it is a hodge-podge of varying emotions aimlessly put together by adding melodrama in exorbitant measure. As the film heads towards the close, the director further cuts a sorry figure, going for some flimsy metaphors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12476417", "title": "HC orders setting up expert panel", "text": "KOCHI: The Kerala State Legal Services Authority (KELSA) should constitute an expert committee to oversee completion of stalled projects of Apple a Day Properties, the high court ruled on Friday. Justice Antony Dominic had ordered formation of the expert committee after considering an application by KELSA.In its application, KELSA had stated that the committee to oversee works on projects should include a civil engineer, an architect, a chartered accountant, a representative of financial institutions that provided loans for the projects, as well as Chamber of Commerce, Ernakulam.At least one representative from the apartment owners associations may also be included in the committee, KELSA had stated.On February 7, KELSA filed a report in the court after pre-settlement mediation stating that it should be allowed to take over project-completion works as well as management of funds of Apple a Day Properties.The report, filed by court-appointed mediator, advocate S Subhash Chand, had put forward eight suggestions to facilitate an \"amicable settlement\" in the biggest real estate fraud witnessed so far in Kerala.While more than 2,000 persons, including NRIs, had invested in the 18 projects of the company, KELSA's report had revealed that only 122 investors and seven owners associations had participated in the mediation process. The KELSA report had said a committee comprising qualified professionals would assess the level of completion of projects and come up with a project-wise schedule to complete them.The mediators had also suggested that Apple a Day owners should be made to deposit money, as and when KELSA required, in a bank account specifically opened for the purpose. KELSA also wanted the money outstanding to Apple a Day investors to be routed through it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12475398", "title": "1 more H1N1 patient dies, sale of vaccine shoots up", "text": "JAIPUR: One more swine flu patient died in the state on Friday taking the toll during March this year to seven. Besides, three more persons tested positive for the disease.A 62-year-old man became the seventh victim of the disease in the last 30 days. He was a resident of Jodhpur and undergoing treatment at MDM hospital there. In Jodhpur, it is the second death in the last three days due to the disease. The doctors said the deceased was pneumonic and was on ventilators for the last four days. At the MDM hospital, 14 more patients are admitted whose swab samples have been sent for swine flu testing.In Jaipur, two more cases of the flu were detected. One case was found in Jawahar Nagar Circle. The patient is a six-year-old boy. Another 54-year-old woman, a resident of Vaishali Nagar, also tested positive for the influenza. One person was tested positive for swine flu in Ajmer. Meanwhile, the sale of swine flu vaccine in Jaipur has picked up slightly after the H1N1 virus returned to haunt the residents of the city. Since March 1, more than 21 persons in the city have tested positive for swine flu and two have died. Rising cases of the diseases have prompted the people to opt for vaccination.The swine flu vaccines manufactured by various companies are easily available in the market in the price bracket of Rs 500-Rs 600. Since the demand of the vaccine is not high, not all medical shops are selling it but there are shops where the vaccine is available.A swine flu vaccine wholesale dealer Praveen Agarwal said, \"I am selling around 1,000 units of the vaccine of four companies every month. But in March, the demand shot up by 10% to 20%.\"Health experts have warned against taking the vaccination for general use. \"If a case of swine flu is reported in an area, then people in the family and in the neighbourhood can get vaccinated. But, as a routine prevention, it is not necessary to get vaccinated. It is not a routine vaccine. But it is up to the people to decide,\" S D Sharma, superintendent of JK Lon hospital, said.Once taken, the effect of the vaccine remains for a year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12474584", "title": "Ghastly end to love that blossomed with music", "text": "NEW DELHI: Kumar Yashkar and Archana Sharma had married seven years ago, when Yashkar started learning music from Archana's father. The young ministry of defence employee from Patna had fallen in love with the Bharatnatyam danseuse living in Delhi's Gujranwala area.\"They were a sociable, friendly, made-for-each couple. Both of them were doing well in their respective professions and Yashkar had recently celebrated his 42nd birthday on March 15,\" said Yashkar's sister-in-law Anu Sinha.The couple had no children yet as they were focusing on their careers and were in no hurry to have children, said their family members.The pair had recently moved to the government-allotted house in Hudco Place and bought a Honda City car. \"They had recently purchased a flat in Greater Noida and were planning to move in to the house next year. Yashkar was going to be promoted in a few months to the post of director,\" said Yashkar's colleague, who had also studied with him in Delhi University's Ramjas College.A student of political science in Delhi University , Yashkar had completed his BA and MA in the subject before applying for UPSC exams in 1995. He secured the 333rd rank in the exams. He was also sent to the London School of Economics twice for research work on government grant.The son of an English professor who headed the department in Patna's BN College, Yashkar had recently completed a year of training sponsored by the ministry in the Indian Institute of Financial Management in Faridabad.Yashkar had earlier worked with the Mumbai Censor Board at the time Sharmila Tagore was chairperson.Sanjay Kumar , an old friend of the deceased, said, \"He was brilliant in studies. And even otherwise, he was a very street-smart person. He kept to himself though when it came to his personal matters and did not reveal much about himself. I remember him not telling either of us that he was selected for the preliminary examination of UPSC and even Mains for that matter. He had come to us with the results of the interview and said - here, I have been selected.\"What Sanjay said was corroborated by his brother, Pushkar Sinha, who is a senior media professional. \"He never opened up to us regarding his job. He was not allowed to keep a mobile while at work. When any of us spoke to him at work, it was always a brief conversation on his office phone. He was supposed to maintain absolute secrecy about his work, which he always did. These deaths do not seem like an accident.\"The couple had recently moved to the government-allotted house in Hudco Place and bought a Honda City car.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12475688", "title": "Relief for fliers: Air India unions call off strike", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a major relief to passengers, Air India unions called off their proposed strike from April 2 after the management issued a payment schedule to clear their outstanding salaries.CMD Rohit Nandan said: \"There is an outstanding of Rs 670-700 crore in salaries. This money will now be paid off in an additional performance linked incentive (PLI) on the 15th of each month for the next three months. If for some reason that is not possible, we will do our best to clear it immediately and not later than the month-end.\"Officials said that if the infusion of equity into the airline by the government happened by June 30, then the entire outstanding salaries, including PLIs, flying allowances and layover subsistence allowances, on that date would be cleared off within a week.The breakthrough came after two days of dialogue between eight AI unions and management. Employees had been protesting the non-payment of salaries for the past five months and had given the management time till April 1 to clear off the entire dues.A schedule to clear the outstanding was issued on March 22, but was rejected by a certain section of employees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12474924", "title": "Amdavadi architect to recreate Angkor Wat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Indians won't have to go all the way to Cambodia to see Angkor Wat, considered to be one of the biggest religious structures in the world, which was constructed in the 12th century. It is thronged by 2 million visitors every year. A replica of the entire temple is slated to be constructed in the Vaishali district of Bihar. The city will have a lion's share in executing the project as a city-based temple architect has been entrusted with the construction of the mega structure.Piyush Sompura of Panna Craft, a city-based firm specializing in temple construction all over India, told TOI that ever since he had seen Angkor Wat, he had a dream to replicate it. The dream has been realized. \"I was contacted by Bihar Mahavir Mandir Trust, the organization that was planning to make Virat Angkor Wat Ram Mandir,\" he said. \"It will be a temple dedicated to Lord Ram, on the outskirts of Patna and I immediately joined the project.\"Sompura said that the 900 feet long and 270 feet tall structure is expected to be finished in the next five years at the cost of Rs 150 crore, employing 900 masons. The temple, complete with sprawling campuses and gardens, will have 21 shikhars, he added. His son Dhruv will assist him in the task.\"The temple's main deity is Lord Ram and Sita along with Luv and Kush and sage Valmiki,\" said Sompura. \"However, we are planning to construct temples of various incarnations of Vishnu, Shiva, Ganesha and Surya among others. Being true to the original form, the temple will have Dravidian and Nagar styles of architecture and it will be constructed with 2.5 crore cubic feet of Chunar stone of pink hue.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12475103", "title": "Before saying bye, Gujarat University VC joins inauguration spree", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat governor Dr Kamla inaugurated six Gujarat University projects on Friday including Rs 50-crore university convention center. It was last official function for outgoing GU vice-chancellor Dr Parimal Trivedi.Dr Kamla, who is also chancellor for the university, inaugurated the university convention center, information center, newly-constructed FM radio station, computer lab, girls hostel building, and Pariksha Bhavan. She also unveiled two books on flora and fauna of the university campus along with a souvenir slating history of 60 years of the university. All the projects have been materialized at the cost of Rs 70 crore. The main attraction was the convention center near exhibition hall at GMDC ground having three small auditoriums, food court and a garden.Trivedi in his speech cited these projects as his dream and termed his tenure as progressive time for the university. \"We have been providing various facilities to the students so that they can excel in field of their choice and can scale new heights. We want all our students to be brand ambassadors for the university,\" he said. On this occasion, the high powered committee members including former MP Surendra Patel, city realtor Anil Bakeri and Congress leader Narhari Amin were felicitated by the governor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12479079", "title": "Commonwealth Scholarships", "text": "University Of Southampton's Centre for Research on Ageing, UK, in collaboration with the Commonwealth Scholarships Commission, is offering ten scholarships for students to study on the MSc Gerontology (distance learning) programme for the year 2012-13. The programme aims to train students in ageing over the course of life through the University's Virtual Learning Environment (VLE).The scholarships cover the cost of tuition fees (\u00a36,500 per year) for the programme, teaching and learning materials, and travel to the accommodation, and subsistence for the week-long MSc Gerontology (distance learning) residential course at the university in spring 2013. The course will allow students to acquire specialist knowledge in Gerontology and key research skills.The eligibility criteria is a high second-class (2:1) Bachelor's honours or equivalent degree in the social sciences or in a field relevant to gerontology and ageing. The application has to be submitted online.The deadline to apply is May 30.For details, log on to www.southampton.ac.uk/ageing/postgraduate/scholarships.page", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12476620", "title": "Help held for theft at R K Laxman\u2019s residence", "text": "PUNE: The Chatushrungi police on Friday arrested a domestic help for allegedly stealing gold ornaments worth Rs 45,000 from renowned cartoonist R K Laxman's residence in Aundh on March 27.The police team led by senior police inspector of the Chatushrungi police station Ajay Kadam laid a trap in Katraj and nabbed the suspect, who has been identified as Santosh Manik Pawar (28) of Bopodi. The police have recovered the stolen ornaments from his possession.Kadam said that on March 28, the police received a call from Laxman's wife, Kamla, about the theft of some gold ornaments from the house. Kamla informed them that she suspected the involvement of Pawar in the theft. Pawar had joined as a domestic help just a couple of days ago. He had gone out on March 27 on the pretext of buying a shaving kit and had not returned. A gold chain and earrings worth Rs 45,000, which were kept on a dressing table in the bedroom, had been found missing.Kadam said that since Pawar was hired through an agency that provides domestic help to senior citizens, they were able to get Pawar's address, cell phone number and photograph. Over the last few days, the police had looked for Pawar at various locations - including Bopodi, Khadki, Khadakwasla and Bhor - but in vain.\"On Friday, we came to know that Pawar would be going to Katraj and we laid a trap accordingly. Pawar tried to escape on seeing us, but we nabbed him after a brief chase,\" Kadam said. Pawar has been arrested under section 381 (theft by clerk or servant of property in possession of master) of the Indian Penal Code, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12475873", "title": "Tatra truck deal: CBI files FIR", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI on Friday registered a case into Army chief Gen V K Singh's Rs 14-crore bribery offer into the alleged irregularities in the supply of the all-terrain, all-weather Tatra trucks to the Army through defence PSU BEML after 1997.UK-based businessman Ravi K Rishi and his company Vectra has been named in the FIR. Rishi was questioned by the agency on Friday since he is currently in the national Capital for the ongoing ''DefExpo-2012'.The agency will send a Letter Rogatory (LR) to the Czech Republic soon to get more information on the case that has been registered under Section 420 (cheating) and the Prevention of Corruption Act on the basis of a complaint from the defence ministry and independent sources.The agency on Friday evening also received a reply from Gen V K Singh in which he reportedly told CBI officials that he was offered a bribe. \"He has offered to provide more details soon but he did not mention the bribe amount,\" said a senior CBI official.CBI officials say they will \"probe the supply of Tatra trucks to the Army post 1997\", after a MoU was signed between BEML and Tatra Sipox (UK) as primarily they have come across irregularities in supply of trucks after that year, and not before that.Significantly, the agency will not probe the supply of Tatra trucks since it began in 1986, after an agreement was inked between BEML and Czech firm Omnipol, when Rajiv Gandhi was both the PM and defence minister.Ravi Rishi, ''unknown officials'' of BEML, Vectra and the defence establishment have been named in the FIR. CBI carried out searches at four places, including Rishi's residence at Kailash Colony in south Delhi, a factory in Noida and two other places in Bangalore.Officials said that they have recovered several documents during the searches. In a hurry to start the probe since Rishi is in India, the CBI is likely to bar him from leaving the country. CBI, however, has so far not named Lt-Gen Tejinder Singh (retd) in the case, and will do so only if it comes across facts which go against him.In the FIR, the agency has alleged that \"unknown officials of a government defence PSU entered into criminal conspiracy with one of the owners of a UK-based company having a name similar to a Czech company, which was manufacturer of military trucks. The agreement signed earlier with a Foreign Trade Corporation of Czechoslovakia for military vehicles was fraudulently assigned to a UK-based company by showing it as the original OEM/fully owned subsidiary of Czech company. This was against the provisions of Defence Procurement procedure for supplying the vehicles to Indian Army on the basis of the orders placed by ministry of defence.\"The FIR adds that \"In this manner, vehicles worth thousands of crores have been supplied to the Indian Army. In continuation of the aforesaid conspiracy to cause undue benefit to the UK based company, the unknown officials of the defence PSU allowed change of currency from US dollar to euro and further by not levying the liquidated damages, thereby causing further loss of approximately Rs 13.27 crore\".Rishi was asked questions related to the deals inked for the Tatra trucks, said sources, which have hit the headlines after Gen V K Singh's allegation that he was offered a bribe of Rs 14 crore by Lt-Gen Tejinder Singh to clear another lot of the ''sub-standard vehicles''.The agency officials on Friday also went to the defence ministry to collect almost 50% of the files related to the Tatra deals and supply documents. The files reportedly contain details between BEML, which supplies the vehicles to the Army, and Tatra Sipox UK that manufactures the vehicle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12475384", "title": "A new chapter: HIV+ couple set to get married", "text": "JAIPUR: Geeta and Ramesh (names changed), who are getting married on April 1, may seem like any ordinary couple. But they are different, and so is this wedding, as both of them are HIV positive. The marriage will not be a low-key affair and all preparations are being done and being planned well. Invitation cards are also being distributed. The marriage will be solemnized at Aanchal Care Home, where the bride-to-be Geeta resides.Geeta, 22, has the disease for the past two years while Ramesh was infected with HIV four years ago. Ramesh is a sales officer in a private company in Bharatpur. The couple came to know each other through the RNP+ network, which is an NGO working for people living with HIV/AIDS.\"The marriage will not only give a new meaning to the lives of the couple but also send out a message that people living with HIV/AIDS are also a part of society. Also, such a marriage will ensure that infection will not spread further,\" Prerna Singh, managing director, People's Trust (the NGO which is organizing the wedding) said.Singh added, \"Geeta is an orphan and has had a tough life. It will not be good to talk about her past at this happy moment.\"Ramesh is happy with the decision. He said, \"Marriages between those infected with HIV will give them support and encouragement.\" This marriage is not the first of its kind in the state. RNP+ president Brijesh Dubey said, \"Such marriages were solemnized earlier also. But, this time it is being organized in a big way.\"Dubey also said that he has been receiving calls from NGOs of other states about this particular wedding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "12476337", "title": "Inspired by Anna, 70-year-old on hunger strike to make his village liquor-free", "text": "SAMBALPUR: Inspired by the anti-corruption movement of Anna Hazare, a 70-year-old man, Janardan Sahu, has begun a hunger strike in front of the Sambalpur collector's office on Friday demanding removal of liquor shops from his village, Laida.Criticizing the sluggish attitude of the excise officials of the district, Sahu said officials had assured him to remove country liquor shops from the village a year ago, but instead of doing that, the department has given license to a new foreign liquor shop in the village.\"Village Laida is the birth place of several eminent persons including freedom fighter Rajib Lochan Tiwari, but the village has become a village of drunkards. So we demand that the government removes liquor shops from the village with immediate effect,\" the septuagenarian, who is the president of a social body, Dinabandhu Seva Sanstha, said.Sahu said he had raised the issue before the excise superintendent, the collector and the police head of the district. Last year, the excise superintendent had assured him to remove the country liquor shop from the village, but he did not take any step in this regard. He said the government might get huge revenue by opening liquor shops in the village, but in return, the young generation of the village would be totally spoiled.\"I appealed to the government to review its decision as it would have a bad impact to the environment of the village\", the old man said, adding, \"I will fight for this cause like Anna Hazare.\"\"It is the decision of the government and we can not remove the shops unless there is a direction from the government,\" an excise official of the district said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12476790", "title": "Digital divide stifles online system", "text": "KOLKATA: The switch from manual to online application was meant to usher in transparency and empower citizens seeking passports. But in a state where the digital divide is enormous and computer penetration abysmally low, the online shift actually led to more bottlenecks at either end of the process.Samanta Jana of Baruipur had given up hope of a job in Oman till the regional passport officer decided to reopen the old format of submitting passport forms over the counter at the Brabourne Road office. Two months ago, Jana had been turned back from the same office and told to submit the form online. Having studied only till Class IV and barely able to write his name, the mason knew computers were beyond his league and a passport beyond his reach.\"How many people have access to computers? Those who decided on the new system are not in touch with the reality,\" Jana pointed out.Even a section of officials at the passport office acknowledged that the process has become challenging for those without access or knowledge of computers . \"Ideally, the online switch should have happened after a large section of the population became e-literate . But in a vast country like India, achieving such uniformity may take decades. It doesn't make sense to shun technology till then. Over time, people will find ways to meet the need,\" an official said, adding that the government must facilitate each panchayat with e-kiosks so that people at grass-root level can take advantage of any online system.Though an alternative channel still exists with DM offices accepting forms off-line , the miserable rate of success for applicants in this process and the huge delay have shifted the spotlight on the online process.\"The passport office would have done well to publicize the fact that the off-line form collection at DM offices is in place along with the new system. That way, people would have known that there is a choice. Also, the counters at the Brabourne Road office should have remained open till everyone became familiar with the new system. Ultimately , that's what the passport office had to do,\" felt Barasat resident Gautam Mondal.There is also a need for backward linkage of technology. Unless the DIB offices have wide area network or WAN link with the regional passport office, the delay in processing and issue of passport will persist. Hence, a verification that should not stretch beyond a week, takes months to be completed now. And there is no telling where the file will get misplaced in the interim period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12479239", "title": "Love binds all", "text": "Love is an emotion that binds all relationships including the one with GodLife is all about relationships-particularly with God and with those we love. Even the Bible says thatThe Apostle Paul knew of the great love of God and concluded that to know Him and be found in Him was the greatest joy in the world. John the beloved-he talked often of the great love of God, \"Not that we loved God but that He loved us\" (1 John 4:10). The Father expressed His deep love for His Son, \"You are my Son, whom I love; with you I am well pleased\" (Luke 3:22). Paul said in Romans 8:35, \"Who shall separate us from the love of Christ?\" It really is a sacred romance. And when a man or woman gets touched by that love, it changes everything.God placed that same relational stimulus in the hearts of men and women. But somewhere down the line the Mars and Venus became two planets and men and women started residing on them.\"It's all about psychological development,\" says Krishna Muzumdar, a writer. \"Women matured early and lost maturity early as well,\" she quips. Her husband Vishwanath Muzumdar agrees. \"Women, well...most of them, tend to go back to their childhood moment they find the right man to pamper them!\" he says. \"On a more serious note...Love is an emotion that's equally placed in all hearts, but women think with their hearts and men with their heads...sometimes the wrong one too!\" he adds.Love of God, for God, by God; are all hypothetical according to counsellor Deepa Shah. \"It's a feeling taught and imbibed in us by our religious scriptures; that love is a form of God,\" she opines. \"In reality, love is an emotion that goes beyond the realms of sex and relationship. However, one ends up talking and discussing the basic form of love between man and woman most often.\"Sahil Raaste, an IT professional who is also a follower of ISKON thinks that love in its crudest form too is an extension of love for God. \"That's what even Rajneesh told us,\" he says. \"Sex...the making of love...is the medium of samadhi. Which is true. Cause that's one time when we forget everything and are on a level with eternity - orgasmic moment,\" he adds.\"All relationships in this birth are based on our doings of previous birth. We, our souls, choose the body and then the surroundings are based on what our karmic give and take demands! And love is just one aspect of it,\" he goes on.Does that mean that love between man and woman has only one meaning? \"No,\" says Shah. \"In today's world Love has different meanings...meaning that go beyond God and etc. Love between friends , colleagues, cousins is an accepted fact.\"Love may have derived or attained different meanings and the stimuli might have been misplaced, but even today, people see God in love and believe that true love can help attain moksha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12476894", "title": "Yuvraj is 'king' of good food", "text": "LUDHIANA: Yuvraj Sharma got the food genes from his father, who is a complete foodie and loves cooking. And the tantalizing talent was there for all to see when he won the 'Star chef of Punjab' competition in the student category, conducted by tourism of Punjab on March 27.On Friday, he had gone to his college where his excited classmates and lecturers welcomed him heartily and lifted him on their shoulders. Student of Punjab College of Technical Education (PCTE), Yuvraj has been getting calls after calls once the results were announced. He got a trophy, certificate and Rs 25,000 as the reward.Resident of Haibowal, Yuvraj said he made his father Subhash Chander Sharma's recipe in the contest. \"I tried my father's recipe and prepared 'Ludhianvi murg tariwala'. Judges were so impressed that I got first position and got the opportunity to go in the finals,\" added Yuvraj, a 3rd year student of hotel management.\"I read about the competition on the college notice board,\" said 22-year-old Yuvraj. He said on March 22, the semifinal round was conducted in city in which students of all the hotel management colleges of the district participated.On the spot, a basket was given which included various vegetables, fruits and dry fruits and the participants were asked to prepare three type of dishes, including gravy, dry and dessert in 3 hours.He said the competition was tough, as winners of 8 different cities were participating. He ad prepared the same murg wala dish for gravy, Navrattan mix for dry and paneer kheer Ludhianavi for dessert. Apart from this, he also depicted Punjabi culture by displaying charkha, madhani, chaki, and earthen lamps. After the award, the judges told them that the main reason behind his win was the 'murg' dish which he had prepared. Subhash Chander Sharma, a national sales manager in a company, said he is fond of cooking, and his son Yuvraj inherited the skills from him.Hotel management college director Tahir Sufi said students have been given practical training so that they can excel in life. He said he is proud that Yuvraj had made a mark for himself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12476283", "title": "Farmers arrested for Pune violence after seven months", "text": "PUNE: Seven months after police fired at villagers on the Pune-Mumbai expressway killing three of them, 48 farmers summoned on Friday for questioning for their alleged in violence during the incident were arrested, produced in court and sent to jail.The farmers, who assumed that they were being called for routine questioning, were taken aback after the arrest. They have been booked under IPCs several sections like attempt to murder, rioting, criminal conspiracy and damaging public property.Three villagers, including a woman, were killed in the firing near Baur village on the expressway on August 9, 2011 during a protest against the acquisition of land for the implementation of a water pipeline project from the Pavana dam to Pimpri-Chinchwad. Several farmers were also injured.Over 40 policemen, including former SP Sandeep Karnik, were injured in the clashes.Six policemen were suspended for vandalizing vehicles while two police officers suspended for the firing.Ten farmers were arrested soon after the incident. Thirty others got anticipatory bail from a Pune court.ASP Ramnath Pokale said, \"Investigations have revealed that 48 farmers were among the protestors who had pelted stones on the police, damaged and burned several vehicles and staged a rasta roko on the expressway. Their images were caught on camera and the witnesses whose statements were recorded had also revealed their involvement. After collecting all evidence against the farmers, we decided to arrest them.\" Pokale said investigations in the case are in progress. ``The suspects can be arrested any time. There is no time limit for arrests.\"Assistant inspector Rajendra Patil told TOI that they had served notices to 165 farmers from many villages in Maval taluka on Thursday. The notices were served under section 160 of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPc), asking them to appear before the investigating officer for questioning. \"Only 48 farmers, most of them residing in villages near Baur, turned up at the police station. We have identified 200 farmers for their involvement in the violence. The process of arresting the remaining farmers will continue.''Assistant public prosecutor Vijay Kshirsagar said the farmers were sent in magisterial custody as their custodial interrogation was not essential.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12476175", "title": "Two cases of swine flu detected in city", "text": "CHENNAI: Doctors said two patients have tested positive for the H1N1 virus in Chennai, in the first reported cases of swine flu in the state in 18 months. King Institute of Preventive Medicine, Guindy, on Thursday confirmed the contagion in samples taken from the patients.King Institute director (in-charge) P Gunasekaran said the department of virology had found two samples positive for H1N1. The patients have been prescribed Tamiflu (oseltamivir) and domestic quarantine.Maharashtra, Rajasthan and Andhra Pradesh have reported 21 deaths due to H1N1 this year, and Karnataka and Gujarat have reported cases in the past few weeks.State health department officials said there was no cause for alarm, but advised people with symptoms of cold, cough and fever to consult doctors. Chennai Corporation officials visited the patients, whose names have been withheld on request, at their homes. \"One patient travelled to Delhi by air and could have been infected during the journey. But the other did not travel out of Chennai. We are trying to determine how he contracted the infection,\" said city additional health officer G T Thangarajan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "gurdaspur", "code": "12477002", "title": "2-hour curfew relaxation in Gurdaspur", "text": "GURDASPUR: A day after a youth lost his life during police action to ward off a clash between two groups of protesters in Gurdaspur, the situation in the town remained calm, but tense on Friday. Curfew was relaxed for 2 hours from 4.30pm, enabling people to purchase essential commodities.Gurdaspur SSP Varinderpal Singh said the situation was fast returning to normal with pro-Rajoana and anti-Rajoana groups desisting from provoking each other.The body of the victim, Jaspal Singh, was sent to his village, Chour Sidhwan, near Gurdaspur, after postmortem examination. The condition of Ranjit Singh, who was admitted in Guru Nanak Dev Hospital, is stated to be stable.Senior Akali leaders, including Suchha Singh Langah and Sewa Singh Sekhwan, reached Parbodh Chandar Civil Hospital, Gurdaspur, to offer their condolences to the youth's family.The victim's father, Gurcharan Singh, alleged that his son was killed in police firing, and Akali leaders had assured them that stern action would be taken against the cops responsible for the firing. Deputy commissioner MS Kainth said the body of Jaspal had been sent to his village, but the cremation would take place on Saturday once his uncle arrives from abroad.''We are monitoring the situation, there is no tension,'' he said.Meanwhile, Akal Takht Jathedar Giani Gurbachan Singh urged Punjabis to maintain communal harmony and peace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12474340", "title": "Maid locked in hellhole flat with salt, atta", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 13-year-old maid, rescued on Thursday from a Dwarka home where she had been locked up for five days as her employers vacationed in Thailand , has told authorities that although there was food in the house she was warned not to touch it. CCTV cameras had apparently been placed to track her movements.Munni (name changed), who had allegedly starved for the past few days, said she had been left some flour and salt to eat by the doctor couple who lived in the Sector 6, Dwarka house. Some maids working in the housing complex - Hahnemann Apartments - had found the child crying in the balcony, which led to her rescue.\"There was food in the kitchen but before leaving for Bangkok they said the ration had been marked. 'There is also a camera installed in the house. If anything falls short, we will beat you',\" the minor girl recalled her employers as saying, in her statement to a sub-divisional magistrate on Friday.An order passed by the Child Welfare Committee at Nirmal Chhaya complex, where Munni was taken on Friday, said she was beaten up by the couple on petty matters. \"She was pinched, hit with scales and her hair had been pulled out. Half the hair on her head are small and the remaining are uneven,\" it said.Neighbours, Guards Were In The Know Of Teen's Plight; FIR Lodged Against CoupleDesperate courage born of hunger, fear, loneliness and idle time to go over the horrors of seven months in bondage set Munni free on Thursday afternoon. The 13-year-old had been starving for days when she cried out for help from the balcony of her employers' locked Dwarka apartment, exposing what many in the residential society had long suspected.Neighbours, guards and domestic helps, who were hesitant to talk to TOI at first, said Munni had probably faced violent treatment. A guard said he rarely saw the girl outside. \"The one time I saw her, she had burn marks on her cheek.\"One of the domestic helps who heard Munni's cries and called the police said the girl had related her plight from the balcony. \"She told us the couple had left only atta and salt for her to eat while leaving on a vacation; they used to beat her over petty things, claw her, and drag her around by the hair\".As the enfeebled girl pleaded from the balcony, officials and volunteers from the organization Shakti Vahini had a tough time getting her out. Police could not force open the locked door and called the fire department. Finally, Munni was brought down by a fire ladder.On Friday, the girl appeared before the sub-divisional magistrate and the Child Welfare Committee (CWC), which ordered the registration of an FIR against her employers, Dr Sanjay Verma and Dr Sunita Verma. The couple is expected back on Saturday.In her statement to the SDM, the girl said: \"There was food in the kitchen, but while leaving for Bangkok they said the ration had been marked and there was a camera installed in the house to keep a watch. They threatened to beat me if anything fell short.\"The girl also claimed she went hungry during their absence, surviving only on water.A resident of Hahnemann Enclave, from where the case was reported, told TOI on condition of anonymity that the doctor couple was not very sociable.\"They hardly spoke to anyone. I saw the girl only a few times when she was cleaning the house.\" This resident also said the couple changed domestic helps every few months. \"They bring them on contract. The last one had run away.\"*The victim's name has been changedA neighbour said the doctor couple was not sociable and changed domestic helps every few monthsTimes ViewThe allegations against the couple are shocking. If true, their behaviour would be considered inhuman even by medieval standards. They are accused of employing child labour, illegally confining the minor girl, practically starving her and torturing her physically and mentally. The police needs to quickly determine the veracity of the allegations. If proved correct, there must be no leniency. The most serious charge against them is slavery (Section 370 of IPC) which attracts a maximum punishment of seven years' jail. Only the harshest punishment can act as a deterrent for others with similar mindsets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12475713", "title": "Govt transfers 9 IAS, 8 IPS", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh government on Friday transferred nine IAS and eight IPS officers. In addition to this, the government also ordered transfer of 19 PPS and 25 PCS ranked officials. The transfer of Sanjay Agarwal as principal secretary to the chief minister has been cancelled, and he will continue as principal secretary, medical, health, family welfare and medical education. Similarly, SP Goyal's earlier transferred as secretary, secretariat administration, has also been cancelled and now he has been kept in waiting.Rajan Shukla, chairman PACT, who was made secretary infrastructure and industrial development department will continue to work as chairman PACT following cancellation of his transfer. Bhuvanesh Kumar, secretary, Ambedkar gram sabha vikas has been given additional charge of secretary, infrastructure and industrial development department. Rajnish Gupta, secretary, planning has been sent to department of higher education in the same capacity, while Mrityunjay Kumar Narayan, additional CEO and secretary, election department has been posted as commissioner, Meerut division besides being given additional charge of managing director, Pashchimanchal Vidyut Vitran Nigam, Meerut. Pankaj Kumar, who was awaiting posting, is now special secretary, secondary education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12476391", "title": "Rolls Royce registration fetches Rs 20.22 lakh for RTO", "text": "KOCHI: The registration of luxury vehicles has fetched the Ernakulam Regional Transport Office (RTO) a huge amount in the last few months.The Rolls Royce Ghost, imported by Joy Alukkas group from London at a cost of about Rs 2.5 crore, is the latest addition to the luxury vehicle fleet that was registered in the city. The vehicle has fetched the RTO an amount of Rs 20.22 lakh as vehicle tax for 15 years.In the beginning of 2012, the Ernakulam RTO had collected a total of Rs 25.14 in terms of road tax and became the first to collect the highest amount for a four-wheeler and two-wheeler. For the Yamaha YZS R1, that cost him Rs 13.65 lakh, Azrif Rasheed, owner of Oriental Timbers paid a tax of Rs. 75,000, the highest in two-wheeler category.For his Roll Royce Ghost EWB, Dr GPC Nair, chairman of SCMS Group of Educational Institutions, had paid a tax of Rs 24.39 lakh for 15 years. For the vehicle that was imported from United Kingdom for Rs 4.7 crore the insurance premium of Rs 3.15 lakh was paid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12476077", "title": "Letika Saran, city's first woman top cop, retires today", "text": "CHENNAI: After 36 years of chasing criminals and drawing up training modules for police personnel, Letika Saran is looking forward to a peaceful retirement and a garden full of flowers. Saran was the city's first woman police commissioner and DGP (law and order).\"I am going to move to a new house in Uthandi after my retirement. I am going to grow orchids as it is one of my hobbies,\" said the DGP (training) who will retire on Saturday.Addressing the media, Saran said, \"I started my career in 1976 in the police training college and I am now departing from the same wing.\" She cracked jokes about her fellow IPS officers and subordinates, and shared experiences of her early days in the department with them.Though women entered the civil services in Tamil Nadu during the 1950s, Saran and S Thilagavathy were the first women IPS officers in 1976. \"Letika Saran is a role model for all the 33 women IPS officers in the state,\" said DGP (intelligence and law and order in-charge) K Ramanujam.In response to a query, Saran, who joined the service after completing her MSc, said, \"I don't have plans to write an autobiography after my retirement.\"She said she recommended including training on the right to information act, fake currency, explosives, child sexual abuse and human trafficking for police personnel. Saran, who is from Idukki in Kerala, was in the news after another DGP-level officer challenged her appointment as DGP (law and order) in the earlier DMK regime.After Saran's retirement, DGP (intelligence) K Ramanujam is expected to be made DGP law and order. There are four ADGPs - Archana Ramasundaram, Anoop Jaiswal, Narinderpal Singh and K Muthukaruppan - waiting to be promoted as DGPs, and one of them is likely to take over as DGP training.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "12476499", "title": "Chasi Muliya Adivasi Sangh supremo denies Maoist links", "text": "KORAPUT: The Chasi Muliya Adivasi Sangh (CMAS), which according to the state government is a Maoist-backed organization, has denied any links with the extremists. The CMAS also refuted having played any role in the abduction of BJD's Laxmipur tribal MLA Jhina Hikaka.The clarification came from none other than CMAS president Nachika Linga in a rare appearance at a public meeting at Tentulipadar, about 15 km from Narayanpatna, on Thursday. \"Though the Maoists support us in our fight for getting back tribal lands from non-tribals and our anti-liquor campaign, we have no links with them,\" the CMAS president said at the meeting attended by over 1,000 supporters. \"We are fighting for our legitimate demands and to release our activists who are in jail under false charges. We do not have any information about the abduction of the MLA, nor are we involved in it. We are wrongfully branded as Maoists,\" Linga stressed.After the panchayat polls, the CMAS is said to have entered into a pact with the BJD to support it in the zilla parishad in Koraput district. The state government's latest White Paper tabled in the Assembly, however, describes 'CMAS (Nachika Linga faction)' as an outfit of the outlawed CPI (Maoist). Nachika Linga also appears in the most wanted list of the police and has been on the run since November 2009 to avoid arrest.Linga has been in hiding and seldom appears at public meetings of CMAS. He is suspected to be under protection of Maoists in the jungles. A few months ago, police had put up posters seeking information for his arrest.At Thursday's meeting, Linga stopped short of condemning Maoists for kidnapping the MLA. He instead posed a question to politicians and others for expressing anxiety over the MLA's abduction when they were silent over police atrocities on CMAS supporters. The Maoists in their recent letter had posed the same question.Meanwhile, in a pre-dawn offensive the Maoists torched a jeep and a motorcycle used for transporting country-made liquor in the district's Bandhugaon area on Friday. The Red rebels assaulted the liquor trader accompanying the vehicle, but did not harm him. According to sources, around 3 am a group of armed rebels waylaid the jeep in which the liquor was transported from Almonda to Bandhugaon near Katulpeta and asked the driver to come out prior to putting the vehicle on fire.\"The liquor trader who was accompanying the vehicle in a motorcycle carrying molasses was assaulted by the group of Naxlas and was freed with a warning not to do liquor business in the area,\" a source at Bandhugaon said.The Srikakulam-Jhanjabati-Comorada division of the outlawed CPI (Maoist) involved in the offensive has left few hand-written posters at the crime spot has urged for stoppage of liquor trade in the area or else has warned of dire consequences for the liquor traders.The Maoist backed Chasi Muliya Adinonvasi Sangh been opposing the sale of liquor in Narayanpatna and Bandhugaon areas for past few years alleging that liquor ruins the tribals life.In a separate incident, Maoist posters were spotted at Dangarbheja in Nabarangpur district on Friday. Through the posters the Mainpur division of the Maoists has demanded for halt of the operation Green Hunt and has rged people to join Naxal organization for a better India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12474699", "title": "Muttemwar wants World Tiger Capital status for city", "text": "NAGPUR: MP Vilas Muttemwar now wants the city to be named as World Tiger Capital. He made a forceful plea to union environment and forest minister, Jayanti Natarajan when they met on Friday. The state government has recently given the city the status of Tiger Capital of India.\"Nagpur has immense potential to emerge as gateway for ecotourism at the international level. There are 7 premier tiger sanctuaries around the city which are home to around 300 tigers in the wild. Tadoba, Bor, Nagzira-Navegaon, Pench, Melghat, Tipeshwar are located within 70 to 150 kms from Nagpur airport. Two other rich wildlife reserves of Kanha and Badhavgarh located in neighbouring Madhya Pradesh are also easily accessible from the city,\" Muttemwar said in a letter written to Natrajan on March 26.According to him, if properly promoted, the city can emerge as a tourist destination for the global tiger and wildlife lovers.\"This will also help in making safe home for tigers in central Indian landscape for future generations. The strategic location of the city can thus be utilized to generate economic activity, employment to local tribals, tour operators and allied sectors,\" Muttemwar told TOI from New Delhi after the meeting.\"Even if 1/10th of the 8 million foreign tourists who visit India annually are drawn by tiger tourism to Nagpur-Vidarbha, it will bring economic development to the backward region,\" the MP said in his letter.During the meeting, Muttemwar also made a forceful plea for release of Rs 100 crore from the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) for urgent relocation and rehabilitation of villagers living in core areas of Tadoba, Melghat, Tipehswar, Pench and Navegaon. Stating that poaching has assumed alarming proportions and seven tigers have been killed in the last three months in the region, he sought concrete measures for protecting tigers.Referring to recent fire in Tadoba reserve that destroyed 2,000 hectares of forest and disturbing tiger habitats, he stressed on the need to establish two battalions of special tiger protection force at Tadoba and Pench.He has urged the minister to sanction funds through NTCA to set up the special force which could employ 200 local youths.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12477739", "title": "Briton who was crippled during 26/11 attack sues Taj Mahal Palace Hotel", "text": "LONDON: Will Pike, a London based survivor of the Mumbai terror attacks that left him crippled for life after falling 50 feet from his bedroom window , has sued Mumbai's Taj Mahal Palace Hotel for \"failing\" to provide guests with adequate security.Proceedings have been started in the high court here and a notice was served last week on the London base of the Indian Hotels Company Limited (IHCL), which owns the Taj Hotel. Pike's lawyer Russell Levy told PTI on Friday that the case involves a \"very substantial sum\" , which is necessary to ensure that Pike is properly looked after for the rest of his life, including a specially adapted residence and special therapies.Pike was in the hotel with his former girlfriend Kelly Doyle when the terrorists attacked the hotel.IHCL, he said, has a considerable presence in England, which makes it easy to deal with the case here rather than in India.When asked to comment, a company spokesperson said they did not want to comment on it as the matter is sub judice.'Taj not adequately protected'British national Will Pike has sued the Taj hotel in Mumbai for the 26/11 attack that left him crippled. His lawyer Russell Levy said: \"We are proceeding with legal action in England after our request for a meeting with the hotel owners was refused. They have instead suggested that Pike return to India to pursue legal action and threatened to seek to recover legal costs from him and Doyle.\"Pike's spinal cord was injured when he fell from his room window, and since then has only limited sensation and functionality below the waist. He is confined to a wheelchair. Pike, 32, an advertising copywriter who is unlikely to be able to walk again, launched a campaign to ensure that British victims of terrorism abroad secure the same level of government compensation as victims of such acts in the UK. The policy was changed in January to benefit such victims of terrorism abroad.Levy, from the legal company Leigh Day &amp; Co, said the case was \"not being brought out of vengeance or retribution\" , but it was his view as well as those of experts that the Taj Hotel was not adequately protected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12476289", "title": "Plans afoot for fair water supply", "text": "MANGALORE: With corporation authorities opening two bottom valves of MRPL weir, the water level at the Thumbe vented dam, the major source of drinking water to the city, is rising. On Friday, the water level at the low lift pumping station stood at 9.5 ft as against 8.7 ft recorded on Thursday recording an increase of 10 inches.Meanwhile, corporation authorities have decided to change the timings of water supply from eight hours to 12 hours on alternative days after many upper reaches of the city experienced water shortage. Pumping station personnel said though water was being pumped for eight hours till Thursday, the water pressure dropped as many houses have sumps. \"By the time pressure builds to take water supply to the higher areas after sumps are filled, the pumping stops,'' a source said.Some areas are now being supplied water through tankers. Also, gate valves are being put at many places so that equal distribution of water is done. The gate valves are used typically in areas of high undulation to shut water to one area and supply to the other. Assistant executive engineer (water supply) K S Linge Gowda said water rationing plans were being drawn up every hour depending upon the water level at Thumbe, so that all residents get water. As of now only 86 MLD is being supplied to the whole city as against double the quantity in normal times.On the other hand, MRPL authorities said their situation was also precarious as far as refinery operations were concerned. The plant has five days storage required for safety operations and mitigate emergency as tonnes of hydrocarbons and naptha are lying in the 120 storage tanks. MRPL needs 20 MLD to conduct bare minimum plant operations barring the township. \"If MCC had addressed the leak at Thumbe dam, due to which 20 MLD is being lost per day (it is being reverse pumped now), situation could have been better,'' said MRPL official. He stressed that MRPL had repaired the dam four times.The weir storage, if MRPL draws water at 20 MLD (now allowed to draw half the quantity by MCC) and lets out equal amount of water to Thumbe simultaneously, the storage may barely sufficient for a fortnight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12476266", "title": "Free birth certificates to first borns of BPL family", "text": "MANGALORE: It is BJP's baby that the Congress is forced to rear. A faux pas by BJP corporator Roopa Bangera which catapulted Gulzaar Banu of the Congress to the post of mayor during the elections held on March 7 meant that Banu created a history of sorts by presenting a budget prepared by the BJP for Mangalore City Corporation.Hectic parleys between Congress and BJP on Thursday to ensure smooth conduct of budget estimates crumbled within minutes of the council meeting started here on Friday. The arrangement was that a member of the BJP nominated by the mayor would present the budget. However, the BJP members reportedly came in with a plan of their own, which was clearly to derail the presentation of the budget by creating chaos. They succeeded to a large extent.The broad contours of the budget, prepared with an eye on the next year's elections to the 60-member council, envisages setting up of 'Nagara Mitra' centres to give information to citizens' on works undertaken by various departments of the city corporation. The budget also has set aside Rs 3 crore for a new vented dam. KUWSDB is overseeing this project.First born child in BPL family will get birth certificates for free and also a baby kit under scheme 'Mangaluru Mahanagara Palikege Hardika Swagatha'.MCC has set aside Rs 5 lakh to create awareness among students on the need to use water judiciously. A sum of Rs 10 crore has been set aside to repay loans and principal amount obtained from ADB for improving city's basic amenities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12480714", "title": "Two held for robbery", "text": "PUNE: The Chatushrungi police have arrested two youths for allegedly robbing an employee of a garment shop of his cash and automated teller machine (ATM) cards all totalling to Rs 1,800.The suspects have been identified as Rohit Shankar Jadhav (19) of Janawadi and Nikhil Ravindra Bamne (19) of Wadarwadi. A complaint in this regard has been lodged by Pritam Raju Bage (23) of Somwar Peth. The police team laid by senior police inspector of the Chatushrungi police station Ajay Kadam has made the arrests.Inspector Kadam told TOI that the incident took place around two weeks back. The complainant Bage is working in a garment shop in the city. He was returning home after finishing his work. \"When he came near Wadarwadi area, the duo had stopped him and had thrashed him severely. They also had snatched Rs 1,800 and two ATM cards from Bage,\" Kadam said.Kadam added that before Bage could raised an alarm for help, the duo fled from the spot. \"Bage then lodged the complaint and also had given detailed description about the suspects,\" Kadam said. Kadam said that assistant police inspector S B Javale and police constable Altaf Shaikh traced the duo on the basis of the description given by the complainant and arrested them. \"We have recovered two ATM cards and Rs 750 from the duo. We are investigating, whether the duo was involved in more such robberies,\" Kadam said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12474618", "title": "Rajamouli is a great actor: Nani", "text": "Actor Nani singled out director Rajamouli for special praise at the music launch of their much awaited animation extravaganza, Eega. Apparently, the maverick director is a pretty good actor himself. \"We hear a lot about Rajamouli, the master director, but not many people know that he is a fantastic actor as well. He enacts every scene in the film and watching him perform is quite intimidating, he is just brilliant. If I manage to match up to at least 10% of it, I would have done a great job. I think he has done all the actors a favor by choosing to become a director,\" he said. He did not stop at that and went on to call him a \"one man army\". \"He is a director, technician, stunt master and choreographer, all rolled into one. It is privilege to work with. I initially felt a little sad about getting only a small role in the movie, but in hindsight I am glad to have got a small part in this incredible film. I think it is going to be a historic movie,\" said Nani.His co-star Samantha also joined in saying, \"Watching Rajamouli work is just incredible. His dedication for work and humility is something worth emulating. Working on this film with Rajamouli and his family has been a unforgettable experience for me.\"The music launch was a grand affair attended by a galaxy of Tollywood stars. NTR, Nagarjuna, Venkatesh, Rana, Sunil, Sudeep, Dasari Narayana Rao , Rama Naidu, Suresh Babu, Samantha, Keeravani, Ganam Gungaraju and Shyam Prasad Reddy. MM Keeravani has composed the music for the movie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12474261", "title": "Ditched by husband, woman kills daughter", "text": "NEW DELHI: A woman strangled her 9-year-old daughter on Thursday evening, police said. The incident was reported from Jyoti Nagar of northeast Delhi. The accused, identified as Shabana (25), has been arrested and a case of murder registered.Shabana and Aneesh got married around two years ago. The couple separated around two weeks back and since then, Shabana had been living with her parents, police said.According to sources, Shabana might have been depression or outraged after her husband abandoned her. Aneesh had asked for a divorce recently.Shabana's mother, Quraisha (55), witnessed the horrific crime and it was her who informed the police.According to Quraisha, she was washing clothes on the first floor of her house while Shabana was sleeping with her daughter in another room. She heard the child cry out loud and thought that it was probably out of hunger. When the cries continued, she intervened and asked Shabana to feed the child.At this Shabana got angry and started strangling her daughter. Before Quraisha could react, the child had lost conscious. The girl was rushed to a nearby hospital but she was declared brought dead. Shabana was arrested by cops later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "12479637", "title": "Man gets 10 years imprisonment for killing wife", "text": "GHAZIABAD: A man was sentenced to 10 years imprisonment while his mother, sister and brother were awarded seven years jail by a local court for burning alive his wife for dowry.Additional session judge A K Gupta held the victim's husband, Neeraj, mother-in-law, sister-in-law and brother-in-law guilty of killing her in 2007 for dowry.The court also slapped a fine of Rs 5,000 each on the convicts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12471982", "title": "Saif is a very cultured man: Shahbaz Khan", "text": "Actor Shahbaz Khan doesn't want too much work that will make him miss being with his darling daughtersLoving the pastHe has donned numerous avatars in his stints on television and the silver screen. But the role he thinks he fits best are those in which he plays eminent poets on stage.\"Perhaps it's because of a deep rooted ense of culture and traditions imbibed by me from my father late Ustad Amir Khan.\"Shahbaz, who was in Lucknow recently to perform his play \"Amir Khusro\" believes that Khusro, as a person and a writer, was the soul of Avadhi history and culture. \"It's a matter of honour for me that I have been essaying the character of such an eminent Sufi saint. Khusro has always inspired writers and historians. My Father Ustad Amir Khan sahab was immensely inspired by him.\"Ghar ek mandirThe actor who is planning to screen his play \"Naya Shivala\" based on the life of famous Urdu poet Allama Iqbal, is of the opinion that doing theatre, television and movies simultaneously is a tough job. He says, \"Time bada kam hota hai aur bahut saari cheezein karni hoti hai. Jab tak zinda hain kaam karna hai.\" But whatever the work pressures may be, Shahbaz believes that home is the only place where one can completely relax. Says he, \"Mine was a typical muslim arranged marriage with Ruhana (his wife). I have two lovely daughters Shahana and Shanaya.They are the ones who always make me smile. And that's why I don't like to take on too much work because I want to spend as much time as possible with my daughters and not miss out on their growing up.\"An Agent of SaifPlaying the character of Huzefa Lokha in the film \" Agent Vinod \", Shahbaz Khan is more than impressed with his co-actor and producer Saif Ali Khan . He says, \"Saif is undoubtedly a full fledged actor. He is like the James Bond of the Indian film industry. But if you ask me to rate him out of ten, I will give him eight. And the reason is because he still has a long way to go.\" Asking for his take on the recent controversy where Saif allegedly punched an NRI businessman leaving him with a broken nose, Shahbaz says, \"Nothing like this happened. It's all negative publicity. I have never seen him loose his cool. Saif is a very cultured man. He is far from any of these publicity gimmics. And I thank God that this negative PR couldn't harm the movie and it is doing well. And hopefully, we might even see the sequel of \"Agent Vinod\" if all goes well.\"Mohd Salman Khan", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12477129", "title": "Quota likely for private universities", "text": "MUMBAI: The bill that will allow private universities in the state is likely to be revised and reservations introduced.The draft of the Maharashtra Self Financed Universities (Establishment &amp; Regulation) Bill was recently approved by the state cabinet and is currently with the governor for his approval. But sources said several delegations which met governor K Sankarnarayanan insisted that reservation must be included so that \"social equity\" is maintained in private universities.Sources added the governor will soon send the bill back to the cabinet for a revision. Eighteen Indian states have allowed the private sector to set up universities. There are 94 private universities across the country and most have some seats set aside for backward category students. The draft prepared by Maharashtra had stated that the university must not deny admission to meritorious need-based students.\"Now, we will introduce reservations as the governor is not fully convinced and wants some seats set aside for backward students. There won't be full 52% reservation, but it will be there to some extent. The percentage is yet to be decided,\" added a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "balasore", "code": "12479559", "title": "10-yr jail for man who forced fatal illegal abortion", "text": "BALASORE: A local court has sentenced a man to 10 years' rigorous imprisonment for carrying out illegal abortion of his wife leading to her death.Pronouncing the judgement, additional district sessions judge of fast-track court, Balasore, R K Sahu yesterday also slapped a fine of Rs 5,000 on convict Kanhucharan Jena of Anantapur under Soro police station.The prosecution said Jena had forced his wife Subasini Moharana to undergo abortion in 1999 even after six months of pregnancy.In another case, a former ASI of police was sentenced to three years RI along with Rs 10,000 fine and in default of payment four months more by the special vigilance court here yesterday.Convict Bibhutibhusan Nayak was caught while taking a bribe of Rs 4,000 from one person to drop a case against him in 2001 when the former was posted in Bhandraripokhari police station in Bhadrak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12475100", "title": "Former TOI editor Tushar Bhatt passes away", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Veteran journalist and former editor of The Times of India, Tushar Bhatt, 71, passed away on Friday. He is survived by his mother, wife, a son and a daughter.Chief minister Narendra Modi has condoled the demise of the veteran journalist. \"Bhatt had a deep understanding of Gujarat's growth and its problems. In his passing away, Gujarat has lost an expert journalist\", message from the CM said.Family members said that Bhatt's funeral will be held on Saturday. During his 50-year-long stint as a journalist, Bhatt was associated with The Hindu, The Economic Times (Editor), and The Times Of India (Resident Editor) among others. \"Sketches in the sand' and `Reti ma Rekhachitro' are the collections of his articles published in the column `Random Notes'. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12475572", "title": "Kazmi seeks bail, hearing today", "text": "NEW DELHI: Journalist Syed Mohammed Ahmad Kazmi, arrested for his alleged role in the February 13 bomb attack on an Israeli embassy car in the city, appealed for bail on Friday. The bail plea, filed in the court of chief metropolitan magistrate Vinod Yadav, will be heard on Saturday.Kazmi sought bail on the ground that when he was sent to judicial custody, police had told the court that his questioning was complete. Kazmi said he was sent to judicial custody even before his police custody got over on March 27 as the interrogation was over.Earlier, Kazmi had alleged that police were harassing him in custody to \"confess a crime he never committed\" and that \"foreign agencies like Mossad were also interrogating him\".The court then asked the special cell not to permit other agencies to interrogate him but imposed no bar on sharing information with them.Kazmi, a freelance journalist who used to write for an Iranian publication, was picked up by the special cell after the probe indicated that he had been in touch with a suspect who is believed to have stuck the bomb on Israeli diplomat Tal Yehoshua Koren's car.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12476011", "title": "Ramajayam's funeral passes off peacefully", "text": "TRICHY: As the body of K N Ramajayam, the slain brother of DMK leader K N Nehru was cremated here on Friday, there were no clues about the identity of the killers. There was tension in the air as a 5000-strong funeral procession comprising Union ministers, senior DMK leaders and party workers was taken out from Ramajayam's Thillai Nagar residence under heavy police escort. In Chennai, the DMK demanded a CBI inquiry into the heinous murder.Union ministers MK Alagiri, D Napoleon and SS Palanimanickam , MPs Dayanidhi Maran , TR Baalu, and Trichy Siva and former speaker R Aavudaiyappan participated in the funeral procession that started out at 10am. According to sources, the procession was earlier scheduled to begin by 11am but it was advanced due to some reasons. The procession moved at a snail's pace through Thillai Nagar main road, Maris Theatre road, main guard gate, Chatram bus stand, Pattavarthi road and reached Oyaamaari cremation ground after an hour-long journey.Most commercial establishments on the stretch remained closed till Friday afternoon, taking into account the few incidents of violence that took place on Thursday. Schools and colleges in the city which had been declared closed on Thursday, remained closed on Friday also. Earlier the DMK MP Kanimozhi, former ministers Veerapandi Arumugam, Ponmudi, EV Velu, Poongothai and all the local functionaries and cadres of the DMK party paid homage to Ramajayam at his residence. Former union minister Anbumani Ramadoss of the Pattali Makkal Katchi (PMK), K Veeramani of the Dravida Kazhagam (DK), orator Dindigul I Leoni also paid their last respects at his residence. After the DMK's attempts to raise Ramajayam murder issue were not allowed by Speaker D Jayakumar, members, led by M K Stalin, staged a walkout. Speaking to reporters outside the assembly hall, Stalin demanded a CBI inquiry into the murder, which he suspected was politically motivated.Police commissioner Shailendra Kumar Yadav has set up a 24-hour special line 0431-2331414 and requested the general public to give any information pertaining to the killing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12476981", "title": "Boatmen\u2019s strike hits Sunderbans patrolling", "text": "KOLKATA: Sunderbans have been left unguarded for the last 48 hours, thanks to a boatmen's strike. Around 36 motorized vessels, which keep a vigil in the 4,500 sq km tiger reserve area and its fringes, have gone off the waters since March 29. The reason: they have been thrown out of their jobs and their payments suspended from April by the forest department, that will now call a tender for the appointment of boatmen. The unprecedented strike has left conservationists alarmed and led to fears of poaching which has often been reported from the forest in recent years.The trouble started early this year when the forest department issued an order asking the existing boatmen to respond to a tender to continue in their service. They will not be allowed to ply or receive monthly payments till a fresh batch of boatmen is appointed through the tenders, it said. Taken aback, the boatmen first sought a reversal of the decision, which, they fear will throw many of them out of their jobs. They then sought an extension of their service period which was turned down.\"We have been plying boats in the Sunderbans for over 20 years. It is a round-the-clock job which involves a great deal of risk too. We are as much concerned about conservation as the forest officials are. But it seems the authorities are planning to throw us out of service. Many have invested their entire savings and even borrowed money to invest in boats. This move will make us starve,\" said Asit Mridha, secretary of the Sunderban Boat Samity. More than 100 boatmen and labourers are engaged in running the boats.Conservationists and experts felt this could jeopardize security in the Sunderbans. \"The bigger threat, of course, is to the wild life. Patrolling is essential to keep poachers at bay. Without the patrolling boats, poachers will have a free run. It has happened in the past as well. Four years ago, poachers had sneaked in taking advantage of a lax vigil during the pujas,\" said Pranabesh Sanyal, former director of the Sunderban Tiger Reserve.Anurag Danda, head of WWF's Sunderban operations, termed patrolling as \"the key to conservation\" in the mangrove forest.The forest department claimed that alternative arrangements have been made to continue vigil. \"We have not left the forest unguarded. Boats have been arranged to continue vigil. The strike will be called off soon,\" said Subrat Mukherjee, field director of the Sunderban Tiger Reserve. Sources, however, revealed that vigil has been withdrawn since March 29.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "12476290", "title": "Parrikar\u2019s arrival in port town eagerly awaited", "text": "VASCO: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar's \"promised\" visit to Vasco next week has the local MLA keenly anticipating a spate of development works in the port town. Carlos Almeida told TOI, \"The CM has promised that he will be here next week to discuss the development of the city.\"The former municipal councillor has planned a host of development works, promised in his manifesto, that he said he drew up after talking to officials concerned. He hopes Parrikar will convert these into actualities.Priorities for the port town, said Almeida, include underground cabling and continuous water supply, especially to residents of Sada.Among \"bigger projects\" are the modernization of the Vasco KTC bus stand and the tarring of the road from the airport to St Andrew's Church. \"We hope to give the road a single coat of tar before the monsoon and three-layer tarring after the rains,\" Almeida said.The completion of the Ravindra Bhavan and the beautification of Baina beach are also planned. \"There is hardly anything for tourists in Vasco. When we have such a beautiful beach, why not beautify it, set up shacks and water sports activities and gain revenue?\" he asked.The Chicalim Cottage Hospital too is in need of upgradation. Dr Vikas Kuvelkar, health officer, Vasco, told TOI, \"I have requested the MLA to appoint an orthopedic surgeon, a pediatrician and a cardiologist, and to get a CT scan machine as soon as possible,\" said Kuvelkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12478761", "title": "Indian BTech degrees may be recognised abroad", "text": "NEW DELHI: BTech graduates from India might be smiling their way to jobs and postgraduate degrees abroad from 2013 if India's bid to join the elite Washington Accord for international accreditation is accepted.According to the accord, graduates of programmes accredited by any of the signatory bodies will be recognised by other members as having met academic requirements for entry to engineering courses. There are plans to bring undergraduate engineering degrees from India on par with those of the US, UK, Australia, Canada, Singapore, Japan, New Zealand, South Africa and six other nations, thus easing mobility for graduate engineers.The National Board of Accreditation, under the aegis of All India Council for Technical Education, plans to bid for a permanent member status of the Washington Accord in June 2013. India was granted the provisional member status in 2007.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12477151", "title": "Shehla Masood Murder: Tabish sent to jail", "text": "INDORE: The Special CBI magistrate Dr Shubhra Singh send Tabish Khan, the accused in Shehla Masood murder case, in judicial remand till April 11. Tabish was produced in the court of special CBI magistrate on Friday.The court also gave Tabish 48 hours to make up his mind to give consent for his statement under section 164 of Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC).Tabish, the cousin of another accused Saqib Ali 'Danger' was arrested from Kanpur. He is alleged to have shot dead Shehla Masood in her car outside her home in Koh-e-Fiza on August 16 last.Zaheda Parvez, the prime accused has already recorded her confession under section 164 CrPC, while her friend and co-accused Saba Farooqui has refused to do so. Zaheda, Saba and Saqib have been sent to judicial custody till April 3.RTI activist Masood (32) was shot dead outside her Bhopal residence on August 16, 2011. The CBI is investigating the case.Meanwhile, the district jail sources informed the CBI has collected the voice samples of Zaheda and Saba in the presence of experts and witnesses. The court had asked the accused to give their voice samples for investigation on March 26, when they were produced before the Special CBI Court judge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12475790", "title": "Oshiwara victim still critical", "text": "MUMBAI: The condition of National Award winning animator Charu Khandal, who sustained serious injuries after an apparently drunk driver rammed his car into the auto she was travelling in, has shown improvement but is still critical. The 26-year-old underwent a four-hour spine surgery at Kokilaben Dhirubhai Ambani Hospital on Thursday.Charu's fiance Sagar Thackar said, \"She is slighty better and her breathing is improving, but there's still no sensation in her body. Doctors have told us that it will take a while.\"Charu was under sedation till Friday evening. \"As she comes to, we will gauge her condition and decide further plan of action,\" said Dr Ram Narain, executive director of the hospital.Charu was in the autorickshaw with her friend Vikrant Goyal and sister Ritu when a speeding Honda City rammed into the vehicle.Vikrant, who underwent a surgery on Tuesday, will have to be operated upon again on Saturday. Dr Narain said, \"Vikrant will undergo a revision surgery for further stabilizations to his fractured vertebrae.\" According to doctors, Vikrant has shown some improvement in his leg following the first surgery.Sagar has not been able to meet the cops yet. \"I wonder why reports from a Goregaon hospital are being flashed in the media when the accused was taken to Cooper hospital for test. I want to see the blood report.''Charu's friends will hold a candle-light march in Jaipur on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12475554", "title": "Woman kills self over dowry harassment", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 28-year-old woman committed suicide by consuming cow dung powder at Rathinapuri in the city on Thursday.Police said J Malarvizhi (28), of Edayarpalayam, had married S Ananthakumar alias Dinakaran (31) of Thillai Nagar in Rathinapuri, six months ago.Her parents gave 44 sovereigns of gold jewels and Rs 55,000 as dowry. But Ananthakumar's family had demanded 50 sovereigns of gold jewels and Rs one lakh from Malarvizhi's family.Ananthakumar owned a grocery shop at Rathinapuri. Malarvizhi lived with her mother-in-law S Pushpammal (55) and father-in-law P Senthurpandian (66). Malarvizhi was tortured and abused by her husband and in-laws, police said.Unable to bear the torture, Malarvizhi took the extreme step. \"Malarvizhi's husband and his parents have been arrested. The RDO is conducting further inquiry,\" said inspector M Manickam, all-women police station, Kattoor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "gurdev nagar", "code": "12476896", "title": "Pallavi prescribes music therapy for ailing", "text": "GURDEV NAGAR: Pallavi Nagpal, 32, too, firmly believes in it. A resident of Gurdev Nagar, Pallavi is nowadays using her passion for music to cure others. ''Music is my life. I started singing when I was four-year-old. Since then, there has hardly been a school or a family function where I did not sing,'' she beamed. So, what made her look for healing powers in notes? ''Music can cure various diseases, including cancer. Then US Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords had lost her speech in an accident. She got her voice back with music therapy. Her case is a testimony to the strength of this therapy. With full faith in its powers, I pursued a certified course from Kalavardhan Academy in Jabalpur, Madhya Pradesh... today, I am the first music therapist of the state. I am also associated with American Music Therapist Association,'' she smiled.She started taking a professional training in her passion when she was eight. At present, she is pursuing masters in music from Guru Nanak Dev University. She has also learned Hindustani classical vocal music from Gandharva Maha Vidyalaya, Mumbai. From youth festival to national-level contest, she has given many performances and won several awards. ''I have been singing folk songs in Marathi, Konkani, Tamil, Dogri and Assamese, though I do not know any of these languages,'' she added.These days, she is providing music therapy to her aunt, who is suffering from tinnitus. ''I took up her case after doctors failed to cure her. I am also treating an eight-year-old child suffering from a neurological disorder,'' she said. About her aim, she said, ''I want to cure every ailing needy person with my sweet notes.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12468399", "title": "Watch the Mirchi Music Awards tonight on television", "text": "Tonight's the night when you can catch the Royal Stag Mirchi Music Awards 2011, the most prestigious music awards in the country, on your television sets.Catch Sonu Nigam paying tribute to the legends who passed away in the year gone by. Also, you simply can't miss Saif's first televised live performance with Parikrama.Royal Stag Mirchi Music Awards are powered by Santoor in association with Airtel, Pan Parag, Centrefruit and insurance partner LIC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12475459", "title": "Jewellers call for statewide bandh", "text": "JAIPUR: The Sarafa Traders Committee of Jaipur called for a state-wide strike on Saturday against the proposed hike in customs duty on gold and levying of 1% excise on non-branded jewellery in the Union budget.\"Even after holding peaceful protests for the past 14 days, the government has not rolled back the proposals. Now, we are forced to call a state bandh, and have received support from various other business organisations,\" said Kailash Mittal, committee's honorary secretary.The traders had held a demonstration at Badi Chaupar, and took out a huge rally on Thursday to protest against the move. The ongoing strike has hit the gems and jewellery trade with losses running into crores.A delegation had also met the chief minister and asked him to intervene in the matter. \"The CM assured us that he will talk to the Union government. We also met state finance minister Namo Narain Meena and other MPs. Even Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee had agreed that traders will face trouble due to the hike in duty. However, nothing has been done for us,\" said Mittal.Traders, however, have apologised for the inconvenience caused to customers due to the fortnight-long strike, and assured the bandh will be peaceful. Essential services will not be disrupted.The issue was also raised by the Opposition during the Zero Hour in the assembly. The BJP demanded that Ashok Gehlot make a formal representation to the finance minister on the lines of CMs of West Bengal , Gujarat and Uttar Pradesh to withdraw the proposed hike in customs duty and excise.BJP MLA Kalicharan Saraf, who raised the debate, said that in Jaipur alone over 5 lakh families are into this business, of these 2 lakh work as labourers. \"Since the strike, the industry has suffered a loss of over Rs 3,000 crore,\" said Saraf.The use of force against some traders during Thursday's rally was also criticized. \"It is unfortunate that police used force on the traders who were peacefully conducting 'sadh-budhi yagya' at Manak Chowk. Four traders were injured in the incident,\" said senior BJP MLA Gulab Chand Kataria in support of Saraf's demand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "12475540", "title": "'Can't respect Parliament that harbours criminal MPs'", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Team Anna member, Arvind Kejriwal , hit back at the privilege notice served on him for 'insulting Parliament' in Ghaziabad on Friday saying that he can't respect the institution which harbours 162 MPs with criminal backgrounds. He argued that all parties have an equal hand in bringing Parliament to disrepute.Kejriwal alleged that the current situation in Parliament was a direct consequence of various parties bringing in politicians with criminal antecedents into the system. \"There was a time when Lal Bahadur Shastri resigned from the post of railway minister after a train accident. I would sacrifice anything to have such a Parliament today. How can one respect the one that we have today?\" he said.\"In 2009, Congress had 117 members with criminal antecedents who got poll tickets. Out of these, 44 were elected to Parliament. BJP had 116 such candidates, out which 44 were chosen. All major parties gave tickets to individuals with criminal backgrounds and out of them there are many who have serious charges levied against them,\" he wrote in his reply to the Rajya Sabha and Lok Sabha secretariats.Kejriwal also alleged that a number of political parties inducted industrialists without any background in public service. \"They enter Parliament for their own business interests. If this is not misuse and insult of Parliament, then what is?\" he asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12476751", "title": "Top health department official to probe Darbhanga Medical College Hospital purchase", "text": "PATNA: Principal secretary, health department, Amarjeet Sinha would probe the purchase of catheter and intra-cath during four fiscals beginning 2007-08 made by the Darbhanga Medical College Hospital (DMCH), and also ascertain if any irregularity has been committed in the process.The health department, in the meantime, would shift to some other place storekeeper-cum-medical officer at DMCH Ghanshyam Jha, serving the medical college hospital in that capacity for over a decade. His shifting was required to facilitate unencumbered inquiry into the allegations of irregularities regarding the purchase. The allegations were made on the floor of the state assembly on Friday by BJP member of the House from Darbhanga Sanjay Sarawagi, who also said that evidence was being tampered to short circuit the probe earlier ordered into other matters of DMCH.Speaker Uday Narayan Choudhary asked health minister Ashwini Kumar Choubey to get the alleged irregularities probed by any senior official, even as Sarawagi was insisting on probe by the vigilance department, or the DGP, or even by the development commissioner. The minister said that he would get it probed by the health department principal secretary, since it has not yet been established that any economic crime has been committed, nor has any first information report (FIR) lodged in this connection. He added that Sinha would complete the probe and submit his report within a month. Choudhary also asked Choubey to shift the storekeeper to some other place or work to facilitate proper probe and prevent tampering of evidence, if any.Earlier, Sarawagi, through a short-notice question, sought to know from the minister the number of catheters and intra-caths purchased at DMCH, and then, after the minister had given the details, he maintained that the purchases, in fact, were made only on paper, and in the process, pointed out that irregularities have been committed on a largescale.Giving the government's reply to the question, Choubey said that 20,000 catheters were purchased during 2007-08, 39,300 during 2008-09, and 7,000 during 2010-11.Similarly, 1.60 lakh intra-caths were purchased in 2007-08, 1.60 lakh in 2008-09, 1.30 lakh in 2009-10 and 2.24 lakh in 2010-11. As to the number of patients admitted to the DMCH during the period, he said that the number of patients was 32,778 in 2007-08, 34,479 in 2008-09, 29,871 in 2009-10 and 33,356 in 2010-11.Taking the leaf from there, Sarawagi, through his supplementary questions, said that catheters were used by only five to seven percent of patients, and an intra-cath applied on a patient lasts for around seven days, implying that the number of catheters and intra-caths purchased were not in proportion to the annual intake of patients at the DMCH, as the normal life of a catheter and intra-cath is of five years.Subsequently, as the minister took on supplementary questions from Sarawagi and senior Congress member of the House Sadanand Singh, the atmosphere got slightly surcharged inviting censure from the Speaker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12481882", "title": "The middle path of middle class India", "text": "Anna Hazare is back. It is a reminder that the fight against corruption perhaps is not almost impossible task against an almost invincible enemy. Credit the protest headed by Anna for reaffirming this learning for millions of Indians. One can't not be interested in the glamour of Anna. I have reason to use the word glamour, Anna is Yahoo India's top newsmaker of 2011. In the absence of a messiah to rescue society from the corrupt minds of the evil, a disillusioned community searches for an outlet or leader. In most cases, as the world is witnessing of late, the tools used to bring change in society are protests or violence. Or both. Protests are the prerogative of the courageous. Always in fashion, the act of protesting often confers cult status on its participants. Its cousin violence is not far behind. Violence gives a high to those perpetrating it or planning it. Since we live in an age where every corner of the world is witnessing these twin problems, we are in a better place and time to examine it. In India- a potentially robust economy, home to some of the richest men in the world - it is not very different.With protests and violence taking root since beginning of time, we could be forgiven the mistake of electing leaders who have a spotless record of pogroms, bribery cases, criminal activities and corruption (considered inherently violent in their nature.) In lieu of this, protest against acts of violence is a logical step. The concept of protests in India is hazy as citizens are indifferent towards raising their voice for fear of risk to their lives, money and families. To understand it, it is vital to understand how India's citizens, especially its middle class works. As Kiran Bedi puts it, \"We the people are back on to the streets. Do you want to be counted?''You don't start to count a people famous for their population index. The crowd in Ram Lila maidan last year invoked a sense of fascination and perplexed pride. A united India or rather a united middle class India, which is the country's paradox- a combination of economic clout and political disillusionment is a novelty. Or as the anti-corruption enthusiasts point out was. Vir Dewan, a speaker and SAP specialist says that ''Anna has taught us to be one.'' He agrees with all who feel that the educated youth resist the political parties' efforts to divide people into caste and creed. Which he emphasizes was the primary reason why Anna and his fight against corruption proved to be successful. However, the question is: Is this a new grassroots political movement or a frustrated rant? And another: whether a grassroots movement is needed in the first place. Muzna Fatima, a research scholar at JNU, New Delhi, says ''Strengthening existing structures, complex as it might be, instead of adding another super-body is important''. A complex issue is how and when can an existing structure be replaced by a new, cleaner system?A Hafezi, a lawyer based in London, confesses, \"As an Indian living abroad, Anna Hazare's single act of fasting and persuading the both Houses of Parliament to ignore its customs, traditions and rules and agree to pass a bill is a worrying development.\" How should this fear of disrupting a governing body that is corrupt and inefficient not be a hurdle to bring about change? For supporters of the Jan Lokpal Bill , these protests are an awakening. \"It was desperately needed as corruption crossed all possible levels of common man's tolerance,''asserts Shweta Nagpurkar Saxena, a corporate physiologist. She even goes on to call it a \"crusade of the common man'', one she believes can be won because \"there is nothing to stop the power of the people.'' What this 'power of the people' actually denotes is mired in doubt amidst a muddled definition of democracy. Democracy is a country governed by its people and so the world's largest democracy should be an exemplar in that it is governed by people. In the wake of protests for the implementation of the anti-corruption bill, the focus is on the Indian middle class. The masses, the ones who cannot afford to meet their daily needs, who fall below the acceptable standards of living, the ones who cannot bribe their way to get things done were invisible, and statistically that amounts to 8o% of the population.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12476463", "title": "Car smuggler\u2019s detention illegal: HC", "text": "KOCHI: Preventive detention of alleged luxury car smuggler Alex C Joseph was cancelled by the Kerala high court on Friday as illegal.Considering a petition by Alex's brother Abraham C Joseph challenging the detention, division bench of justice Thottathil B Radhakrishnan and justice CT Ravikumar held that the continued detention of Alex after the sitting of advisory board is contrary to law and unsustainable. In the petition, Alex's brother had alleged that Alex is being detained illegally by the police.The court held that the proceedings before the advisory board for preventive detention were not in consonance with the requirements of Constitution and laws. The continued detention on and after the advisory board's sitting on January 14 this year is contrary to law and therefore unsustainable, the division bench ruled.Alex, who was on the wanted list of Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) since 2000, was nabbed in Hyderabadlast year. According to DRI, Alex, also known as Abey John, smuggled more than 400 cars, which resulted in the loss of Rs 400 crore to the exchequer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12475566", "title": "Kudankulam 3, 4 pact will be inked after protests subside: PM to Russian President", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has told Russian President Dmitry Medvedev that the signing of agreements for Kudankulam 3 and 4 will have to wait until protests at the Tamil Nadu coastal town against nuclear reactors subside. In his bilateral meeting with Medvedev, on the sidelines of the BRICS summit, Singh told Medvedev that the agreement for the third and fourth units will have to wait until ``conditions became more favourable'' even as he expressed confidence that India will eventually have more reactors with Russian help at Kudankulam and elsewhere in the country.Sources familiar with Singh's meeting with Medvedev told ToI that Medvedev had raised the issue of Kudankulam 3 and 4, saying that the agreement for these was ready to be signed. Singh responded that India was willing to ink the agreement for the two additional units, adding this was not the time referring to the protests.People from adjoining towns and villages have again started to gather in the area after the Tamil Nadu government cleared the project on March 19.Singh, however, assured Medvedev that the first two reactors - Kudankulam 1 and 2 - are firmly back on track. Despite differences over liability issues, with Moscow describing India's new nuclear liability law as a recent invention in its civil nuclear partnership with India, Russia maintains that the agreement for the third and fourth pressurized water reactors at the site is ready to be signed. Sources said that Medvedev did not feel the need to raise the liability issue with PM as there is already enough understanding between the two sides over it.Briefing reporters ahead of the BRICS summit, Russian ambassador to India Alexander Kadakin had said that the agreement for third and fourth units were ready with only a few ``minor'' issues remaining. He suggested that the cost for the additional units is going to be much more if they came under the liability law. Unlike Kudankulam 3 and 4, the first and second units will function independent of the liability law that makes suppliers accountable for damages in case of a nuclear accident.Protests had erupted at Kudankulam on September 6, 2011, months after the Fukushima nuclear disaster, prompting Russians to raise questions about how these were being funded. India's civil nuclear partnership with Russia envisages four more nuclear reactors at Kudankulam, each with a capacity of 1,000 mw.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12476801", "title": "It's a north-south reign dance", "text": "Weeks of gruelling diet regimes and rigorous grooming workshops paid off for three lucky girls who were declared the winners of the country's best-known beauty pageant, the Pantaloons Femina Miss India (PFMI) 2012.While Vanya Mishra, a 19-year-old student from the PEC University of Technology, Chandigarh, was crowned Pantaloons Femina Miss India World 2012, 24-year-old Prachi Mishra, an investment advisor from Allahabad, walked away with the PFMI Earth 2012 title and 23-year-old Rochelle Maria Rao, a television anchor from Chennai, won PFMI International 2012. The starstudded ceremony took place on Friday evening at the Bhavan's College ground in Andheri.The common question for the five finalists, from whom the three toppers were chosen, was: If you had a choice between creating 1,000 permanent jobs and feeding 1,000 starving children every day, which would you choose and why? Vanya Mishra's winning answer was: \"Little children are innocent, and our hearts melt to see them. I would feed 1,000 starving children and even provide education so that this scenario doesn't repeat itself, and they can feed themselves and their families as well.\" It was a sentiment that evidently impressed the judges and got her the coveted crown.Earlier in the evening, the pageant had opened with the judges-film stars Sonam Kapoor and Sonali Bendre , designer Raghavendra Rathore, singer Sonu Nigam, film-maker Rohit Shetty, producer Ekta Kapoor , cricketer Harbhajan Singh, MD of Bajaj FinServ Sanjiv Bajaj and TV star Sakshi Tanwar-arriving one by one. Each one was introduced through a song as they joined a medley of dancers. Harbhajan Singh joined the latter with gusto while Sonu Nigam performed a stanza of Kal ho na ho, yodelling in Kishore Kumar style. Reigning Miss World Ivian Lunasol Sarcos Colmenares, the special guest for the evening, arrived in a peacock-shaped palanquin, looking resplendent in an electric blue ghagra, and took her seat beside Julia Morley , chairperson of the Miss World Organisation.In a departure from the norm, the 20 finalists of PFMI 2012 were introduced in printed, multi-coloured dresses instead of the single-colour outfits worn every year. The contestants, all between the ages of 18 and 24, were mostly students, some models already. Standing out amid them was the odd software engineer and electronic engineer and even an investment advisor. All introduced themselves in remarkably fluent Hindi and elaborated on how the dream of the Miss India crown had occupied their waking hours.Hosts Manish Paul and Ayushman Khurrana announced Round Two, the swimwear round, as \"so hot that the audience will want to reach out for bottles of cold water even in the chill of the air-conditioned enclosure\". And, indeed, when the contestants sashayed on stage, their perfect figures encased by itsy-bitsy apparel, they managed to raise the temperature in the air-conditioned set by a couple of degrees.Quips and jokes flew thick and fast through the evening. Natural-born comic Riteish Deshmukh and Tushar Kapoor arrived to promote their new film, and during the judge interaction needled every judge, including Tushar's sister Ekta. Remarking on Ekta's hot temper, the duo remarked that she had inspired a forthcoming film called Ekt(h)a Tiger . Continuing the banter with Sakshi Tanwar, they declared that her Bade Acche Lagte Hain co-star Ram Kapoor was so fat that he should be named Kilog-ram Kapoor. Sonu Nigam, on his part, egged on by the irrepressible duo, did a hilarious impression of Kailash Kher , who is known to use hifalutin' Hindi as a reality show judge.The acts continued apace through the show. Pakistani singer and actor Ali Zafar reminded one of Bollywood actors in the '70s when he decided to emerge from behind a piano while performing to a series of songs from his films, accompanied by former Miss Indias Manasvi Mamgai and Neha Hinge. Nargis Fakhri, clad in bright red pants and a shimmering black corset, performed to two songs from Rockstar and then did a rumbustious Punjabi number from Mausam in a blue ghagra.As the contest progressed, ten finalists who'd been chosen from among the 20 on stage were whittled down to five: Sana Khan, Prachi Mishra, Ipsita Pati, Rochelle Rao and Vanya Mishra. Ali Zafar treated them to a rendition of the soothing song Dil jhoom jhoom in a bid to relax them before the common question was fired at them. The evening ended with a scintillating performance by actor Akshay Kumar .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12481851", "title": "The Indian connection: Part II", "text": "It was much more difficult this time around to leave my own country and come back to a place where I have now made a life for myself. I am not sure why was I feeling so? Was it because I spent maximum time of my past four trips over there or was it because of seeing an Irish boy blend in carelessly and enjoy simple pleasures like a true Indian? It also might be because I was seeing my family move into the next phase of their lives - cousins getting married, thinking about babies, graduating from school and one of them moving back to India and adjusting back to the lifestyle that we all grew up in (not sure how this gets tough, but it surely seems that way!). And I wanted to be a part of their story; the stories that my parents would tell their grandchildren and my cousins would laugh over when we all grow old together. I wasn't sure I was going to cut it, spending only a couple of weeks every year with them. Or maybe it was simply because I was seeing places in India that I had vague memories of visiting in my childhood. Those faded images sprang back to life. Places and people - old and new- intrigued me to dig deeper and look closer.Our visit to the great Indian desert included a night in an historic fort hotel and one in the middle of the desert. Walking around the fort to see the small shops highlighting Indian culture via colourful clothes, bags, shoes, souvenirs was fun and to see them jacking up prices when a foreigner walked in was hilarious. What was even more amusing to watch was foreigners haggling and getting a good deal. It's the whole experience, I guess ! Our stay in the dunes was equally interesting and seemed very surreal to me. A few friendly chats and a little bit of tip can get you luxury even in the middle of the dessert. Customer service at its best, I say! A couple of days there and we become very paly with our camel walla (camel guy) who showed us beautiful spots in the dessert. One morning, he even took a detour to show us his village and show off his camel getting ready for the upcoming annual camel race. This 22-year-old guy was barely educated but more than satisfied in the village entertaining foreigners and tourists in the nearby establishments and grooming his camel. He didn't need to explore anything more than the desert to be content with his life.Modern India is a complicated place. It is a place where extremes coexist in perfect harmony. They are right next to each other but might be completely alien to the neighbour. High-rise buildings, multinational companies where people can talk in accents prevailing in different countries; step outside the building and the person owning the foodcart would not know more than 'yes/no' like basic English words - and the differences run way deeper than knowing a language. There are teenagers and young professionals leading a 'Page 3' lifestyle, oblivious to the simple lives being led by people in the same city, whose aspirations do not go beyond giving a comfortable living to their family.During one train ride from suburbs to downtown in Mumbai, I was sitting between a group of girls and ladies. I mention the same gender differently not just because of the obvious age-difference but also due to the generation gap. Although I think, after hearing the chatter going on my two sides, these people might as well have been extraterrestrials to the other. The college girls were discussing their ambitions of studying in a foreign land and also going to explore the unrivaled geographic and climatic diversity. South America trip is what caught my attention - just trying to say I usually don't eavesdrop in public places. Immediately on the other side, my ears picked up the conversation regarding some upcoming religious day stemming from Hindu mythology. Both the parties, unfazed by the other lifestyle, co-habiting in the train itself!I am captivated by the unison in which diversity in every aspect coexists in India and the cord that ties it all together. In this trip, I began to pay closer attention not just to the places but to the lifestyles, dreams and aspirations of people - just trying to peel the onion. I was beginning to appreciate the beauty and complexity that each layer provides to the country - especially the people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12482473", "title": "Review: HP Folio 13 laptop", "text": "NEW DELHI: When it comes to UltraBooks, HP's Folio 13 scores top marks for looks and build quality. It has a brushed aluminum finish on the top lid as well as on the entire area around the keyboard. The chassis is lightweight yet strong and flex-free.The matte finish bezel around the display and on the base further adds to the looks and keeps it safe from fingerprints. Inside is a 1.6Ghz Intel Core i5 processor, 4GB RAM, 128GB SSD and Intel HD 3000 graphics - with all this, it manages an impressive score of 4.7 in the Windows Experience Index (the lowest score is for the graphics).The overall slim form factor and weight (1.5kg) make it easy to carry around and comfortable to work with. The backlit keyboard and large keys make it a joy to use while the large trackpad (with gestures) made browsing and navigation easy too. In terms of multimedia performance, the Folio's onboard speakers gave superb loud output, while the machine handled SD and HD content easily to provide smooth video playback on the screen as well as when connected to a larger TV via HDMI.It comes bundled with an external DVD writer, which is a smart move by HP and we hope others follow suit. What really impressed was its battery life. With Wi-Fi connected and mix use of multimedia, browsing and office work the HP Folio 13 lasted close to 7 hours on a full charge - no other Ultrabook has managed to do this so far.As for its quirks, the webcam had visible noise during video calls with overall average quality video output. The 13.3-inch display is good for day-to-day work, but overall colors felt a bit washed out and the viewing angles left a lot to be desired.At 69,990 plus taxes, the Folio 13 is overpriced when compared to offerings from competitors. For instance, if build quality is not the most important criteria for you, you can get the Samsung Series 5 ( 54,390) that has a 14-inch display, 6GB RAM, 1TB storage, dedicated graphics car", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12476553", "title": "Cyanide Mallika gets death", "text": "BANGALORE: The 1st Additional Rural Court, Bangalore, on Friday awarded the death sentence to the country's first and only woman serial killer, Mallika alias Cyanide Malllika alias K D Kempamma alias Yashodama, 45, for the murder of a housewife in Doddaballapur on December 18, 2007.Nagaveni was found dead in the premises of a temple in Doddaballapur. She was a resident of Allalasandra, near Yelahanka New Town.Malllika had managed to befriend Nagaveni, who was childless . The victim visited various temples to pray for a child.Mallika told Nagaveni that she would perform a special puja to help her realize her desire . She took her to a temple in Doddaballapur in the early hours of that day, and in the guise of giving her holy water, gave her water laced with cyanide. Nagaveni drank it and died instantly. Later, the accused removed the victim's gold ornaments and escaped.In 2010, a Tumkur court had awarded her the death sentence for the murder of Muniyamma, in Yediyur Siddalingeshwara temple in Kunigal taluk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12476798", "title": "Archaeological Survey of India taking steps to conserve Golghar", "text": "PATNA: The Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) is taking measures for the conservation of the historic Golghar, a huge granary here with a big dome, for which the 12th Finance Commission had earlier provided a sum of Rs 1.38 crore, minister, art, culture and youth affairs, Sukhda Pandey said this while replying to a short-notice question of RJD member Nawal Kishore Yadav in the Bihar Legislative Council.The minister said that the circular stairs reaching the top of the Golghar would also be repaired by the ASI. She said that the ASI has the expertise to repair and conserve heritage sites so Golghar is in safe hands and added that while the responsibility of upkeep of tourist spots lies with the tourism department, the responsibility of upkeep of archaeological sites lies with the department of art, culture and youth affairs.Replying to a starred question of RJD member Badshah Prasad Azad, whether there was any improvement to refurbish the Sujata Stupa which was discovered at Baraur village under Bodh Gaya block in Gaya district, Pandey said that the ASI has taken measures to conserve this Stupa. She said that the ASI reported that during excavation at the Stupa site, silt was carefully removed from the Stupa and it has been given a beautiful look. To make this site attractive, the Gaya DM has been asked to acquire land around the Stupa to develop this as a tourist site. She said that a pitch road is linked from the highway to the Stupa site.Replying to another starred question of Vinod Kumar Chaudhary, the minister said that chemical treatment and serialization of the books and manuscripts at Khankah-e-Ehadia near Mangal Talab in Patna City is being done under an Indian Manuscript Mission at Khuda Bakhsh Oriental Public Library here. The minister while replying to a short-notice question of Chaudhary, said that construction of 27 stadiums -- in Darbhanga (11), Madhubani (4), Samastipur (9) and Begusarai (3) -- has been approved by the government.While replying to a starred question of Sanjay Prasad regarding the status of Sanjay Gandhi Stadium in Gardanibagh locality here, the minister said that this land belongs to the revenue and land reforms department and her department was seeking its transfer to it.She said that the Patna district administration would be asked to submit a proposal for renovation of Sanjay Gandhi Stadium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12480135", "title": "Chargesheet in Shehla Masood case will be filed soon: CBI", "text": "BHOPAL: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) would be filing the chargesheet against all those arrested in the RTI activist Shehla Masood murder case within the stipulated 90 days' period, it said today.DIG, CBI (Bhopal), Hemant Priyadarshi, also told reporters here that it would be wrong to say that transfer of investigation into Shehla's murder to the Delhi unit of CBI meant a failure on the part of Bhopal unit.\"Even today many officers from the Bhopal unit who were working on the case are associated with it,\" he said.It did not matter whether it was being handled by the Delhi unit or the Bhopal unit, he added.Asked if BJP MLA, Dhruv Narayan Singh, would be arrested in the case, Hemant said that merely because his office and house had been searched did not mean that he would be arrested.CBI has arrested five persons in the case so far, including Bhopal-based interior designer Zaheda Pervez. According to the agency, Pervez had Shehla killed out of jealousy, as she had become insecure due to Shehla's growing closeness to Dhruv Narayan.Answering a question about former BJP minister, Kamal Patel , who was let off by trial court in a murder case, the DIG said CBI had moved a higher court against this decision.Hemant admitted that CBI did suffer from a shortage of investigating officers, hence it had to take police officers on deputation.Neither he nor his team of officers had so far seen any interference by the Centre in CBI's working, he said, replying to another question.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12477003", "title": "Lecture series at Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur", "text": "KANPUR: The department of physics of the Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur, had organized Jagadishwar Mahanty distinguished lecture series on Friday.Madan Rao delivered a lecture on active cell mechanics and information processing.Molecules in the living cells are carriers of information. The living cells manage the organization and flow of information by means of active mechanical stresses generated within it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12477202", "title": "A micro-robot inside you to detect diseases", "text": "LONDON: Scientists say they are developing a micro-robot that can function like a living creature to detect diseases in humans.An international team, including Newcastle University in the UK, says the micro-robot , \"Cyberplasm\" , would combine advanced microelectronics with latest research in biomimicry - technology inspired by nature. The aim is for Cyberplasm to have an electronic nervous system, \"eye\" and \"nose\" sensors derived from mammalian cells, as well as artificial muscles that use glucose as an energy source to propel it, say the scientists.Cyberplasm will be designed to mimic key functions of the sea lamprey , a creature found mainly in the Atlantic Ocean. It is believed this approach will enable the micro-robot to be extremely sensitive and responsive to the environment it is put into, according to the team.Future uses could include the ability to swim unobtrusively through the human body to detect a whole range of diseases, the 'ScienceDaily' reported.\"Nothing matches a living creature's natural ability to see and smell its environment and therefore to collect data on what's going on around it,\" said bioengineer Dr Daniel Frankel of Newcastle University, who is leading the UK-based work.Cyberplasm's sensors are being developed to respond to external stimuli by converting them into electronic impulses that are sent to an electronic \"brain\" equipped with sophisticated microchips.This brain will then send electronic messages to artificial muscles telling them how to contract and relax, enabling the robot to navigate its way safely using an undulating motion, say the scientists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12476434", "title": "UK's 'Little Pakistan' votes for anti-war Labour rebel in bypoll", "text": "LONDON: Voters of Bradford West, often referred to as \"Little Pakistan \" because of the large Pakistani immigrant community there, rejected a candidate of Pakistani origin to elect Labour party rebel George Galloway in a by-election to House of Commons .The result, announced on Friday, continued a trend of the Bradford West electorate never returning a candidate of Pakistani descent. The previous MP, Marsha Singh , was a person of Indian origin albeit not quite a friend of India. He belonged to Labour and uninterruptedly held the seat since 1997. He stepped down a month ago due to illness.Bradford West toppled Labour from a seat it had held since 1974. The party nominated Imran Hussein, a barrister of Pakistani origin. Most poll pundits surmised it was an unbeatable combination given the demographics of the constituency . Galloway, an antiwar campaigner, polled 56% of the votes and won by a margin double that of Singh's in the 2010 general election.One of Galloway's supporters said, \"This man will represent the views of the ordinary people here.\"Fuqan Naeem, chair of Bradford University's students' union council, said Galloway had captured the hearts and minds of Pakistani students , who became the driving force of his campaign.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12476007", "title": "Caf\u00e9 in Kotturpuram has menu in Braille", "text": "CHENNAI: Kalakkal Cafe's menu has just about a dozen items but it's written three ways - in Braille, large block letters, and in pictures. The cafe, which will open in Kotturpuram on Saturday, will cater to disabled and non-disabled people over 18, and has ramps, eating aids and tactile walls.The physiotherapy room at Vidya Sagar, an organisation working on disability issues, will be converted into the cafe on the second and fourth Saturdays of every month. \"After work, disabled people just have to go home and watch TV. There aren't too many affordable and accessible places where youngsters can hang out with people their age,\" says Anu Shankar, who runs the youth programme at Vidya Sagar.\"Kalakkal is probably the only inclusive cafe in India. It's an experiment in diversi-tea,\" she laughs.They've tied up with Winners Bakery for the food and the most expensive item is a sandwich for 25. \"Disabled people spend a lot on private transport so we wanted them to be able to relax and have fun for under 50. We chose food that they can eat on their own without help from a caregiver,\" she says.The colours, fonts and pictures on the menu have been designed keeping in mind the needs of people with low vision or those who cannot read. Two disabled people will help serve customers.There will be a live band with local musicians and space for dancing. \"Running a cafe is not our area of expertise. We're hoping this experiment will put the idea of an inclusive, affordable space into the minds of entrepreneurs who want to open restaurants,\" says Rajul Padmanabhan, director of Vidya Sagar.They've been putting up posters and calling friends to get the word out. For the past few days, 26-year-old Dheepakh has been going to colleges to put up posters. \"It's open to all. I'm hoping everyone can hang out together,\" says Dheepakh, a wheelchair user who has finished college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12477211", "title": "It\u2019s a North-South reign dance", "text": "MUMBAI: Weeks of gruelling diet regimes and rigorous grooming workshops paid off for three lucky girls who were declared the winners of the country's best-known beauty pageant, the Pantaloons Femina Miss India (PFMI) 2012.While Vanya Mishra, a 19-year-old student from the PEC University of Technology, Chandigarh, was crowned Pantaloons Femina Miss India World 2012, 24-year-old Prachi Mishra, an investment advisor from Allahabad, walked away with the PFMI Earth 2012 title and 23-year-old Rochelle Maria Rao, a television anchor from Chennai, won PFMI International 2012. The starstudded ceremony took place on Friday evening at the Bhavan's College ground in Andheri.The common question for the five finalists, from whom the three toppers were chosen, was: If you had a choice between creating 1,000 permanent jobs and feeding 1,000 starving children every day, which would you choose and why? Vanya Mishra's winning answer was: \"Little children are innocent, and our hearts melt to see them. I would feed 1,000 starving children and even provide education so that this scenario doesn't repeat itself, and they can feed themselves and their families as well.\" It was a sentiment that evidently impressed the judges and got her the coveted crown.Earlier in the evening, the pageant had opened with the judges-film stars Sonam Kapoor and Sonali Bendre, designer Raghavendra Rathore, singer Sonu Nigam, film-maker Rohit Shetty , producer Ekta Kapoor, cricketer Harbhajan Singh, MD of Bajaj FinServ Sanjiv Bajaj and TV star Sakshi Tanwar-arriving one by one. Each one was introduced through a song as they joined a medley of dancers. Harbhajan Singh joined the latter with gusto while Sonu Nigam performed a stanza of Kal ho na ho, yodelling in Kishore Kumar style. Reigning Miss World Ivian Lunasol Sarcos Colmenares, the special guest for the evening, arrived in a peacock-shaped palanquin, looking resplendent in an electric blue ghagra , and took her seat beside Julia Morley, chairperson of the Miss World Organisation.In a departure from the norm, the 20 finalists of PFMI 2012 were introduced in printed, multi-coloured dresses instead of the single-colour outfits worn every year. The contestants, all between the ages of 18 and 24, were mostly students, some models already. Standing out amid them was the odd software engineer and electronic engineer and even an investment advisor. All introduced themselves in remarkably fluent Hindi and elaborated on how the dream of the Miss India crown had occupied their waking hours.Hosts Manish Paul and Ayushman Khurrana announced Round Two, the swimwear round, as \"so hot that the audience will want to reach out for bottles of cold water even in the chill of the air-conditioned enclosure\" . And, indeed, when the contestants sashayed on stage, their perfect figures encased by itsy-bitsy apparel, they managed to raise the temperature in the air-conditioned set by a couple of degrees.Quips and jokes flew thick and fast through the evening. Natural-born comic Riteish Deshmukh and Tushar Kapoor arrived to promote their new film, and during the judge interaction needled every judge, including Tushar's sister Ekta. Remarking on Ekta's hot temper, the duo remarked that she had inspired a forthcoming film called Ekt(h)a Tiger . Continuing the banter with Sakshi Tanwar, they declared that her Bade Acche Lagte Hain co-star Ram Kapoor was so fat that he should be named Kilog-ram Kapoor. Sonu Nigam, on his part, egged on by the irrepressible duo, did a hilarious impression of Kailash Kher, who is known to use hifalutin ' Hindi as a reality show judge.The acts continued apace through the show. Pakistani singer and actor Ali Zafar reminded one of Bollywood actors in the '70s when he decided to emerge from behind a piano while performing to a series of songs from his films, accompanied by former Miss Indias Manasvi Mamgai and Neha Hinge. Nargis Fakhri, clad in bright red pants and a shimmering black corset, performed to two songs from Rockstar and then did a rumbustious Punjabi number from Mausam in a blue ghagra.As the contest progressed, ten finalists who'd been chosen from among the 20 on stage were whittled down to five: Sana Khan, Prachi Mishra, Ipsita Pati, Rochelle Rao and Vanya Mishra. Ali Zafar treated them to a rendition of the soothing song Dil jhoom jhoom in a bid to relax them before the common question was fired at them. The evening ended with a scintillating performance by actor Akshay Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12477089", "title": "Govt explores merits of single engineering test", "text": "MUMBAI: For students aspiring to join an engineering college in 2013, the call on what to study during the summer holidays is going to be a tough one. For the state government is yet to decide which way it must go: whether it should opt for a single national-level entrance exam and place weightage for class XII scores in a 60:40 ratio (or in a 50:50 ratio) or do away with the entrance test completely and rely only on class XII marks.On Friday, the Directorate of Technical Education held a discussion with principals, parents and students on the new single exam pattern drawn up by the T Ramaswami Committee for those aspiring to join engineering colleges.Vineet Joshi, CBSE chairman , said his office would act as the machinery that would conduct the exam, but the syllabi would be set by the Indian Institutes of Technology; the IITs would also set the paper. While the nomenclature of the test-to date referred to as the Indian Science and Engineering Eligibility Testis likely to change, the central government is keen on rolling it out by 2013-14.If the board exam scores are to be considered, the Indian Statistical Institute has been assigned the job of developing a formula to normalize the scores of all the boards across India, said Devang Khakhar, director IIT-Bombay.Over 500 participants converged at Syndenham College early on Friday to submit their responses to the government. Minister of higher and technical education Rajesh Tope said he would form a committee that would look into the suggestions, draft a model policy which would again invite suggestions for two months, before the state finalizes its stand.Student Maaz Sheikh said he was happy that the government was drawing up a plan for a single entrance test, but was against the idea of joining a college based on his class XII scores. Aniruddha Jadhav, the architect of the Latur pattern, said he had conducted a survey in his college and most students opted for a combination of class XII scores and the entrance test.\"Students have lost trust in the class XII assessment and feel it is a chance game-malpractices creep in and the quality of examiners appointed is not uniform,\" said Jadhav. Then there were those who said that the Maharashtra government , like Tamil Nadu, should rely completely on class XII scores for admission to engineering colleges. Like Vivek Korde , president of the Forum Against Commercialisation of Education, said, \"A competitive exam forces a student to take coaching which leaves out several meritorious poor students, especially in rural areas.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12475952", "title": "Student appears for SSC exam, disappears", "text": "MUMBAI: The Government Railway Police (GRP) is looking for a student who disappeared from Andheri station on Wednesday. Poonam Shukla (16), a resident of Vasai, studies in Class X.According to a complaint by Poonam's parents, she had gone to her exam centre at Guru Nanak College in Andheri on Wednesday afternoon. After the exam, she headed to the station. However, she did not reach Vasai. After checking with her friends and searching for her for hours, her parents lodged a missing person's complaint with the Andheri GRP.Poonam's parents said she had boarded a Vasai-bound local from platform 4 in Andheri. \"She called up her parents to say that she was safe and they shouldn't look for her. Her cellphone was reachable till Thursday but has now been switched off,\" a relative said.\"She has probably gone on her own accord,\" a senior GRP official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12475766", "title": "Sub-inspector hangs self in Borivli home", "text": "MUMBAI: A police sub-inspector committed suicide at his Borivli residence on Friday, allegedly due to illness. Bhanu Tandel (54) was attached to the Borivli police station.Tandel was suffering from diabetes and hypertension. He had been on sick leave since March 15 and was to resume duty on Friday. However, his health worsened on Friday morning. \"Tandel called up his brother-in-law, M Kubal, who at Charkop. Kubal offered to take him to hospital and promised to reach his house in ten minutes,\" said senior inspector Bhagwan Chate. When Kubal reached Tandel's apartment at Suyog society he found Tandel hanging from a ceiling fan in the living room.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12475555", "title": "Poll darlings not local favourites", "text": "NEW DELHI: Post reservation, many candidates have been given tickets to wards far from their areas of residence. And to give legitimacy to their candidature, some of them have actually shifted base to their wards, albeit on a temporary basis. But locals aren't amused.Malkaganj residents have said that the Congress candidate for the ward, Guddi Devi, shifted to the area five months ago. \"She has rented a flat and has been living with her family. Nobody knows her in the area. She managed to get a ticket as her husband is the personal assistant of MLA Surinder Pal Singh Bittoo. We want a candidate who is from the area so that she can relate to our problems,\" said Seema Jatav, a resident. She added that even the 2007 voter list of Malkaganj doesn't have Guddi's name.Guddi admitted to her shifting, but claimed full knowledge of the local problems. \"I have been addressing residents' grievances like road and drain repairs ever since I shifted,\" she said, adding that the local MLA's funds were used for the works.Sudeshna Indoriya, who will contest from Mandawali on a BJP ticket, shifted to the locality, too. \"I was living in Khichripur but we have a house in Mandawali. These days we are busy looking for space to set up an office. My name is still in the Khichripur voter list, but I know Mandawali well,\" said Indoriya.But Anita Kamboj of the area said, \"A candidate must stand in the election from a ward only if he/she is a resident of the same. A councillor has to deal with grassroots level issues; but if he/she doesn't even know the lanes and by-lanes of the area, how will our problems be acknowledged? An outsider will not have the voters' faith.\"Some candidates have also started renting office spaces-an abortive bid, according to residents. \" A councillor is like the leader of the ward, and our leader should be one of us,\" said Rohini resident Sukhbir Sharma, who alleged that the BJP candidate there has opened his office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12476773", "title": "10000 city cabs have 1 day for meter switch", "text": "KOLKATA: From Sunday, around 10,000 taxis in the city will have to stop plying if they fail to comply with the Calcutta high court's order and install new meters.Putting its foot down on the menace of rigged meters in a city of taxi woes, the high court on Friday asked taxi-owners to either fall in line or stop plying from Sunday. The court had set a March 31 deadline for taxis to switch to digital meters with printers so that passengers can have a receipt that mentions the distance travelled and the fare charged.Dismissing a joint plea by the Bengal Taxi Association (BTA) and Calcutta Taxi Association (CTA) for more time to make the switch, a division bench of Chief Justice J N Patel and Justice S Chakraborty ordered taxi-owners who are yet to comply with the order to apply for new meters on Saturday, failing which the public vehicles department (PVD) can cancel their permit. The Beltala PVD office will stay open on Saturday to receive applications.According to the status report submitted to the court by the transport department , of the 33,000 taxis that ply in Kolkata, 16,000 have already installed new meters. Of the remaining 17,000 cabs, 7,039 have applied for conversion to digital printer meters. That leaves 9,961 taxis, which have been biding time but must apply for new meters on Saturday or risk cancellation of permits.Cabs have been delaying the switch to new meters citing various excuses like the Rs 6,800 cost of the new meter. The taxi association also claimed the infrastructure at the PVD was inadequate to make such a quick transition. But advocate general Anindya Mitra denied the allegation and said the government had taken adequate steps to make the switch possible.\"We will comply with the court order. Our appeal was to highlight the poor infrastructure at PVD that makes not just this switch but any change difficult to implement,\" said Bimal Guha of BTA. There are around 3,805 taxis that have applied for new meters but are yet to install them.After applying for the meters , the taxi-owners have to place their orders at an authorized store. Prior to the installation , the seal on the old meter has to be cut by the meter inspectors at PVD. Once the new meter is installed, the inspectors have to validate that it is in proper order and put the seal back. The process could take a couple of weeks, or even longer . Pointing out that the PVD had only two inspectors assigned to check meters, Guha said only 150-200 taxis could be checked on any given day. \"Of course, we have six weeks' time till the next hearing to convert to the new meters.\"The issue of rigged meter, a major problem with taxis in the city, went to the court last year when a high court advocate filed a PIL. It alleged that without printer meters, taxi drivers fleeced passengers who arrived at the airport or at Howrah, Kolkata and Sealdah stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12474267", "title": "IITs opposition puts question mark on engineering exam", "text": "NAGPUR: The common exam for entrance to all engineering institutes from IITs and to local engineering colleges seems to have hit rough weather due to opposition from some IIT managements. From 2013, the Joint Entrance Exam (JEE) was all set to replace all other engineering entrance tests across the country with most state governments giving their consent. However some IITs and their student senates have expressed displeasure over the way the change was being initiated.Highly placed sources in IIT Council, the apex governing body for all 15 IITs, confirmed to TOI that differences had cropped up in their discussions about JEE with the government. Director of a renowned IIT said on condition of anonymity that the government was pushing through the changes without taking every stakeholder into confidence. \"The government should have first come to IIT Council and known their concerns. The Council would have then reached out to all IITs, where academic and students' senate would have given their views. Once we take everyone's views, only then could a consensus be reached. You just can't walk in one fine day and order things changed,\" he said.A senior faculty member of another IIT said, \"Our institutes have been doing great for over half a century and now suddenly the government thinks there is a problem. We don't oppose or question the government's intention for a common exam but the methodology is wrong. IITs are being asked to give minimum 40 per cent weightage to board exams for admissions which is not right. Cheating during board exams is rampant in many states. They cannot be taken as a common benchmark. IITs must retain the right to decide the criteria for admissions else the standard will go down.\"In certain IITs, the students' senates too have opposed the new JEE citing dilution of admission criteria and conveyed the same to their board of governors. There have been reports that the All India IIT Faculty Federation has written to HRD ministry opposing the government's approach but ministry officials deny having received any such letter.While HRD minister Kapil Sibal was unavailable for comment, his private secretary Uma Shankar said everyone concerned had been consulted. Shankar said, \"Our ministry has tried to get views from faculty, students and other stakeholders to reach a consensus. For a whole month, we had a special website where all stakeholders were asked to blog their views. I am myself an IITian and hold my institute in high esteem but we have to find a solution to the problems that plague our system.\"The problems according to Shankar are of having too many entrance exams and an education system (for Std XI and XII) that functions outside the school system itself. \"There are about 180 exams in the country for engineering admissions. Everyone now depends on coaching centres and ignores board exams. Students get admitted to a college that discreetly ties up with a coaching institute and marks their attendance. Students don't go to college hence teachers don't teach. Is this the kind of education we want,\" asked Shankar.A meeting has been scheduled on April 24 between the government and a special committee comprising select IIT directors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "12474408", "title": "458 left in fray for Chandrapur Municipal Corporation elections", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: After two-day long nomination withdrawal exercise 458 contenders are left final fray for Chandrapur Municipal Corporation (CMC) election. As many as 77 candidates out of 535 withdrew their nominations leaving 458 contenders fighting for 66 wards in the town.Official sources informed that there were 22 withdrawals in Zone-I, which has left 81 candidates in the fray. Similarly Zone-II saw 9 withdrawals and 96 contenders are left there. In Zone-III 16 candidates withdrew their nominations leaving 94 in the final fight. In Zone-IV seven candidates withdrew their papers, which left 91 in the fray. 23 candidates withdrew their nomination in Zone-V leaving 96 contenders in the fight.Symbols would be allotted to candidates on Saturday. Civic administration would declare the final list of candidates, list of voters and polling booths on April 2. Polling will be held on April 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12475539", "title": "HC issues contempt notice for using stadium for non-sports activities", "text": "JAIPUR: Rajasthan High Court (Jaipur Bench) issued notices to B B Mohanty, Kuldeep Ranka, Jose Mohan, T Shrinivasan, and Sudhanshu Pant on a contempt petition filed by one Anil Sharma. Sharma mentioned in the petition that the Rajasthan High Court had banned non-sports activities at Sawai Man Singh Sports Stadium in the city as per its order dated 20.9.2001 on a public interest litigation filed by Anil Sharma through advocate Sanjiv Pandey titled Anil Sharma V/s State of Rajasthan &amp; others-CW - 3371/1996.Sharma mentioned in the petition that inspite of the court's order against wrongful commercial gain, the senior officers discreetly allowed Rajasthan Cricket Association to carry out non-sports activities such as running hotel/restaurants/cricket academy facilities. The stadium was also used for holding marriage ceremonies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12479722", "title": "Sholay 3D to release on Aug 15", "text": "Quite a lot was said about the making of the 3D version of \" Sholay\". The latest doing the rounds is that the 3D movie will be released on August 15.Confirming the news, Shaan Uttam Singh, the grandson of GP Sippy and one of copyright owners of movie, says, \"We are coming up with the 3D version of \"Sholay\". The project is almost complete and will release on August 15. The movie is a classic and people will love to watch it with the technological augmentation.\"Some months back, there were reports on how Mukta Arts which had been working with Ketan Mehta's Maya Digital on turning this project into a reality, had washed its hands off the project because of the legal hassles that the Sippy family had been currently embroiled in.Says Jayanti Lal Gada, CMD at Pen India Private Ltd, the 3D house now involved in making of this version of the movie, \"We are planning to release the movie on Aug 15 because it was released on the same day in 1975. The idea of the 3D version came from copyright owners of the movie. I believe, it is the best movie to augment with special effects. After 20 years of its release when the movie was first screened on DD national, it registered a TRP of 65. That is the highest TRP of any movie showcased on Indian television. We hope, people will like its 3D form as well.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12476074", "title": "12-year-old boy hangs at home", "text": "CHENNAI: A 12-year-old boy committed suicide on Thurday evening after his sister scolded him for breaking her nose stud.S Pandiaraj, a Class 7 student of a government higher secondary school in Kandhan Chavadi, was the youngest of four children. \"Pandiaraj came home from school at 4pm. He used to go out and play with his friends but that day he stayed home watching TV,\" said Pandiaraj's father Subbiah, who works at a roadside eatery.After Subbiah left for work at 5pm, Pandiaraj had an argument with his sister over a broken nose stud. Half an hour later, she went to her tuition class, leaving Pandiaraj alone at home. When Pandiaraj's mother Andal and sister returned home at 6.45pm, they found him hanging from the ceiling. He had used his sister's dupatta to hang himself.Thoraipakkam police recovered the boy's body, which was sent to the government hospital in Royapettah for autopsy. The police have registered a case under Section 174 (unnatural death) of Criminal Procedure Code and further investigations are on.For the family that stays in a small asbestos-roofed house in Kallukuttai near Thoraipakkam, Pandiaraj was the only ray of hope. \"He did well in school and we never got any complaints from his teachers,\" says Subbiah. \"We had great dreams for him and hoped he would shoulder the family's responsibilities some day.\"Therapists say that incidents like these are on the increase because children are not taught coping skills. \"They need to learn to solve problems with the guidance and support of parents,\" says family therapist Brinda Jayaraman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12476231", "title": "\u2018Aadhaar\u2019 may help identify dead man", "text": "PANAJI: With Calangute police yet to establish the identity of a middle aged man, who drowned at Calangute beach on Wednesday, they have now obtained his fingerprints and sent it to all police stations in the state to verify his identity. Police feel that the man's identity will be revealed through the fingerprints, if he had enrolled himself under the government's 'Aadhar' scheme.A photo of the victim along with the fingerprints has also been sent to all police stations in the state. \"If within a week, we are not able to establish the identity of the victim, we will then send it to police stations across the country,\" a police source said.The police say, the victim, an Indian national in his early forties drowned off Calangute beach at around 11am when Drishti Special Response Services lifeguards spotted and tried to rescue him. They took him to the primary health centre at Candolim, where he was declared 'brought dead'. The body has been preserved at the Goa medical college (GMC)and hospital, Bambolim.In another incident, on March 29, an unknown male person, in his early forties was found dead near the 'Bandodkar Samadhi' at Miramar. Police conducted the inquest and shifted the body to the GMC for identification.The police are also trying to trace the victim's relatives, sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12477166", "title": "Save water resources: DDO", "text": "ALLAHABAD: District Development Officer (DDO) RC Pandey on Friday said that efforts were underway to apprise citizens of the Sangam city to save water resources. Claiming that contribution of each and every individual is the key point to tackle water scarcity, he said that citizens must come forward to protect the water resources.DDO said that the motto of district authorities to apprise people about the importance of every drop of water further seeking their active participation in the novel deed.He said that the time has come that people should positively think over the current water crisis scenario and should initiate corrective measures in the same regard.Experts meanwhile claimed that long-term solution would be to find alternative sources. They added rainwater harvesting structures should be installed at every crossroad and roadside drains should be present to rejuvenate groundwater.Officials pointed out that about 80 percent of water used daily in homes is discharged as waste water into the sewage system.Apart from the water used for flushing toilets, a bigger quantity of waste water is generated from the kitchen, bathroom, and wash-basins that can be possibly re-used, after minor treatment, for gardening and flushing purpose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12476509", "title": "Animation safari at Toonz", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Toonz Animation India will be conducting an 'Animation Safari' at Toonz Studio in Technopark for three days from April 2.The session titled 'The journey of a story through' would mainly target students above 15 years of age, who aspire to foray into the filed of animation production.The session will have an interactive case study based on 'Toonz's home production 'Jil Jil Genie' an animated TV series which was aired in Cartoon Network and POGO and also on the world acclaimed classic 'Avatar', followed by a studio tour to get a firsthand experience on the making of cartoons.Each session would be of three hours duration without fee and admission will be strictly based on registration on a first cum first serve basis. For details contact: 9249494908, 0471-6451415.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12475144", "title": "Govt names seven for Rajasthan Ratna award", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government on Friday instituted the \"Rajasthan Ratna\" award for persons who have made distinguished contributions in the fields of art, culture and literature.On the occasion of Rajasthan Foundation Day (March 30), chief minister Ashok Gehlot announced the names of seven distinguished Rajasthanis as the first recipients of the award. These included Maand singer Allah Jilai Bai, poet Kanhaiyalal Sethia, authors Komal Kothari, Laxmi Kumari Chundawat and Vijay Dan Detha, Ghazal singer Jagjit Singh and Grammy award winner Vishwa Mohan Bhatt. Except for Chundawat, Detha and Bhatt, the rest of the winners have been conferred the award posthumously.\"The Rajasthan Ratna awardees would be given Rs 1 lakh cash, a shawl and a citation,\" chief minister Gehlot announced in the state assembly. The state award is on the lines of the highest civilian award \"Bharat Ratna\" conferred by the Centre.Allah Jilai Bai (1902-1992) was a folk singer who made the songs \"Kesariya Baalam\" and \"Moomal\" identical with Rajasthan. In pre-Independence India she used to sing in the court of Bikaner Maharaja Ganga Singh and was well versed in Maand, Thumri, Khayal and Dadra styles of classical singing.Sethia (1919-2008) hailed from Churu district and made outstanding contributions to Rajasthani literature and culture. His poems gave a peep into rural Rajasthan. Kothari (1929-2004), was an authority on Rajasthani folk traditions. He was secretary of Rajasthan Academy of dance, drama and music. Popularly known as Komalda, he was friends with Detha, both of whom founded the Rupayan Sansthan as an academic venture to explore the Rajasthani folk traditions.Detha was short listed for the Nobel Prize in literature for his short stories on Rajasthani life this year. His book \"Bataan ri Phulwari\", while his short story \"Duvida\" inspire the Bollywood movie Paheli.Singh (1941-2011) gained recognition across the country as Ghazal singer, songwriter and musician. The government of India awarded him Padma Bhushan in 2003.Chundawat is an author and has been a member of the state assembly from 1962 to 1971 and a Rajya Sabha member from 1972 to 1978. She has also served as the ruling Congress's state president. Chundawat received the Padma Shri award in 1984 for her contribution to Rajasthani literature.Indian slide guitar player Bhatt won the Grammy award in 1994 for his album 'A Meeting by the River' with Ry Cooder. He is also a recipient of the Sangeet Natak Academy Award (1998) and Padma Shri (2002).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12475666", "title": "Munni's uncle sold her off to traffickers", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 13-year-old maid was rescued on Thursday from a Dwarka home where she had been locked up for five days as her employers vacationed in Thailand .The Child Welfare Committee said on Friday that the child did all household chores like washing, ironing, cleaning bathrooms and utensils, but was neither given two square meals nor told what her salary was. It said she was made to eat chappatis most of the time and rarely given vegetables, dal and tea.The police have registered a case against the couple, identified in the FIR as Dr Sanjay Verma and Dr Sumita Verma, who are expected back from Bangkok on Saturday. They had left last Sunday.The CWC said Munni, a resident of Gumla in Jharkhand , was forced out of school by her uncle who then passed her on to a trafficker. The girl eventually ended up being pushed into domestic work through a placement agency.\"An FIR has been registered under Sections 23 and 26 of the Juvenile Justice Act, Section 16 of Bonded Labour System (Abolition) Act, Section 14 and Section 3 of the Child Labour Prohibition and Regulation Act and relevant sections of the IPC,\" said DCP (southwest) A K Ojha.On Thursday, Munni was notice by a group of maids and was rescued. The couple had employed the girl almost seven months ago as a replacement to another help who had run away. This is the second case of a child being rescued from a doctor's home in a week. On Wednesday, another minor was rescued from a cardiologist's home in Kirti Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12477192", "title": "Delay in pension irks High Court", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Allahabad High Court has taken a serious note of the act of the manager of an educational institution for not forwarding the papers of a retired class IV employee for release of her pension to the office of the DIOS even after lapse of eight years of her retirement. The petitioner Champa Devi, retired as a class IV employee in 2004, but till date her pension had not been released for the reasons unknown to her.Treating this case as serious one, Justice Sabhajeet Yadav directed the district magistrate and superintendent of police, Maharajganj, to ensure presence of the principal as well as the manager of the institution, Shiv Japat Singh Janata Inter College, Bhitauli Bazar, Maharajganj in the court on April 11, 2012. The DM and SP have been asked by the court to produce both principal and manager in the court, so that they may explain the position as to why they did not appear in the court on earlier occasions, despite having knowledge of the case. They shall also explain as to why the papers for release of pension of petitioner was not forwarded to the DIOS. The court also directed Maharajganj DIOS to come to the court. They would have to explain as to why interest and heavy exemplary cost be not imposed upon them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12481660", "title": "Lakshmi Manchu aims for six releases", "text": "The actor whose new TV show \"Luck Unte Lakshmi\" went on air on March 30, is hopeful and wants to have at six releases this year .She posted on a micro blogging site saying, \"This year has been so scarily satisfying and incredibly overwhelming. If all goes well I will have 6 releases this year. God bless.\" (sic).The actor who was last seen in \"Dongala Mutha\" is currently filming four films, \"Department\" along with Rana Daggubati, \"Gondello Godari\" (\"Maranthen Mannithen\" in Tamil) and \"Kadal\" with Mani Ratnam . She is also producing Sekhar Raja's \"Uu Kodathara? Ulikki Padathara?\" which stars her actor brother Manoj Manchu and Deeksha Seth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12475667", "title": "Most cases are not detected", "text": "NEW DELHI: Back to back cases of doctors employing and abusing minors may have shocked the city but child welfare experts say exploitation of poor children from Jharkhand , Orissa and West Bengal is rampant among the middle class here.Activists and NGOs say hundreds of children from impoverished families in these states are rescued in the capital every year. Placement agencies lure them from home with promises of work as fulltime domestic helps but leave them exposed to every kind of abuse - financial, mental, physical and sexual.\"In 2011, we got 25 cases of domestic child workers who were abused by employers and placement agencies. This year, till March, we have received nine such cases,\" said Raaj Mangal Prasad, chairperson of Child Welfare Committee (CWC), Lajpat Nagar. There are six CWC offices in the city's nine districts.\"Only 10% of the actual number of children employed as domestic helps are identified and rescued due to lack of monitoring by the labour department, which is supposed to conduct raids regularly,\" said Prasad.Rakesh Sengar, activist with Bachpan Bachao Aandolan, said children are commonly employed as domestics in metro cities. \"Middle class double-income families tend to employ children as full-time domestics as they are docile and not demanding.\"Sengar said his organization rescues 10-20 children every month. \"The culprits are mostly from the middle class: doctors, professors and businessmen. They are aware that child labour is illegal and punishable yet flout the rules for their convenience.\"Nishi Kant, executive director of the NGO Shakti Vahini said oversight and absence of registration requirements had led to the unregulated growth of placement agencies.Another activist said, \"Employers need to be careful in determining the age of domestic helps and the possibility of their being trafficked. An employer can be jailed if the child help complains about forced labour and denial of minimum wages\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12476535", "title": "He shoots winner wildlife series", "text": "BANGALORE: Evolve or face extinction, expounds the law of natural world. As wildlife photographer and documentary filmmaker Sandesh Kadur's films travel to festivals across the globe, many winning accolades, he constantly strives to evolve to make a mark. On Thursday, hands went up for Kadur's first episode of Secrets of Wild India - Elephant Kingdom, winning the best of category TV series at the International Wildlife Film Festival (IWFF) in Missoula, Montana .As a Bangalorean, Kadur constantly contends with challenges to make an impact in the international arena. \"Wildlife filmmaking is a fairly small but highly competitive world. My challenge is to constantly stay in the radar and be willing to adapt to change,\" says Kadur.The recent IWFF accolade leaves the filmmaker feeling on top of the world.It took grit, determination , hard work and luck to get here. And there's the magical winning ingredient called teamwork. \"I owe the win to the generous support from the forest department, assistant cameraman Chinmay Rane, my field assistant Bhuvan and Kazirangabased researcher Karpagam Chelliah,\" says Kadur.And the secret to capturing the life truths of the creatures of the jungle lies in being in the right place at the right time. Along with wildlife guru Sir David Attenbourough's voice for narration , these elephant secrets are a treat to the senses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12481908", "title": "Lakshmi Mittal tops Asian Rich List 2012 in UK", "text": "LONDON: NRI steel tycoon Lakshmi Mittal and his family continue to head the Asian Rich List 2012 despite their wealth coming down by 2 billion pounds at 13.5 billion pounds.This is stated in the Asian Rich List, naming Britain's '101 Wealthiest Asians 2012' and brought out by EasternEye, a publication of the Asian Media &amp; Marketing Group (AMG).The Rich List was officially released last night by Ramniklal Solanki, CBE Editor-in-Chief, Asian Media &amp; marketing Group in the presence of Keith Vaz , MP, at the Asian Business Awards ceremony.The Hindujas, whose activities span from transport to oil, have seen their fortune improve further with a wealth of 9.5 billion pounds during the year, up 500 million pounds, to finish second in the list.Anil Agarwal , chairman of Vedanta Group, is third in the list with a fortune of 3.2 billion pounds, down 1.3 billion pounds, from last year.Lord Swraj Paul, chairman of Caparo and chancellor of Westminster and Wolverhampton Universities, is 7th in the list with a wealth of 675 million pounds -- up 75 million from last year.According to the report, Lord Paul has looked into the future and what he sees is carbon fibre - or \"composites\" to use the correct technical term. Objects that are constructed today from steel could tomorrow be made from carbon fibre, Lord Paul said.Lord Paul who has witnessed many a technical innovation in his 81 years, does not rule out such a possibility. \"In future, I would not be surprised if it could be,\" he was quoted as saying.Lord Paul pointed out that \"Airbus uses a lot of carbon fibre parts and so does the latest aircraft from Boeing - the 787\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "forbesganj", "code": "12476769", "title": "Sashastra Seema Bal jawan shot dead in Araria", "text": "FORBESGANJ: Both the Sashastra Seema Bal (SSB) and district police are in a fix after an SSB jawan was found dead near Bathnaha haat barely 100 meters away from the SSB camp under Bathnaha police station in Forbesganj subdivision in Araria district on Thursday.The SSB officials were befuddled when the 32-year-old SSB jawan, Lalit Mohan Gini, did not report for duty on Thursday morning. A frantic search led them to his body lying in a pool of blood barely 100 meters away from the camp at Bathnaha, SSB sources said.Araria SP Shivdeep Lande on Friday said that the autopsy report confirmed bullet injuries. The assailants had shot him dead and later dragged his body and abandoned it near the SSB camp at Bathnaha purposely fabricating the place of occurrence to confuse the investigating agencies. The SSB jawan had been apparently shot dead some five to six hours back and his body was dragged some distance away and abandoned. A forensic team has been summoned, Lande said.The SP said that the police were probing the killing of the SSB jawan from different angles. It is queer how he wandered from the camp at the dead of night, police said. The police also quizzed his friends and female jawans at the camp. The slain SSB jawan was a habitual drunkard and was often found in a state of inebriatedness, police said. SSB DIG K P Singh also visited the camp.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12474285", "title": "All CET for swansong on Sunday", "text": "NAGPUR: Along with summer, students are also preparing for exam heat. Many of them will appear for the final edition of All India Pre-Medical Test (AIPMT) on Sunday. Almost all through last year, confusion over which common medical exam will be held in the country had everybody on tenterhooks. Finally, the central government decided to postpone National Eligibility cum Entrance Test (NEET) to 2013.Dr Nandini Babhulkar, a parent who actively opposed NEET 2012, said, \"After NEET was postponed and it became clear we will continue with older format, there was enough time for everyone to study. Students who were already preparing for AIPMT amid last year's confusion have no problems and those who have decided to go for MHT-CET too can breathe easy.\"Babhulkar advises students to not ignore their health as it is summer time. \"Usually students would not eat before going for exam but that increases chances of getting a sunstroke. Hence, breakfast is a must and they should carry water bottle too,\" she said.The AIPMT exam scheduled for Sunday is the preliminary test and only those who qualify will be allowed to appear for main exam. They will be given admissions on the basis of scores of the main exam. Sameer Phale, lecturer at Ambedkar College, said, \"They must revise thoroughly the NCERT book used by CBSE. In AIPMT they will only ask objective type questions from this book hence a revision will help. Students have to solve 200 questions in 180 minutes so time is crucial. There will be negative marking and \u00bc mark will be deducted for each wrong answer so it is better not to attempt a question they are unsure of.\"The Preliminary Examination would consist of one paper containing 200 objective type questions (four options with single correct answer) from Physics, Chemistry and Biology (Botany &amp; Zoology) to be answered on the specially designed machine-gradable sheet using ballpoint pen only.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12476917", "title": "2 file pleas to declare result void", "text": "LUDHIANA: The excitement surrounding Sutlej Club election has not died down even after the results' declaration. On Friday, two club members who contested the election filed separate petitions in a local court seeking the results to be held null and void.Sanjeev Dhanda, who lost the general secretary's post and Navtej Singh Natt, who lost the seat for bar secretary, have claimed the election was not fair and free. They have filed their plea in the court of civil judge Lakhvinder Kaur and the court has issued a notice to president of the club and returning officer to file a reply on April 3.In his plea, Tagore Nagar-resident Sanjeev has listed many discrepancies in the election. He pointed that according to the club's constitution returning officer should be a class one gazetted officer and should not be a member of the club or its executive committee. ''But those who were appointed in this election were executive committee members of club,'' he said. The second petitioner, Navtej Singh of Rani Jhansi Road, has demanded that the votes be counted again in front of him.President of the club and deputy commissioner Rahul Tewari said, ''Since the matter is subjudice all I can say is that the election was conducted free and fair. Every individual has the right to move court and we will file an appropriate reply in court on April 3.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "12475586", "title": "Collector orders inquiry into high prices of items", "text": "SALEM: District collector K Maharapushanam ordered authorities to take action against shops that sell consumable items above the maximum retail price (MRP) in crowded areas including bus stands, railway stations and by-pass roads.Retired police inspector S R Jayagopalan of Ammapet gave a petition to the collector in this regard during a grievance redress meet held at the Salem collectorate recently.In his petition, Jayagopalan alleged that a shop in VM complex in Arisipalayam Main Road had charged him Rs 110 for two bottles of soft drinks, instead of Rs 78. \"I bought two bottles of soft drinks on March 12 from the shop. As per the MRP, I should have paid only Rs 78. But I was charged Rs 110,\" Jayagopalan noted in the petition.As the shops were not supposed to sell the items above MRP rate, the retired inspector questioned about the extra charge.\"The vendor replied saying he was free to sell at any price he wished. He dared me to make a complaint,\" Jayagopalan stated in his petition. The bill for Rs 110 given by the vendor included charges for cooling the drinks, carry bags and labour.Jayagopalan took the matter to Pallapatti police and labour welfare office the same day the incident occurred. As no action was taken, he approached the Salem collector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12476482", "title": "What did Justice AJ Sadashiva panel of inquiry look into?", "text": "The National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) had, in 1999, set up a commission of inquiry headed by justice A J Sadashiva, a former Karnataka high court judge, to investigate the alleged atrocities committed on residents of 48 villages in the border areas of Karnataka and Tamil Nadu by security forces during the operations to nab forest brigand Veerappan. Former CBI director Narasimhan C L was also on the panel.Former Karnataka high court chief justice D M Chandrashekar and social activist Prof Ramdass of Mysore had petitioned the NHRC about alleged violation of human rights by the Special Task Forces of Karnataka and Tamil Nadu. The panel examined 293 persons and 38 police officials and visited various villages in Chamarajanagar and Mysore districts , MM Hills in Karnataka and Kolathur and Gobichettypalya in Tamil Nadu. It submitted its report in January 2007.Two tribal women had testified before the panel and claimed that they were first blindfolded, stripped and gang-raped by STF personnel. They said the policemen tortured them and gave them electric shocks just to get information from them about the movements of Veerappan and also their husbands. A sister of one of the tribal women who had testified was the third rape and torture victim.The three rape victims were paid Rs 5 lakh each and three other torture victims were paid Rs 2 lakh each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12476930", "title": "Baruipur child is not a polio patient", "text": "KOLKATA: In what came as a big relief for the state health department as well as the polio surveillance agencies here, the suspected polio case in Baruipur has turned out to be negative.The test results of the 17-month-old girl's stool sample were negative. \"The tests on the stool sample of Sumi Naskar, the polio suspect case from Bauirpur subdivisional Hospital, is over. According to test report, the samples have tested negative to polio virus,\" confirmed Asit Biswas, spokesperson of the state health and family welfare department.Sumi Naskar of Indrapala village was admitted to the Baruipur sub divisional hospital (BSDH) on March 12 with acute flaccid paralysis (AFP) and other symptoms of polio.According to the baby's parents, the girl had started developing weakness in her left limb after February 2, when she was taken to the Indrapala primary health centre for a routine immunization programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12476639", "title": "Civic body gets cracking on swimming pool safety norms", "text": "PUNE: For ensuring safety at all swimming pools in the city, the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) has started implementing rules for swimming pools with immediate effect. All safety related issues, as well as, basic infrastructure that is required at swimming pools have been covered in the rules.The implementation assumes significance amidst concerns that many swimming pools do not meet quality standards in terms of water used and recruitment of licensed lifeguards.The rules will be applicable for all swimming pools - both privately owned or operated, and also those managed by the civic body. The corporation will have powers to take action against swimming pool managers who do not follow the rules.In Pune, there are a total of 400 swimming pools out of which only 20 are run by the municipal corporation. The rest are in hotels, clubs or housing societies.Municipal officer of health R R Pardeshi said all swimming pools will have to comply with the rules. \"The rules are also applicable for PMC. We have taken steps to ensure compliance,\" he said.The rules about safety of swimmers state that for every 20 swimmers there should be one trained lifeguard. The lifeguards should have completed a training course from a recognized institute and while educational qualification is not the criteria for their selection, their age should be in the range of 18 to 40 years.The lifeguards should have an uniform which can be easily recognized and they should be vigilant and present at all times at the swimming pool. The seats for the lifeguards should be at an adequate height so that they are able to keep a watch on the entire swimming pool.Swimmers who need to make an application for getting daily or monthly pass, should have undergone medical examination particularly to ensure that they do not have any contagious skin diseases. The responsibility of implementation of the rules, as well as, implementing a common insurance scheme for swimmers will be with the management of the swimming pool.Training centre at the swimming pools should have posters, notice boards displaying instructions about pool safety as well as emergency help. If possible, the centres should also have audio or video cassettes having information on pool safety.Swimming pools should also display prominently a list of all emergency telephone numbers. The pools need to have a medical room with a mini-oxygen mask as well as arrangements for providing first-aid and a trainer who can provide first-aid.All swimming pools will need to have a public address system for issuing instruction to the swimmers. Similarly, the pools need to have proper lighting arrangements after sunset.For safety of learners and children as well as other swimmers, the pools need to have separate areas which are bifurcated with aluminum chain link or nylon mesh from the bottom of the pool to.30 metres above the water surface.The swimming pool dimensions should be of international standards, up to a maximum of 25 mtrs x 9 mtrs. The maximum depth of the pool should be five feet six inches. However, this rule will not be applicable for existing swimming pools.The swimming pools should have proper arrangements for water filtration as well as chlorination. Similarly, the pools should have proper water drainage facilities in case of accident. While health inspectors of the PMC are required to inspect the swimming pools every week, the higher officials will have to inspect the pools once a month and submit a report to the zonal medical officers.Although, some of these rules are not applicable for private and personal swimming pools, the owners would be responsible for any accident.Welcoming the implementation of the swimming pool rules, Kavita Sharma, president of the Rashtriya Life Saving Society (India) said this is the first step towards ensuring safety at swimming pools. \"It is not a difficult or expensive task to comply with the rules. These rules have to be followed for safety. The PMC is the implementing authority. We as safety consultants to the PMC for swimming pools had submitted the rules to the corporation,\" Sharma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12477824", "title": "Robbers stab elderly couple in Vasant Kunj", "text": "NEW DELHI: A senior-citizen couple was stabbed by unidentified robbers in Vasant Kunj in south Delhi on Friday night.They were admitted to Fortis Hospital and are said to be critical.Three masked men barged into the B5 house of V K Gupta (59) and his wife Kusumlata Gupta between 8.30pm and 9pm,said police officials.Resisted,the robbers stabbed the couple and fled.Police came to know about the incident late in the night.V K Gupta is a retired government official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12476802", "title": "Mysore firm wins bid for summer expo", "text": "MYSORE: The annual summer exhibition will be held at Dasara exhibition grounds from April 9 to May 23. The tender for the proposed 45-day exhibition has been given to Ashwini Enterprises and Builders, owned by a Mysorean, for Rs 24,75,000.B P Manjunath, chairman of Karnataka Exhibition Authority (KEA), said three bidders took part in the tender, which was conducted under e-procurement process.Manjumath came down heavily on S Arunkumar, advocate and convener of NGO Jaagruthi, for recently charging the KEA CEO and others with violating the tender conditions and the provisions of law, and \"causing a loss of over Rs 51 lakh\" during the 2011 Dasara exhibition.Rejecting Arunkumar's claims, Manjunath said: \"The allegation is far from truth. Arunkumar, who happens to be a lawyer, should speak truth. I don't think he knows how e-procurement functions. It does not give any scope for irregularities. He has been making such baseless allegations for the past three years. He had filed a case against KEA earlier too, but lost.\" Manjunath said he welcomes if Arunkumar takes the case to CBI too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12474260", "title": "Instead of Rs 13 lakh an acre, 65 Butibori oustees may get only Rs 3-4 lakh", "text": "NAGPUR: As the district administration starts disbursing payment for the land acquired for expansion of MIDC's Butibori industrial estate, some 65 families who did not accept the government offer price are looking down the barrel. Not only will their land be acquired by the government, regardless of their opposition, these families could end up getting hardly Rs 3-4 lakh per acre for their property as against the Rs 13 lakh that other oustees are getting.The state government acquired 1,570 hectare farmland for this project through what it called 'mutual consent'. A total of 743 households will lose their land for this industrial estate, out of which all except 65 families, who hold 122 hectares, have given their consent for the acquisition at a rate of Rs 13 lakh per acre.Ironically, those not accepting the government offer will still lose their land holding, for a much lower rate than others. The district administration offered Rs 13 lakh an acre to project affected persons (PAPs) in Butibori expansion project, but only to those accepting the offer.Those who declined the offer will face compulsorily acquisition, at the much lower government rates. Sources in MIDC say these rates may rise little beyond Rs 3-4 lakh an acre, since they are derived on the basis of the latest transactions taking place in the area. In some cases it might be even lower, said a source.MIDC acquired land from 10 villages in this area, with the last round of negotiations ending in May 2011. The disbursement of payment is underway now.The basic rate was pegged at Rs 11 lakh an acre, with an option of getting 12.5% developed land or another Rs 2 lakh in cash. Most PAPs opted for the extra cash compensation, taking the total deal to Rs 13 lakh per year.However, despite it being called a negotiated settlement, PAPs did not have an option to reject the offer, since the land could be taken over compulsorily too. The Rs 13 lakh an acre being paid now was the last offer from the government's side.Deputy collector Asha Pathan said the MIDC Act itself allows taking over of the land compulsorily. \"The PAPs have already been given two chances, now with all other formalities done, their land can be acquired at government rates,\" she said.Pathan said there are chances that a third offer may announced, but added that since she has been already transferred it would be solely up to the new officer to give the oustees another chance.Activists have flayed the government's stance. Vilas Bhongade, leader of PAPs in Gosikhurd project, says it would be vindictive on the part of the government if it does not pass on the higher rates to the handful who did not accept the final offer. Moreover, the very provision of having an option of compulsory acquisition if the offer is not accepted is against the principles of a negotiated settlement, he said.Mujib Pathan, a local political leader at Butibori, also said that the government should be generous and extend the Rs 13 lakh rate to all oustees so that there is no disparity among those losing their land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12474848", "title": "Pustola villagers face CRPF wrath", "text": "NAGPUR: The tragic saga of tribals being sandwiched between Naxals and security forces is being played out once again at Pustola village. The villagers here are feeling the heat from the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) after the blast near their hamlet claimed 12 troopers and injured 28 last week.It is learnt that the paramilitary forces have unleashed their fury on the villagers after suffering their biggest casualty figure since the unit came to camp at Gadchiroli a couple of years ago. A source in Gadchiroli said the CRPF let loose a reign of terror in the village and its adjoining localities immediately after the incident.\"The CRPF had even dragged away women and children,\" said the source. \"The entire Pustola village is now wearing an empty look, as most residents have either been taken in by the police or have fled the place for the fear of being implicated in cases,\" he said.A senior police official, who admitted that several people were rounded up, said many villagers were allowed to return after their antecedents were verified.\"We have zeroed down upon four suspects, who are being quizzed,\" said a senior officer. He also said that there were some complaints against paramilitary forces, which have been conveyed to the higher authorities for intervention.After a blast at Perimili in 2010, where both police and CRPF suffered casualties, there were reports of tough measures by security forces against villagers for allowing Naxals carry out the sabotage against them. The allegations were strong against CRPF personnel.Allegations had also surfaced against district police after they suffered 17 casualties at Laheri in 2009. The cops had allegedly thrashed villagers and confined them without any evidence, leading to strong resentment against the police.The cops have, meanwhile, changed their stance. They have switched to a much softer stance against the villagers. Unlike in the past, police have now constantly engaged in efforts to gain the confidence of local villagers, and held several beneficial meetings with them. A senior officer had also said that the cops had changed gear to the extent that they had stopped taking action against villagers who were forced to feed or shelter Naxals.The CRPF too has embarked on a 'civic action programme', where they have been conducting several welfare programmes. The CRPF troopers who were attacked at Pustola were also heading to Fulbodi Gatta for such a programme for villagers.\"With reactions like the one at Pustola, the efforts of such friendly gestures are defeated to a large extent,\" said a source, expressing disgust about the CRPF's behaviour with villagers after the Naxal attack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12476372", "title": "9 stone-crushers under lens", "text": "NASHIK: After cancelling mining leases for 15 quarries, the collectorate has issued show-cause notices to nine stone crushers in the Vilholi area located around 10km from Nashik , for violation of norms, including those relating to pollution control.\"We have issued show-cause notices to stone crushers for various breaches - related to the pollution control board and for violating permissions given by other agencies. Those issued notices have to comply within seven days. Failure to do so may lead to further action against them,\" said Nilesh Sagar, sub-divisional officer, Nashik.The industries in the vicinity have been complaining about the dust, pollution and other issues emanating from the quarries and/or produced by the stone crushers in the area. The stone crushing operations' proximity to the high-traffic national highway is another issue that the administration considered when issuing the notices.This action comes a day after the collectorate came down on 15 quarries, cancelling their lease for similar violations. According to mining officer Manoj Meshram, the collectorate recevived complaints from industries, locals and travelers in the area.Inspections revealed that there was breach of several conditions laid down by the town planning office, collectorate and other governing bodies. The quarries whose leases were cancelled were first issued notices. Their failure to comply resulted in further action against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-31"}
