{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12254707", "title": "Bombay High Court dissolves Shirdi temple trust", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay High Court on Tuesday disbanded the 15-member committee of the Shri Saibaba Sansthan Trust, which manages the affairs of one of the richest temples in India-the Saibaba temple at Shirdi. Hearing a public interest litigation filed by two Shirdi residents, which said that the committee had carried on way beyond its legal tenure, Justice Naresh Patil and Justice T V Nalawade of the Aurangabad bench of the high court directed the state government to appoint a new committee, failing which, it said, a three-member panel would be given the reins of the temple's administration.The three-member panel, which will be in place if a new committee is not appointed, comprises the collector of Ahmednagar, the additional district judge of Kopargaon and the chief executive officer of the Shirdi Sansthan. They will jointly oversee a trust that has a staggering annual turnover of over Rs 400 crore besides vast reserves of gold ornaments and investments.\"The original tenure of the existing committee was three years and should have ended in August 2007. But it continued for over seven years,\" said advocate Satish Talekar, who appeared along with advocate Pradip Patil for the petitioners. \"The committee is packed with political appointees, who were appointed by the government without checking their antecedents or qualifications. Some of the members are facing allegations of mismanagement and corruption.\"The court, however, said it would not go into the allegations against the trust members at this juncture and clarified that it had based its ruling only on the violation of the Shree Sai Baba Sansthan Trust (Shirdi) Act which was enacted in 2004. The law says that the maximum term of the committee is for three years, and an existing committee can continue on an ad hoc basis till a new board is appointed. \"But what was meant to be a stopgap arrangement till the new committee took over was continued in violation of rules,\" said advocate Talekar. \"We hope the government appoints members with integrity on the committee.\"The petition, filed by Shirdi residents Rajendra Gondkar and Sandip Kulkarni, had alleged mismanagement at various levels of the trust. As per the rules, the trust can disburse 30% of the funds to educational institutions and needy persons. The petitioners alleged that there was no accountability on disbursal of funds for over five years. Further, they said a four-acre plot allotted to the trust by the state, adjacent to the temple land, was used to construct a shopping complex named after a politician's relative. \"Recently, criminal proceedings were issued by a court against five members of the trust over allegations of misappropriation,\" said advocate Talekar.Trust chairman Jayant Sasane said that there was no \"controversy\" in the court order as far as the committee was concerned and that its members \"continued to serve Baba\" since a new committee was not constituted after their term ended. \"We are not contesting the move at all,\" he said. Asked if he would make a comeback bid, Sasane said, \"It is up to the chief minister and the Congress-NCP government to decide. However, everybody can see the kind of work this committee has done. Tourist influx has grown by leaps and bounds since 2004 when I first took over as have the assets of the shrine. We receive up to Rs 1.15 crore in cash donations each day. An entire economy has been created in the temple town, nurturing 25,000 people from the humblest flower seller to the biggest hotelier. We have organized 'Sai bhajan sandhya' events at the Royal Albert Hall in London as well as in Sydney attended by up to 10,000 people.\"Meanwhile, trustee Shailesh Kute said the operations of the temple would continue as usual. \"The aartis are being held to schedule and the inflow of devotees has not been affected either,\" he said. \"We will continue to do our work until a new committee is appointed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12255743", "title": "Budget: Bridges, power, STPs in focus", "text": "PANAJI: Improving water supply, setting up sewerage treatment plants in towns, laying underground power cabling in coastal areas, upgrading city infrastructure and providing bridge connectivity are some of the issues which are likely to find mention in the Goa budget 2012-13.These were among the major suggestions which came up during the pre-budget meeting chief minister Manohar Parrikar held with MLAs of the ruling coalition, at the secretariat on Tuesday evening.Parrikar had convened the meeting to know the suggestions of the 26 members of the ruling group - 21 MLAs from BJP, three from MGP and two independents supported by the BJP - Avertano Furtado (Navelim) and Benjamin D'Silva (Velim). Among those present were five ministers - Francis D'Souza, Laxmikant Parsekar, Ramkrishna 'Sudin' Dhavalikar, Matanhy Saldanha and Dayanand Mandrekar.After hearing the MLAs, the chief minister hinted that the government's focus will have to be on infrastructure, alleging that the previous government failed in this matter.During the meeting, the chief minister also enquired from officers present - principal chief engineer (PWD) J S Rego, managing director of Goa state infrastructure development corporation (GSIDC) and industries director Sanjit Rodrigues and director of urban development Sandeep Jacques, about the pending infrastructural projects.The chief minister emphasized the need to improve water supply across the state and to strengthen urban development. He also spoke of not neglecting coastal areas.Responding to suggestions, the chief minister said the government would consider going in for some bridges including Camurlim-Tuem, Savoi Verem -Tixem and Carona-Calvim. There were also suggestions for connectivity over rail links - in Cansaulim, Curchorem and Mayem.The allocation of portfolios to ministers which was to take place on March 13 has been deferred, probably by a day. Speculations were rife that Dhavalikar is demanding for the PWD portfolio. Sources said that Laxmikant Parsekar is likely to get health and panchayati raj, Francis D'Souza will be given urban development and IT, Mandrekar will get power and agriculture, and Matanhy will handle tourism.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12257176", "title": "Keep a check on how yoga is taught to your children", "text": "CHENNAI: Every morning, when Vishnu tries performing the Chakrasana (wheelpose ), he loses balance. The seven-year-old knows how to practise the asana, but the problem arises when he tries to bend his body in the pose. Learning yoga as part of school curriculum is important, but equally important is the way it is taught. So if your ward is attending his weekly or daily yoga classes in school, it's your duty to check whether he is practising the asanas (postures ) without errors.Yoga experts believe if the asanas are not practised correctly, they would not serve the purpose and there could be complications. To avoid this, many suggest the state government standardise yoga for all schools. \"In many schools, yoga is taught for the sake of teaching. The trainers should not mix the styles of different yoga experts. If they do, it will confuse the students. And that's what is happening in many schools. This situation can be changed only if there is uniformity in teaching yoga in schools,\" says Ganapathi Ramakrishnan, a senior yoga practitioner, whohadeven approachedthe governmentto press his point a couple of times in 2011.However, talking to TOI, R Sarayu Rani, head, biology department, Chettinad Vidyashram,saidstandardisation would never help. \"If you standardise and make it common, then every student will be learning the same programme from their trainers. Each student need to practise different asanas according to his physical and mental needs. Our trainer suggests some asanas to calm down naughty andsuper-activechildren. SoI don't believe in standardisation. What is important is who is teaching,\" said Rani.Very few schools in the city can afford expert yoga teachers. In many schools, either trained teachers or those hired from outside, are helping the students in yoga. With a class strength of at least 30, it will be difficult for the trainer to check every student.Finding good yoga trainers is very difficult these days, according to K R Nandakumar, general secretary of the Tamil Nadu Matriculation Higher Secondary Schools Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12254644", "title": "HC admits plea on law school for final hearing", "text": "NAGPUR: The plea for establishment of state's first National Law School (NLS) in the city was admitted for final hearing on Monday. It was listed before a division bench of Bombay High Court here comprising justices Bhushan Dharmadhikari and Arun Chaudhari.Earlier, the petitioner - Maha Arya Lawyers Association - filed an intervention accusing the Maharashtra government of creating confusion over setting up of the prestigious school in the state. Association secretary Shrikant Khandalkar, and his counsels Vishal Anand and Kishor Ghugguskar, attached a copy of the government's affidavit filed in the Aurangabad bench where it assured that NLS would be set up in that city and a decision in this regard was taken during a cabinet meeting way back on August 26, 2009. It was filed by deputy secretary of higher and technical education Rajaram Jadhav at Aurangabad bench while hearing a PIL (No 9207/2011) by Lawyers Forum for Utility and Litigating Public.In another affidavit filed by the government in the Nagpur bench last week, it stated that setting up of NLS in Nagpur was under consideration and another proposal for setting one in Mumbai was pending.Khandalkar, in his intervention, alleged that the government is trying to mislead the judiciary by making contrasting statements over setting up of the institution in three different cities and also fooling the people residing therein. He prayed for clearing confusion on the vexed issue. TOI has been reporting as to how uncertainty was created following demands from three cities - Mumbai, Aurangabad and Nagpur - to establish the prestigious institute at their places. It was followed by promises by chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and deputy CM Ajit Pawar to open three NLS in state. But India has 16 such law schools with only one in every state.During winter assembly session in December in the city, minister for higher and technical education Rajesh Tope tried to clear the confusion in an interview with TOI stating that the centre would fund only one NLS while other two would be raised by the state, but those would be at par with similar infrastructure and facilities. He also said that the state had already set-up a full-fledged law university on the premises of Water and Land Management Institute at Aurangabad which will be stand alone university.However, Jadhav's affidavit in Aurangabad bench once again added to the confusion. Contradicting Tope's statement, he added that the government had identified a land at Karodi near Aurangabad and was also exploring a possibility of using Government BEd College till new building and infrastructure was erected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12255931", "title": "First copy case reported in city in three years", "text": "AHMEDABAD: First copy case during the HSC and SSC exams was reported in Ahmedabad after three years when a boy was caught with a chit in his hand at an SSC exam centre in Bhavna School of Vastral on Tuesday.Ahmedabad district education officer (DEO) RI Patel, who holds twin charges of DEO, city and rural, said that the boy was coming out of the toilet when he was apprehended with a chit in his hand. \"He was caught red-handed. A case of copying was recorded,\" Patel said. The DEO has received a complaint in this regard and carried out a check on Tuesday at the school.This is the first copy case recorded in the city in three years. Two years ago, mass copying was reported in Mandal where the entire staff of the exam centre was changed, but no case of copying was recorded. This year, 50-odd cases of copying have been recorded during the ongoing board exams all over the state. Of this, Junagadh has the maximum share with 15 cases of copying recorded in exam centres in Saurashtra district. On Tuesday, seven copy cases were recorded of which three were in Porbandar, two in Godhra and one each in Ahmedabad and Anand. Ahmedabad generally sees rare cases of copying as the vigilance is reported to be far more stringent in the district. Maximum squads and flying squads, too, are posted at the city and rural exam centres making rampant copying rare. However, this year, there were complaints of mass copying at exam centres in rural areas and eastern parts of the city. In eastern parts, there were reports that many subject teachers were dictating answers to multiple-choice questions of 50 marks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12257148", "title": "New mode of transport a distant dream for Walled City", "text": "JAIPUR: The possibilities of Pink City witnessing a new mode of public transport in the form of Personal Rapid Transit System (PRTS) seem to be dim. Reason -- the company that had earlier given a presentation of the project, has now asked the state government to first sign a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) before it submits a feasibility report on the project.According to official sources, the state government has refused to do so as all such projects have a certain procedure where it first looks into the feasibility report and then invites tenders. \"As per the norms MoU cannot be signed with a single firm directly as objection can be raised that the project is awarded to benefit a particular company.\" said an official source. He added, \"Still, we have asked the company to submit the feasibility report. If they submit it we will consider the project. It was never mandatory for the firm to submit a feasibility report.\"After seeing the initial presentation from a Noida-based firm, VR Consultant on PRTS, the state government has asked the company to present a report in a month's time on the feasibility of the project, its cost and how it is better than other modes of transportation in the Walled City. However, according to senior officials at JDA the firm wants to sign an MoU after the presentation. Also, with just three manufacturers of such cars in the world, the project could also be a costly affair.The PRTS project was proposed for the Walled City. Under this system, automatic cars without a driver, popularly known as Podcar, were expected to ply in busy lanes of Walled City leading to hassle-free transportation. The system would have been best suited for the congested roads of Walled City as the waiting time for these cars is less than a minute and the cars are eco-friendly. If the project was started the construction of PRTS could have been completed in less than 18 months for a 10 km stretch.So far the company has a presence in UAE and in India it has signed MoU with the Punjab government to ply Podcar between the Golden Temple and railway station in Amritsar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12257126", "title": "World-Class city: Supreme Court seeks report by April 16", "text": "JAIPUR: The Supreme Court has granted state government time till April 16 to submit a detailed plan to make Jaipur a world-class city as suggested by advocate general G S Bapna. The apex court has been monitoring the actions of the state government in making Jaipur an international hub for tourism.The matter has reached the Supreme Court following a Special Leave Petition filed by Jaipur Municipal Corporation against one Lekh Raj whose encroachment was sought to be dismantled. However, owing to a protection extended by the high court, the JMC moved Supreme Court.It was contended on behalf of Lekh Raj in the SC that a large number of encroachments are there in entire Jaipur and his construction has been maliciously picked up to be dismantled.On Tuesday, advocate general G S Bapna told a division bench of the Supreme Court that the state government has taken note of the directives of courts as also the empowered committee constituted in this regard. Choura Rasta has been selected as a model road where all the electricity lines will pass through underground cables and illegal encroachments will be removed, the court was informed.\"The bench has asked the state to identify public parking places in JDA and municipal regions so that the main problem of traffic congestion in Walled City is sorted out. The court has also asked us to inform it about the decision of making all public utility points underground,\" said Bapna.\"The state government has already asked all the departments to coordinate and suggest the feasibility of putting underground electricity cables as also underground public utilities in the Walled City as well as in outer region of Jaipur, which is in progress,\" Bapna told the court.Taking a note of the statement made by AG, the SC directed the government to take a final decision regarding various issues by April 16 and further apprise the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12256178", "title": "Private wedding halls under Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation glare", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) has made it mandatory for private marriage mandaps to pay user fee to organise marriages at their venues. The corporation took the step following poor response from these mandaps to get them registered under express cleaning service (ECS) to tackle the issue of solid waste management.BMC at its monthly council meeting on Tuesday decided that the marriage mandaps would be asked to obtain permission from the corporation and pay Rs 1,000 for conducting each wedding. \"The mandaps usually dump heaps of waste outside making it difficult for us to clean. Now the mandaps must obtain permission for the marriages and pay user fee to clean the mess. Violators would be taken to task,\" BMC mayor A N Jena said.Last year, the corporation had asked commercial establishments, including the marriage mandaps, to avail of the ECS by paying certain monthly fee to BMC. Under the ECS scheme, BMC sweepers would lift garbage from hotels, hospitals, restaurants and marriage venues on a daily basis. But there were few takers.Sources said more than 50 private marriage mandaps exist in Bhubaneswar. Around 30 hotels have facilities for marriage mandaps and another 42 community centres were paying requisite fee for the use of their premises as community centres, sources said. BMC runs nine marriage venues, consisting of seven Kalyan Mandaps and two community centres at different places in the city. Eighteen new Kalyan Mandaps are in the offing as announced by BMC earlier.Meanwhile, in a belated move the BMC has decided to provide Rs five lakh to the veterinary wing to state-run Veterinary Poly Clinic here sterilize stray dogs. The canine population has shot up to nearly 25,000 from 15,000 in 2008. Fifty percent of the stray dog population is female. \"There was some technical problems earlier, for which the fund could not have been provided to the veterinary wing,\" the mayor said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12256632", "title": "Forced conversion of Hindus in Pakistan jolts US out of slumber", "text": "WASHINGTON: Pakistan's state-endorsed discrimination, and in some cases extermination, of its minorities has finally caught the eye of Washington lawmakers. Coming on the heels of support in Congress for a Baloch homeland in the face of Islamabad's depredations in the region, a US Congressman has zeroed in on the abduction and forced religious conversion of Hindus in the country highlighted by the case of Rinkel Kumari.In a sharply-worded letter to Pakistan's President Asif Ali Zardari , Congressman Brad Sherman urged him to take action to ensure the return of Rinkel Kumari to her family, pursuant to reports that she had been abducted with the help of a Pakistan People's Party (PPP) lawmaker. In a case that has been widely reported in the liberal Pakistani media, Rinkel, who was abducted on February 24, was forced to marry one Naveed Shah and convert to Islam.She was subsequently produced before a civil judge twice, but she was reportedly coerced into claiming that she had converted on her own will, even as her family was denied access to her in kangaroo court proceedings that revealed in video clips to be led by a frenzied mob of zealots, including armed followers of the Pakistani lawmaker. According to Pakistani civil liberties activists in Washington DC, Rinkel was allegedly threatened while in police custody that if she did not change her statement, she and her family would be killed.''Rinkel Kumari's case is just one case of abduction and forced religious conversion in Pakistan,'' Congressman Sherman said in the letter to Zardari, citing the Asian Human Rights commission figure of 20-25 kidnappings and forced conversions of Hindu girls in Sindh every month. ''I urge you to take all necessary steps to bring an end to this practice and other harassment of Hindus in Pakistan.''The Rinkel Kumari case was brought to the attention of US lawmakers not by Hindu activists but by the Sindhi American Political Action Committee (SAPAC), a lobby group that, like the Baloch groups, is increasingly asserting the secular and syncretic identity of Pakistan's Sindhi community in the face of growing Islamization in the country. Sapac activists are telling US lawmakers that state sponsored discrimination against minority groups in Pakistan is rampant and is causing Hindus to migrate out of Pakistan in droves.Hindus, who constituted more than 15 per cent of Pakistan's population soon after Partition, have now dwindled to less than two per cent, mostly in some districts of Sindh. There have been several reports in recent months of Hindu families seeking to migrate to India in the face of growing radical Islamization of Pakistan, including abduction and forcible conversions, but it is the first time that Washington, which literally slept over Pakistan's genocide of Bengalis in 1970-71, is paying attention to the issue.US interest in the Rinkel Kumari case comes close on the heels of sudden support in Congress for Baloch self-determination, an effort led by California lawmaker Dana Rohrabacher. That effort has rattled Islamabad to the extent that it has told American interlocutors that Pakistan-US ties will be deeply affected if Washington interfered in Balochistan, even though the Obama administration has clarified that support for an independent Balochistan is confined to the Hill, where lawmakers are free to introduce any legislation they deem appropriate. That in turn resulted in Sherry Rehman, Pakistan's ambassador to the U.S.,, writing to House Speaker John Boehner, expressing deep concern over Congressional action on Balochistan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12255845", "title": "NGOs to petition CM to scrap RP 2021", "text": "MARGAO: A number of NGOs across Goa, along with members of village level committees and members of the public, signed a petition to be submitted to chief minister Manohar Parrikar demanding the immediate scrapping of Regional Plan 2021 (RP 2021).The NGOs stated that only by scrapping the RP could the government truly incorporate all suggestions forwarded by the village level committees. They claim the notified plan not only ignored these suggestions but were guilty of massive errors they allege would destroy Goa.\"We hereby request you to immediately implement the most pressing of all your pre-poll assurances which is the scrapping of the RP 2021,\" read the petition drafted by Goenche Xettkarancho Ekvott (GXE) president Dilip Hegde.Addressing media persons on Tuesday, representatives of various NGO's endorsed the stand taking by GXE and added that not only did they reject the stand taken by Goa Bachao Abhiyan which is in favour of retaining RP 2021, they also found the continued insistence of GBA to defend the RP to be incomprehensible.TOI had reported on Tuesday that state level committee (SLC) members who helped draw up RP 2021 as well as GBA had cautioned about the disastrous consequences for the state's eco-sensitive landmass should the plan be withdrawn.On the other hand, social activist Franky Monteiro alleged that retaining RP 2021 would accommodate the corrupt practices behind the large-scale changes in zones that he claims were exposed recently by the recovery of 26 crore from a former government official.Another activist Zarinha Da Cunha asserted that they had examined the suggestions of 60 village level committees and appealed to the government to immediately commence a review of all permissions given under RP 2021 since it was first notified on November 24, 2011.\"The impression that the Regional Plan 2001 is more dangerous than RP 2021 is a myth created by those who have vested interest in RP 2021,\" Da Cunha said, while claiming no further scope for abuse of RP 2001 was possible given the slowing down of conversions in the last four years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12254742", "title": "Z-plus security tag for Pak panel", "text": "MUMBAI: The eight-member Pakistani judicial commission likely to arrive in Mumbai on March 15 will be provided Z-plus security cover, following intelligence reports of a possible strike by the Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT).Sources said that the commission will be provided Z-plus security cover as there is intelligence that the LeT may try to disturb the 26/11 judicial probe going on in Pakistan against its six prominent members-Sayyed Hafeez, Zaki Ur Rahman Lakhvi, Abu Kahafa, Abdul Rahman, Sajid Majid and Zarar Shah.The six are accused of facilitating, aiding and abetting the 10 Pakistanis who sneaked into India and carried out the November 2008 terror strikes.The police said that the commission will examine four 26/11 witnesses- chief investigating officer Ramesh Mahale, chief metropolitan magistrate Sawant Waghule, Dr Shailesh Mohite of Nair Hospital and Dr Ganesh Nitukar medical officer of the Forensic Science Department at JJ Hospital.While Mahale interrogated the lone surviving gunman, Ajmal Kasab , Waghule recorded Kasab's statements during the initial stage and the two doctors conducted medical tests on Kasab.Sources said the police have made elaborate security arrangements at the places where the commission is likely to visit. Though they will be in the city for four to five days, their itinerary has been kept secret. Sources said that the panel will stay at the state guest house on Malabar Hill.\"Beside the terror threat, there is a possibility that some political parties may try to disturb the peace in the city due to their presence and hence we are not taking any chances,\" said an official.However, crime branch officers revealed that the panel may not be allowed to meet Kasab. The commission comprises defence lawyers Khwaja Haris, Riyaz Akram Chaudhari, Fakhar Hayat, Raja Ullah- Khan and Issam bin- Haris. It also consists of special public prosecutors Chaudhari Mohammad Azhar and Chaudhary Zulfikar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12256629", "title": "Man survives with brother\u2019s kidney despite mismatch", "text": "NEW DELHI: For 54-year-old Pyaare Lal who suffered from kidney failure, the dearth of donors was not the problem. His elder brother offered to donate one of his kidneys. However, a blood group mismatch rendered their kidneys incompatible. But that was a small deterrent for doctors at Apollo Hospital who conducted a successful transplant using the incompatible kidney. Today, Lal is ahealthy man.\"We used a special technique to prime the recipient's defence system to accept an organ with a mismatched blood type. The process involved blood cleansing through plasma exchange that rids the system of cells that would have rejected the previously incompatible kidney. We administered the patient with a drug called Rituximab to reduce antibodies in his blood. Pyaare's blood type is O while his brother's is type B,\" said Dr Sanjiv Jasuja, senior consultant nephrologist at Apollo. Numerous patients with kidney failure are not able to undergo transplant due to the non-availability of donors with a matching blood group, he said.Dr Gaurav Sagar, another senior doctor, said transplants involving incompatible kidneys have been carried out successfully in Mumbai and Ahmedabad and foreign countries like Japan. \"The five-year survival rate of patients in such cases is almost as good as in regular transplants with matching donors,\" Sagar claimed.Meanwhile, Lal, who was on dialysis for a year, couldn't be happier. \"My wife and sister-inlaw have the same blood group as me. However, they couldn't donate their kidneys because of health problems like high blood pressure. I had lost all hope and thought that I was going to die. Even my brother, though willing, could not donate the organ. The doctors have given me a new lease of life,\" said the patient, a farmer based in Ghazipur, Uttar Pradesh. The surgery cost Rs 10 lakh approximately.In India, approximately 1,75,000 kidneys, 50,000 hearts and 50,000 livers are needed for transplantation every year, said Dr Anupam Sibal, group medical director, Apollo Hospital. \"There is a need to promote organ donation,\" he said. At present, only 0.1% of all donations are from cadavers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "attari", "code": "12256348", "title": "Sri Sri Ravi Shankar on peace mission to Pakistan", "text": "ATTARI: Spiritual leader Sri Sri Ravi Shankar said he would spread the message of peace and harmony during his three-day visit to Pakistan beginning on Monday.Before crossing over to the neighbouring country through the Attari-Wagah border, the the Art of Living guru said he was going there on a peace mission.During his visit, the second to Pakistan, he said he would meet politicians, students , business and social classes and others to disseminate the message of peace and harmony. On the problem faced by the Hindu community there, he said everybody had a right to live and follow their religion.Underlining the need for people-to-people contacts between the countries, he urged youth to commit themselves for the creation of a non-violent and harmonious South Asia.Besides visiting places of religious significance, including the Badshahi mosque, Ravi Shankar would inaugurate an Art of Living centre there. During his previous visit in July 2004, he had inaugurated the Art of Living's stress elimination programmes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12254685", "title": "AI pilot in Mumbai runway mishap had poor record", "text": "MUMBAI: The Air India commander who piloted the aircraft that had a tail strike while landing at Mumbai airport on Monday was, by all accounts, not proficient enough for the job. Promoted a few weeks ahead of Women's Day despite a poor track record, there are allegations that this was a gender-related concession.On Monday, Air India's Ahmedabad-Mumbai flight AI614 was seconds away from touchdown when its tail hit the runway, causing considerable damage to the aircraft. That the tail of an A319 aircraft should hit the runway when landing has come as a shock to the aviation industry. Unlike other aircraft such as the A321 or the B737-800, an A319 is comparatively shorter and consequently, its nose has to be heavily pitched up for its tail to strike the ground. \"It is close to impossible to do a tail strike on aircraft like A319 and B737-600 because of the short fuselage length,\" said Capt M Ranganathan, an air-safety expert (see box). Said a source: \"After the descent when the aircraft is over the runway, its nose is pitched upwards at an angle of about seven degrees. In this case, the angle was as high as 18 degrees.'' This detail will be confirmed only after the Directorate General of Civil Aviation's (DGCA) investigation into the accident is complete.Aviation minister Ajit Singh has sought a report from DGCA on the tail strike.\"There are standard operating procedures for every flight process, and a slight deviation from them due to improper pilot training can lead to a disaster,\" Singh told reporters in Delhi on Tuesday. \"There are norms and procedures which have to be followed.\"Airline sources said the pilot had undergone training to become a commander, the highest position in the cockpit, over a year ago. \"But she fared poorly in her command checks-so, though she had a Pilot-in-Command (PIC) endorsement on her license, Air India was careful enough to roster her with other commanders and not with co-pilots, the latter generally being the less experienced of the two,\" said a source. \"Then a few weeks before March 8, International Woman's Day, Air India's Mumbai general manager cleared her to be paired with co-pilots. This was something that the officials who preceded the GM had always denied her.\" The pilot operated an all-woman flight from Mumbai to Singapore on Woman's Day safely. But on Monday, she erred with her landing.Responding to a questionnaire sent by TOI, an Air India spokesperson said that pilots had to undergo at least ten consecutive successful PIC route checks with different DGCA-approved training captains to get a PIC on their licence. \"No negative remarks were put on the woman pilot's licence by DGCA while awarding her PIC on A-320,\" she said. However an Air India commander said the fact that the woman pilot was hardly utilised as a commander and flew mostly with other commanders rather than co-pilots after obtaining her PIC endorsement said a lot.Air India, in the woman pilot's defence, told TOI that she had done 104 sectors with co-pilots. However, a source pointed out that a pilot could operate four to six sectors in a day. \"If she has done only 104 sectors with co-pilots in a year and a half, then it speaks a lot about her skills,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12256980", "title": "Budget: NGOs demand a better rail deal", "text": "INDORE: In the run up to the union budget, local NGOs are clamouring for completing the already approved, but pending rail projects and for increasede connectivity of commercial hubs to the other parts of the country.Work on the three already government-approved rail projects, which have been cleared by the railway ministry, is dragging along, said Gautam Kothari, president, Rashtra Kshema Karmanishth Sangh, (Rakshak), an NGO. The average speed and physical development of all rail lines was merely 1% per annum in the state, added Kothari, who is also the president of Pithampur Industries' Association.The three projects in question include Indore-Dahod rail Line, Dhar-Chhota Udaipur rail Line and Ratlam-Mhow-Khandwa-Akola, added he.While, the first of the three projects was approved in the budget of 2007-08 itself, only a sum of Rs 25.17 crore has been spent on the Dhar-Chhota Udaipur Project so far. When it comes to Ratlam-Mhow-Khandwa-Akola project, which was meant for conversion of metre guage into broad-guage, said Kothari.Another NGO, 'Janhit Manch', urged for completion of the ongoing Ratlam-Khandwa guage conversion work on a priority basis, and funds for electrification of the project. It also demanded regular trains from Indore to like Orissa, Bangalore and Patna and more link trains from Indore to Bhopal, Ratlam, Ujjain and Nagda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12259427", "title": "Australian Accolade", "text": "KOLKATA: On February 23 Australian high commissioner kept up with the tradition of awarding deserving candidates with Endeavour Scholarships. These internationally competitive scholarships are merit based and are awarded to students, researchers and professionals from all around the globe.The awardees can use the scholarship in order to undertake any educational or research programme at the vocational, post graduate and even the postdoctoral levels.Since 2007, a total of 291 Indians have been receiving the scholarships. In 2012, twenty six Indians have received the Australian award including the much-coveted Prime Minister Australia-Asia Award. \"The Australia Award facilitates good sharing of knowledge between the two countries and further aids in building international networks. Education relationship is a critical part of Australia-India strategic partnership,\" said Peter Varghese, Australian high commissioner to India.The award ceremony synchronised with the second anniversary of MyOzNetwork.com- a networking portal especially for Indians who seek educational opportunities in Australia and the website has more than 2300 members. \"The link between Indians and Australians is growing at a fast pace and MyOzNetwork.com further facilitates this connection,\" added Varghese.The Victorian Connection was launched by Richard Dalla-Riva, Victorian minister for employment and industrial relations and minister for manufacturing, exports and trade. The Victorian Connection is a networking group that aims at bringing together Victorian expatriates, alumni and even individuals with interest in doing business with Victoria.Those seeking more information of Endeavour Awards can log on to the following websites: http://www.australiaawards.gov.auhttp://www.myoznetwork.comCourtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "12255539", "title": "PCR for main accused till Mar 20", "text": "GONDIA: A local court granted policy custody remand of accountant Sunil Deshmukh, the main accused in the Gondia District Central Co-operative Bank (GDCCB) fraud case, till March 20.Deshmukh, who was absconding since February 22 was arrested by crime branch in Secunderabad, Andhra Pradesh, on March 10. He was presented before the Arjuni-Morgaon court on March 12.On February 16 the accountant of Arjuni-Morgaon branch of GDCCB reported to the management that there were some erroneous entries in the cashbooks. Vice-president Radhelal Patle and secretary Avinasah Jaiswal conducted an inquiry and lodged a complaint on February 22 against three employees including accountant Deshmukh.While other two other employees were arrested and are still in jail, Deshmukh fled. A contractor and his colleague are under police custody up to March 20.The fraud was unearthed only out of a complaint of non-payment of FD.R. of rupees 5000/- One lady working under Panchayat Samittee Arjuni Morgaon had purchased F.D.R. for rupees 5000/- In due course of time when she needed some money she pledged this F.D.R. and the installments of this loan were deducted from her salary. In the mean time she was transferred to Wadegaon under P.S. Tiroda. When her loan was repaid , she applied for maturity value of the F.D.R. Since Wadegaoan branch had not received the F.D.R. So they issued a certificate to the lady that her loan was repaid and she should be paid the maturity value of this document.When this lady went to Arjuni Morgaon Branch for this payment this Deshmukh was officiating Branch Manager ,who not only refused payment but from the manner in which he misbehaved with this lady, she suspected some thing fishy in that branch. So she reported the matter to the vice president of this bank Radhelal Patle,who was incidentally known to her. And out of this investigation the fraud has been earthed.According that storey there is one suspense account in every bank. when ever any payment mature s but claimant does not come for receiving this amount ,it is credited to that account. In this case since the document was pledged it was already siged by the lady. What the employees did was that they had debited this payment grabbed it. When Deshmukh and Branch Manager Gaydhane came to know about this complaint, they paid the maturity value from their own pockets. This clue was sufficient for vice president Radhelal Patle, who could easily detect theis huge fraud in which many more heads are likely to toppkle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12258832", "title": "Rail Budget: Safety of passengers is my first priority , says Dinesh Trivedi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Railway minister Dinesh Trivedi has started with the presentation of his maiden Railway Budget in Parliament.Safety is my first priority and sole emphasis, Dinesh Trivedi said reading out his budget speech.He said time has come to think in terms of one national policy for Indian Railways.The minister for railways announced several modernisation programmes for the railways in his speech and said investment of Rs.5.60 lakh crore would be required for the purpose.Dinesh Trivedi announced plans to bring down operating ratio which at present stands at 95%.The railway minister said special purpose vehicle would be set up on safety protocols.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12258794", "title": "Charmme scores over Divya, Sameera", "text": "The actress lands the leading role opposite Mammootty in his forthcoming filmThe search for Mammootty's leading lady for his latest Malayalam film, Tappana, has finally ended. And it is none other than Charmee who has bagged the coveted role! The team, which has been looking out for a lead heroine had first zeroed on in Kannada and actress Ramya aka Divya Spandana.The film's producer Milen Jaleel confirms, \"Initially, we had approached Ramya for the role, but her remuneration was too high. Additionally, there were a few of her demands that did not fit into our budget. It was way more than what the Malayalam film industry can afford. Also, since the film is maleoriented, we did not want to take the risk of roping in an expensive actress.\"The makers then approached Sameera Reddy . \"While she did not have any particular demand, the problem was with the remuneration,\" reveals Milen.After talking to a lot of other heroines, the team recently signed up Charmee for the role. It was important to look for an actress from beyond the borders because they do not find anybody in Mollywood who fit the bill, says the team.\"The lead female character is a 30+ woman who meets her husband after serving a seven-year term in jail. There is no heroine in our industry, who can fit into such a role. At the most, we could have cast actress Padmapriya. But since she is currently working on another film, Cobra, alongside Mammootty, it did not make sense for us to repeat the cast for a film that will probably hit the screens at around the same time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12256829", "title": "Cops called victim, captors said all\u2019s well", "text": "GURGAON: Thirty-six hours after the gang rape of a Gurgaon pub employee sent shock waves through the city and its suburbs, five of the accused have been arrested. Two are still on the run. The accused are jobless youths from Madina village in Rohtak.But had the Gurgaon police acted swiftly on the complaint of the victim's 15-yearold brother, the gruesome incident could have been averted. After the kidnappers forcibly stopped the hired cab and dragged the victim out, the cabbie and the victim's brother approached a PCR van parked near Sahara Mall. But when a polic e officer called the victim on her mobile phone, one of the accused snatched her phone and politely told the cops they were dropping her home. And shockingly, the police did not act.DCP (crime) Maheswar Dayal admitted on Tuesday that the victim's brother had approached the police. And after the cops on patrol shrugged off the teenager's pleas, he made frenzied calls home. The incident raised serious questions on the effectiveness of police patrolling and setting up road barricades , particularly on MG Road.Police said the woman was driven to a rented house at Rajiv Nagar near the Old Gurgaon bus stand, where she was repeatedly raped by seven men. The accused later dumped her near Chattarpur Metro station, police said. One of the accused, Amarjeet alias Mota, had taken the house on rent. All six accused had come to meet Amarjeet. DCP Dayal claimed the victim feared for her life and succumbed to the accused. The crime was not planned and the victim did not know the accused , he said.Police finally tracked down five of the seven accused from Gurgaon-Farrukhnagar Road near the Basai flyover. They have been identified as Naveen, Ankit, Rupesh, Mohit alias Ghasad, Sunil, Vinod alias Bholu and Amarjeet alias Mota. The two on the run are Amarjeet and Vinod.Earlier, the victim had mentioned the Alto car number in her police complaint. This matched with the CCTV footage at Sahara Mall. A camera installed near the greenbelt had captured the Alto car number HR-99-DR-T-6458 that helped police crack the case.The Alto had a temporary registration number, which was traced to Jagmohan Motors in Rohtak. This gave police the lead on the owner, Dilbagh . When police reached Dilbagh, he told them he had sold his car to Suresh.Later, Suresh told police the accused had borrowed his car to visit Gurgaon. Cops then finally intercepted the car and arrested accused on Gurgaon-Farrukhnagar Road. Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda said, \"The incident was very unfortunate . Most of the accused have been arrested. After introducing the police commissionerate system in Gurgaon, several measures have been put in place to equip the force with advanced technology.\"State home secretary Samir Mathur said an inquiry will be held. \"We will look into the shortcomings and ask the Gurgaon police commissioner to increase night patrolling.\"In yet another incident which exposed how Gurgaon is becoming unsafe for women, three men snatched an i10 car from two women in Sector 55 late on Tuesday. Police said the car had a Delhi registration number . The incident took place around 11.10pm. The policemen who were at the spot said the three accused were walking down the road and had stopped the car.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12257163", "title": "Builder firing case: Two arrested at Gultekdi", "text": "PUNE: Two men were arrested at Gultekdi on Monday in connection with a case in which a builder was fired at near Warje in 2008. The builder, Rajendra Vitthalrao Ahire (44) of Kakde City, Karvenagar, had had a narrow escape on the night of December 17, 2008, after the suspects opened fire on him from a close range.Ahire had gone to meet his friends in Kothrud. On his way home, he drove on the Katraj-Dehu Road bypass. Around 11.40 pm, he stopped his car on the highway near Rosary school in Warje to answer nature's call.When he came near the car, two unidentified persons on a motorcycle came up to him and opened fire. The bullet hit the windscreen of the car. The suspects fled the spot after the incident.The Warje-Malwadi police as well at the crime branch (unit-I) were investigating the case.Police constable Santosh Kshirsagar of the crime branch recently received a tip-off that two suspects involved in the attack on Ahire would be near Dias plot in Gultekdi on Monday. \"The police laid a trap and nabbed the suspects,\" said inspector Sunil Deshmukh.The suspects have been identified as Chiku alias Sikandar Samriddin Shaikh (21) of Dias plot slum and Ali Mastan Patel (35) of Patil Estate slum. \"They had fought with Ahire over money and had hatched a plan to eliminate him,\" an official from the crime branch said.Inspector Deshmukh said the suspects were produced before in court and remanded to police custody till March 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12255023", "title": "Italian dies after falling from 5th floor", "text": "MUMBAI: A 58-year-old Italian died after falling from the balcony of his fifth floor flat in Evershine City of Nalasopara (E) on Tuesday morning.Jovani Albanese, allegedly lost his balance while standing in the balcony of his Everest Heights building at around 8.30am. His Indian wife Shashibala (57) who was inside the kitchen rushed to the balcony on hearing a sound. Albanese who came crashing down by hitting the plastic sheets of other balconies died instantly. He was taken to a local hospital where he was declared dead before admission.The police have registered a case of accidental death but have not ruled out the possibility of a suicide. In her statement, Shashibala has ruled out any suicide bid by her husband and maintained that he may have lost his balance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12255463", "title": "Kapil Sibal assures Nitin Gadkari of tackling bogus varsity, college racket", "text": "NEW DELHI: Responding to BJP president Nitin Gadkari's letter expressing concern over bogus universities and colleges running with impunity, HRD minister Kapil Sibal on Tuesday said that the ministry was seized of the problem and had even drafted a legislation to bring in stringent punishment. He asked for the Opposition's support in passing the proposed law Prohibition of unfair practices in technical education institutions, medical educational institutions and universities bill 2010.In his letter, Sibal said that while opening of the education sector had increased access it had also widened the scope of unscrupulous elements to exploit people. ``The present laws are insufficient to deal with the menace,'' he wrote.The bill is expected to hike penalty on a bogus university from Rs 1,000 to Rs 50 lakh and imprisonment for a term of three years in cases where criminal intent is noticed by a court of law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12256884", "title": "Set-top boxes a must from July for greater choice", "text": "NEW DELHI: Starting July, every household in Delhi will need a settop box to be able to view channels of one's liking. The information and broadcasting ministry is planning to implement a 'must-provide clause' for cable operators to enable TV viewers in the four Metro cities to ask for their favourite channels as a right. After July 1, the sub-divisional magistrates across Delhi will take action against all cable operators who are found violating the new norms, which mandate provision of set-top box enabled digital facilities to all viewers.After a meeting with senior Delhi government officials, additional secretary in the I&B; ministry, Rajiv Takru, told the media that digitization of cable sector will be completed in Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai and Kolkata by June 30, following which consumers will have the right to demand any channel available in India. Delhi chief secretary P K Tripathi said a meeting was held to discuss ways to bring about a changeover from the analogue to the digital mode in the cable sector with the least inconvenience to the public.\"At present, the analog cables can transmit a limited number of channels. Therefore, the local cable operator has to select which channels to provide and the consumer is left with no choice. After digitization, consumers will be able to pick and choose channels through a settop box (STB). They will pay money only for the channels they have chosen,\" he said. TRAI would decide the rate for each channel, and customers would know in advance how much they have to shell out. Television rating points (TRPs), which have proved to be unreliable, would also become history after the digitization of cable sector, Takru said. Computers would then record what exactly is being viewed by the people, he said.\"World-over, subscriptions make up 70% of revenue of broadcasters, and the remaining 30% comes through advertising. It is the opposite in India,\" Takru said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12256182", "title": "Cuts, fluctuations and hike don' t add up", "text": "CHANDIGARH: UT has decided to double the power tariff despite the fact that it was hiked last year only, but services don't seem to match the high cost of electricity. While the entire city faces problems due to scheduled or unscheduled power cuts many times, there are some of the sectors which remain affected all through the year. These areas include sectors 35, 21, 20, 18, 19, 22, 45, 46 and 47.Amarjit Singh, president of Residents Welfare Society, Sector 35, said, a\" In summers there are cuts due to increased load and in monsoons water seeps into the cables thus interrupting the power supply time and again. In July last year the department fixed a new transformer, leta??s see how it works in the coming summer season.\"Poonam Chopra, a resident of Sector 21 said, \" Besides power cuts, voltage fluctuation is a major problem. All round the year, we face this problem. Sometimes the situation turns out to be so bad that none of the electric appliances work.\"Dr O P Verma, president of Residents Welfare Association, Sector 20, said, \" Voltage fluctuation and power cuts are both making life difficult for Sector 20 residents, especially those living in Sector 20A. Whenever we question them, they claim that therea??s some transformer problem and repair work is going on.\"Sunil Chopra, president of Residents Welfare Society, Sector 18, said, \"Earlier, the problem was not so grave, but for the past many months we have been witnessing frequent power cuts.\" Narender Singh, a resident of sector 19 said, \"Power cuts are a big issue in our sector and it is an all season problem be it summers, winters or monsoons. At times there are power cuts twice a day and this problem is not new to this sector. It has been the same for years and when we ask they say there is a fault and the supply will be restored soon.\"With such problems reoccurring time and again, city residents do not find logical justification behind departmenta??s proposal to increase power tariff by more than 50% in the coming financial year 2012-13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12257269", "title": "Sealing restarts, banks spared till SC hearing", "text": "NOIDA: After a lull of almost six weeks, the Noida Authority once again cracked its whip on commercial units operating from residential plots. Though the drive spared banks and nursing homes, officials on Tuesday afternoon sealed two residential properties. The sealing drive will resume on Wednesday, Authority officials said.Around 3.15pm, a team of officials swooped down on A-369, sector 19, a biscuit manufacturer's office. However, after finding it closed, they obtained an affidavit from the property owner stating that the office of Anmol Bakers was closed and in the process of moving operations to Greater Noida.Next on the list was C-35, sector 20, which was also found empty and closed. The squad then reached F-1 in the same sector and, after not being satisfied by the owner's explanation that shops had been shifted, sealed the premises. The owners, Singhals, had a yoga centre and a gymnasium operating from the residential area. \"We have asked the owners to submit affidavits stating that they will not continue with any kind of commercial activity from their residences,\" said administrative officer, Deep Chandra. \"When we are satisfied that all commercial activity has stopped, the property will be de-sealed,\" he added.Another residential property, C-86, sector 19 was found to be running a general store. It was sealed after getting all employees and customers to vacate the premises. \"We have been issuing notices warning against unauthorized activity to all commercial establishments operating out of non-conforming areas,\" said Captain SK Dwivedi, Noida CEO. \"This is a warning for all such establishments,\" Capt Dwivedi said.Fear of sealing even led to several other units in the city to shut shop. \"Tomorrow we will intensify the drive and on March 16 will wait for directions from the Supreme Court regarding banks and nursing homes,\" Dwivedi added.Meanwhile, as per the Supreme Court's directions, 38 banks have submitted affidavits to the Noida Authority. The affidavits contain a detailed account related to the shifting of the banks to alternate premises. The Authority will submit these affidavits to the apex court on March 16. The Authority has also filed an affidavit in the court regarding 47 petitioners of 33 nursing homes in the city, which will also be heard on the same day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12257322", "title": "Surat\u2019s cash dealings \u2018inspired\u2019 accused to print fake notes", "text": "SURAT: Transactions in cash and hawala network in the city were the key factors that made the accused in the fake currency printing racket, which was recently busted, to choose a location near Surat for their business. Mohammad Nasir Kunj, 30, the mastermind, first studied Surat's economy before starting his dubious venture, police investigation has revealed.Kunj, originally from north Kerala, arrived in the city in 2003 after his arrest in a case registered under Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act (NDPS) Act. He was acquitted in the NDPS Act case in 2010 for lack of evidence. However, his seven-year stay in the city's jail gave him an idea about its prosperity and be began looking for scope to start an organized crime network.Kunj met Salim Multani, another accused in counterfeit note printing case, while in Surat sub-jail. The latter was arrested after his wife committed suicide in 2007. Both Kunj and Multani had got bail in 2008.They decided to print counterfeit notes and arranged machinery for it while out on bail. They received financial help from other accused. They bought computers, other equipment and also arranged for experts, who were paid Rs 50,000 each for a month. The work was distributed between two team of printers, who used to work in shifts. The two teams used to print fake notes having a face value of Rs 1 lakh in 24 hours.Fake notes of the face value of Rs 8 lakh were recovered during the recent police raid at Kadod. They had been printed in the eight days prior to the raid.\"Surat was chosen for printing of the fake notes as the accused were aware about its huge cash transactions,\" said Piyush Patel, superintendent of police, Surat.It is estimated that 50 per cent of transactions that take place in diamond and textile industries in the city are in cash. There is also a hawala network with international connections. The accused planned to print fake notes so as to pump and integrate them into the black money transactions in the city, police said.A police team is in Kerala to nab Kunj. Those arrested so far are Salim Multani, Narendra Mistry, Anis Vasu, Satish Mohanan, Ravi Singh, Dinesh Jain and Premkumar Pillai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12254700", "title": "Murdoch aide, hubby held in hacking case", "text": "LONDON: Rebekah Brooks , former chief executive of News International and a close aide of Rupert Murdoch , was arrested by Scotland Yard detectives on Tuesday on suspicion of conspiracy to pervert the course of justice. She is facing a police investigation for illegal hacking of phones by journalists, a probe codenamed Operation Weeting.Brooks was on bail after being arrested in July last year on suspicion of corruption and conspiring to intercept communications.Rebekah's husband, Charlie Brooks , a millionaire racehorse owner and columnist for the Daily Telegraph, and News International's head of security, Mark Hanna , were among six people picked up in Tuesday's early morning swoop.The Brooks' arrest is embarrassing for British prime minister David Cameron , who is a close friend. He and Charlie went to the same public school - Eton. Cameron was on his way to Washington for an official visit and unavailable for comment. His spokesperson refused to comment, saying: \"It's an operational matter for police.\"The Metropolitan Force did not confirm the names of the detainees, other than to say that a 43-year-old woman and a 49-year-old man had been held. The arrests took place between 5am and 7am and the Brooks' house in the county of Oxfordshire was being searched, the Yard said.This is the biggest single set of arrests in the 15-month investigation into alleged voicemail interception. Operation Weeting has led to the arrest of 23 people, two of whom were released without charge. Last month, Sue Akers , who spearheads Operation Weeting, told a judicial commission into press standards there was a \"culture of illegal payments\" in the British newspaper world.Brooks had admitted before a parliamentary select committee in July last year that News International had been paying police officers for information. An erstwhile editor of the now defunct News of the World newspaper and its sister publication, The Sun, she was held for 48 hours before being conditionally set free. She had already resigned as News International's chief executive by then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12254746", "title": "Mystery woman in Manjit murder case still missing", "text": "NAGPUR: Sleuths probing the murder of property dealer Manjit Singh Gulhar sounded keen to give a clean chit to the tall and fair girl who was with the victim moments before he was shot dead at Great Maratha hotel near MIDC Hingna on Monday. The girl, who paid the bill at the hotel restaurant, disappeared as Manjit was being shot in the hotel lobby.Four assailants have been arrested in the case by Kelvad police. Police got custody of the assailants till March 17 after having produced them before a court. It has come to fore that there were two more assailants who had fled on a bike. They are yet to be nabbed.Police have so far learnt that one of the assailants Ashish Kottulwar had procured the locally-made firearm for Rs 22,000 from a goon who was murdered last month at Khaparkheda. The MIDC police searched various places in Koradi on Tuesday for the gun and other weapons after assailants said they had thrown them there, but found nothing.It is learnt Ashish had opened fire and also delivered blows on Manjit with sharp weapon. Kartik Tewar, Rahul Dwivedi and Ashish Naidu, who are also arrested, assisted Kottulwar in the murder which was fall out of a rivalry of the past. Manjit had stabbed Kottulwar's elder brother Diwakar over a dispute.MIDC police are learnt to have tried to trace the girl who had enjoyed food and wine with Manjit at hotel's restaurant. It was earlier believed Manjit's affair with the girl could be the reason behind the murder. Later, police worked on theory that the girl could have tipped off the assailants about Manjit's whereabouts. Now, however, police are almost ruling out girl's involvement stating the assailants had followed Manjit through the day. Another section of cops said one 'Meshram' had relaying Manjit's location to assailants.Police were also not able to establish identity of the girl. It is learnt that Manjit had saved girl's name as 'Raj' in his mobile. One of the messages stated that the girl wanted to meet Manjit on the day of his murder. Manjit, it is learnt, had befriended the girl after an accidental wrong number call between them. MIDC police had also searched for the girl in the Pachpoali locality but returned empty handed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12259276", "title": "Slumdog kids get 2nd big Hollywood break", "text": "Rubina on working with Anthony Hopkins (though secretly she would prefer Sallu)After starring in Danny Boyle's Slumdog Millionaire in 2008, Rubina Ali was in news for all the wrong reasons - ugly family fights, bitter struggle to get possession of an apartment she had been promised, and a raging fire in a slum that destroyed her house.But things are changing - Rubina, now 13, has bagged a role in her second international project Lord Owen's Lady with none other than Sir Anthony Hopkins. And yes, a week back she along with her parents moved into their new apartment in Bandra.Rubina has no idea who Sir Anthony is, but her manager Dinesh Dubey describes him to her as a sort of 'baap of Hollywood, like Amitabh Bachchan.' The petite teenager has seen pictures of ex-rugby star Gavin Henson, who also stars in the film. His pretty face, she says, appeals to her.The film is a love story between a Welsh nobleman and a naively romantic Indian woman. Set to be shot in India, England and Wales, Rubina's co-stars in the movie include Rohini Hattangadi and Slumdog kids Azhar and Ayush. The shoot is scheduled for September in Shimla and she has signed up for about three weeks of work.Neither her dad nor Rubina know anything about her role, but hope it would be tinkered with once director-producer Martin Pennell realises she is now a teenager. \"Abhi Rubina bachi nahin hai, lekin badhi bhi nahin hai (Rubina is no longer a child, nor is she an adult yet),\" says her dad. At 1000 pounds a day, she stands to earn at least 21,000 pounds (around Rs 16 lakh), a sum she is not sure what she is going to do with.Perhaps her father could use it to do up their new house, which is bare and badly needs a coat of paint. The previous tenant has scribbled on the walls and in the name of furniture, there are four plastic chairs, a rickety table and a tiny mirror framed in plastic. A flat-screen TV is mounted on the wall and a tiny laptop is left on the floor to charge.Rubina has ideas of her own about how she will do up her room. But with inputs from her parents, she giggles, there is no guarantee how it will turn out. She would, however, like her photos framed and put up on the walls.The family is also considering converting the kitchen into another bedroom and are waiting for a word from the Jai Ho trust about whether they should work on sprucing up the dilapidated house on their own or wait for the builder to do it.Rubina is excited about travelling to London and Wales for the shooting. \"This will be my first time in London,\" she says. She hopes to meet 'Danny Uncle' again. Boyle was in Mumbai about 15 days ago and he checked up on her. \"Danny Uncle asked me if I was studying and if we had moved into our new house,\" she says, and proudly adds that she recently won a prize for 'best English' in school.While the excitement of starring in her second international movie with big stars is all right, Rubina is more keen to meet her idol Salman Khan someday soon. \"I've met lots of other stars, but not Salman,\" she says. \"Lekin mujhe movies pasand nahin hai. I like TV serials and I watch them every evening. I like only Salman's movies.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "seoul", "code": "12258778", "title": "iPad screen: LG, Sharp out, Samsung to supply screen", "text": "SEOUL: Samsung Electronics Co will supply the screen for Apple Inc's new iPad after LG Display Co and Sharp Corp didn't meet the US company's quality requirements, according to an analyst with iSuppli.Samsung, the world's top flat-panel maker, currently is the sole vendor of the display for the 9.7-inch, touch-screen device, said Vinita Jakhanwal, a senior manager at iSuppli, a unit of Englewood, Colorado-based IHS Inc. The new tablet goes on sale March 16.The iPad's new display has four times as many pixels as the previous version, making on-screen text, images and video appear crisper and more realistic.The supply deal deepens Apple's partnership with Samsung, which already makes the chips that power the iPhone and iPad, even as the companies sue each other around the world regarding patents. Apple unveiled a new version of the iPad last week that features a sharper display and faster processor to fend off growing competition from products including Samsung's Galaxy Tab .Steve Park , a Seoul-based spokesman for Apple; Jason Kim, a Seoul-based spokesman for Samsung; Claire Ohm, a Seoul-based spokeswoman for LG Display; and Miyuki Nakayama, a spokeswoman for Osaka, Japan-based Sharp, declined to comment.\"The display specifications on the new iPad are very demanding in terms of the very high resolution,\" Jakhanwal said in an e-mail. \"Achieving this high resolution without compromising on the power consumption and brightness and maintaining Apple's quality standards are supposedly proving to be a challenge for LG Display and Sharp.\"Samsung shares climbed 2.7 per cent to 1,254,000 won as of 10:13 a.m. and LG Display gained 0.7 per cent to 28,400 won, compared with a 1.5 per cent rise in the benchmark Kospi index. Sharp added 0.2 per cent to 510 yen in Tokyo .Patent lawsuitsApple, based in Cupertino , California , and Samsung have been locked in patent disputes concerning mobile technology and design since April, when the iPhone maker accused the Suwon, South Korea-based company of copying its products.The iPad's new display has four times as many pixels as the previous version, making on-screen text, images and video appear crisper and more realistic. Apple may almost double spending on screens for tablets and smartphones this year, according to iSuppli.Market research firm Gartner Inc, based in Stamford, Connecticut, estimates 103.5 million tablet devices will be sold in 2012, with Apple accounting for two-thirds of them.LG Display is Apple's largest vendor of liquid-crystal displays used in the iPhone and older models of the iPad. The Seoul-based company gets about 2 percent of its revenue from Apple, according to data compiled by Bloomberg .LG Display and Sharp may start shipping panels for the new iPad in April, said Jakhanwal, who's based in Santa Clara , California. Apple may want to diversify its sources for the displays because of the lawsuits with Samsung, said Kang Yoon Hum, a Seoul-based analyst at NH Investment &amp; Securities Co.\"Since the relationship between Apple and Samsung isn't great these days, Apple would want to get shipments elsewhere as well,\" Kang said by phone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12255541", "title": "Election Commission releases local bodies poll symbols", "text": "LUCKNOW: The State Election Commission on Tuesday issued a new list of symbols for local bodies election.The Commission also cancelled the list of symbols issued earlier.\"The present list of symbols is the same that was issued by the Election Commission of India on which various political parties and candidates contested the 2012 Vidhan Sabha elections. In fact, the State Election Commission has adopted the same list,\" said additional State Election Commissioner JP Singh.He added that a decision to this effect was taken after a group of public representatives petitioned for the same.\"They said when their candidates would approach the voters with a new set of symbols; chances were that the voters may get confused. Their request appeared valid and therefore the decision was taken,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12255412", "title": "Bribery case: CBI books Central Excise commissioner, 4 others", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Bureau of Investigation ( CBI) has filed a chargesheet against the then commissioner of Central Excise (Delhi-I) Dr Anup Kumar Srivastava, superintendent Lallan Ojha, middleman Hemant Gandhi and two others, Dilip Aggarwal and Anand Aggarwal, in a bribery case.The agency had registered a case in the first week of January for criminal conspiracy and the Prevention of Corruption Act and arrested the commissioner, superintendent and middleman.The agency had found that Srivastava and Ojha along with Gandhi hatched a conspiracy to get an illegal raid conducted on the godown of a mobile phone importer at Karol Bagh's Rama Road to extract illegal gratification.The superintendent had led the `raid', and settled for a bribe of Rs 60 lakh. The mobile operator and his partner allegedly paid Rs 40 lakh to the superintendent, which was collected by the middleman including a cheque of Rs 20 lakh for the balance payment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12256777", "title": "Killer SUV driver untraced", "text": "BANGALORE: The mystery over the unidentified woman who ran amok while driving a Toyota Fortuner early on Monday, has deepened. A mason was killed and four others were injured in the accident at HRBR Layout.Realtor Ravi Narayanappa, 31, who was in the car at the time of the accident , identified the woman as Mahi. He told police he didn't know anything else about her as he'd met her only a few hours before the incident. Mahi's mobile number given by Ravi to police is still switched off.Police are convinced that Mahi could only be the nickname of the woman. They said Mahi is a resident of Babusabpalya near Banaswadi. In her early 20s, she lost both her parents , while her sister is working in Mysore. Police claimed to have photographs of the accused and said they will arrest her at the earliest. A team of cops has rushed to Mysore.A resident of Kothanur, 31-yearold Ravi had on Sunday borrowed the SUV from his cousin Raghavendra Patil, saying he needed the vehicle for work. \"Ravi had borrowed the car earlier too. I don't know why exactly he wanted it that day,\" Patil told police.Ravi said his friend Pooja had introduced him to Mahi. \"He met Pooja and Mahi at a coffee outlet in Banaswadi on Sunday evening. Ravi and Mahi later parted ways with Pooja,\" a senior officer said.The duo went for a drive on Outer Ring Road and after a while, Mahi said she wanted to drive the high-end vehicle . \"While driving, she lost control and ran over the labourers, killing one,\" police said. The duo abandoned the car at the accident spot.Ravi told police that Mahi fled from the scene soon after the accident and switched off her mobile. \"I wanted to bring Mahi to the police station but she is not available on phone. I don't know her address or other details,\" Ravi said.Owner faces case tooBanaswadi traffic police said if the woman driver fails to produce her driving licence, cases will be booked against Ravi who gave her the SUV, and vehicle owner Raghavendra Patil. They said the Motor Vehicle Act categorically forbids handing over of vehicles to people without licence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12255489", "title": "'Lift ban on farm produce exports once for all'", "text": "NAGPUR: Agriculture sector is still the main employment avenue in the country more than 60 years after independence. But what is of grave concern is that though over 60% population depends on farming for livelihood, the sector's contribution to the country's GDP is declining rapidly. It was around 50% at the time of independence but today is less 17%. This figure is a dismal 12-13% for Maharashtra.Farm activists and experts have great expectations from the Union budget that finance minister Pranab Mukherjee will present on March 16. Among a cross-section of farmers, activists and experts, the biggest hope is that the Union government stops tinkering with export policies related to agriculture produce.\"The ban on exports recently caused a loss of Rs 900 crore to farmers in Vidarbha region and around Rs 2,000 crore on the whole. Such quirks in policy matters should be avoided in the next budget,\" said Ram Neole, a Shetkari Sanghatana leader. \"Moreover, it's time we have a separate budget for agriculture, like the railway budget, so the vastly neglected sector gets its due,\" he added.Veteran farm activist Vijay Jawandhiya warned against any cut in subsidies. \"Instead, the government should increase subsidy to non-irrigated farmers. Currently, policies totally favour farmers getting canal irrigation. It works out to Rs 1,600 an acre under various heads. But the dry-land farmer gets nothing. The budget should focus on this deprived lot of farmers and give a subsidy of at least Rs 10,000 per acre to small and marginal dry land farmer,\" he said.He also expects big increase in schemes for promotion of edible oil and pulses crops. Last year, Rs 300 crore was provided for the whole country. \"It was peanuts, and needs to be increased manifold to attract farmers to these crops. The country speeds over Rs 16,000 crore on import of edible oil and pulses,\" he pointed out.According to Kishore Tiwari of Vidarbha Jan Andolan Samiti, agriculture should be integrated with rural economy. \"REGA and NRHM should be fine tuned for better delivery. Educational, health care and food needs of farmers need to be addressed more effectively. While it is important to promote edible oil and pulses, which account for 70% imports, special efforts should be made to make farming remunerative and to increase income of farmers,\" he said.Former state agriculture minister Ranjit Deshmukh also supports lifting of all curbs on exports of farm produce. He also expects a better allocation to promote processing of all farm produce, including cotton, in Vidarbha.Ex-MLA and Shetkari Sanghatana leader Wamanrao Chatap expects repeal of Essential Commodities Act, which he says is outdated. \"The external borrowings of the country are to the tune of Rs 4.5 lakh crore, which is big worry. But instead of cutting farm sector subsidies, the government should save by ending vote bank appeasement. Crop rates should be based on cost of production. There is a need to waive loans of all farmers, because farm policies led to unsustainable agriculture,\" said Chatap.Progressive farmer from Katol, Manoj Jawanjal expects an increase in subsidy for drip irrigation, which helps in conserving water but also electricity. He also hopes era of load-shedding ends and farmers have access to uninterrupted power supply for hi-tech farming.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12255778", "title": "South Goa ZP may see change of guard", "text": "MARGAO: Post the assembly polls, municipalities are not the only civic institutes witnessing moves to affect change of guard. Sources say plans are afoot to replace the current South Goa zilla panchayat chief Maria Luz Rebello with a chairperson with no Congress affiliation.Sources add that the moves are being charted by ex-tourism minister and newly-elected Nuvem MLA, Fransisco 'Mickky' Pacheco. Pacheco, they say, is keen to ensure that bete noire, former PWD minister Churchill Alemao's hold of the ZP ends at the earliest. The present ZP tenure ends in 2015.Alemao-backed Rebello was elected as chief unopposed post the March 2012 ZP polls after Pacheco-supported Nelly Rodrigues withdrew.Rodrigues had joined the Pacheco-camp just ahead of the then ZP polls. She contested the Cortalim assembly constituency this year on Pacheco's Goa Vikas Party ticket.Speaking to TOI, Pacheco confirmed that moves for a transition of power in the 16-member ZP body were under way. \"Certainly, there will be a new chairperson in the South Goa ZP soon. They were always boasting that Congress has a stronghold over the ZP. The winds of change are blowing all over. We will have to see which way the wind is blowing. I will hold a meeting with ZP members in a day or two and we will finalize the choice of candidates for the next chairperson,\" Pacheco said.Alemao, when contacted, said he had no idea, whatsoever, of any plans to oust the current chairperson. \"Maria is our person and she is doing a good job. But let me make it clear I have no interest in interfering with the affairs of the ZP,\" Alemao said.Pacheco sang paeans to chief minister Manohar Parrikar , saying, \"There are three more years left (for the present ZP tenure to end). With Parrikar in power, my five-year-long wish has been fulfilled. Parrikar is the only person who has the capacity to undo the mess made by Congress in its seven-year misrule.\" Sources said ZP deputy chief Daya Pagi may also have to make way for a new person.Rodrigues when contacted expressed disinclination to assume the chief's post. \"Yes, I was approached by them with the offer, but due to my preoccupation with my teaching profession, I turned it down,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12258771", "title": "Alex Pandian shoot stalled", "text": "The film has supposedly been caught in the battle between Gnanavel Raja and AmeerLooks like Suraj's Alex Pandian, starring Karthi and Anushka in the lead, is bearing the brunt of the ongoing legal battle between its producer Gnanavel Raja and director Ameer.The shooting of the film was interrupted recently when some of the crew members refused to come on the sets, demanding that the producers sort out their issue with Ameer before starting work on their next. Ameer has earlier filed a case against Gnanavel Raja's production company, claiming he hadn't been given the payment when Paruthiveeran's Telugu dubbing rights were sold.Claiming that they are being 'indirectly targetted', co-producer Prabhu says, \"On Monday, most of the craft members of FEFSI and the cast and crew arrived on the sets on time but the camera and crane operators and the lightmen refused to come in, telling us they won't work until we reach a consensus with Ameer. But, we (Ameer and the production house) are battling it out in court. Finally, members from the Producers' Council had to sort out the issue.\"However, shooting could not commence on that day, he adds. \"The producers will incur a huge loss if the shoot is interrupted for even a day,\" he says. Saying that this is the third time that the shooting of Alex Pandian has been stalled, Prabhu adds, \"On another instance, members went to work on other films on a second Sunday of the month but refused to come for work on our movie, stating that they had a meeting to attend!\"When contacted, director Ameer says, \"I'm sure the FEFSI crew members wouldn't have used my name during Alex Pandian's shoot. With regards to the discussions between the FEFSI and the Producers' Council, 90 per cent is over and the discussions with technical and lightmen department will take place today. But there are a few who do not want me to be part of this discussion and are dragging my name unnecessarily into the issue.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12260504", "title": "Remya sings on the road", "text": "Svelte actress Remya Nembeeshan, who turned a playback singer in her Malayalam film Ivan Megharoopan, got on the streets in Kochi, crooning her new folk song Aande Londe..., as part of the promotional video of the song.\"V K Prakash, who is known for coming up with bizarre and creative ideas, has picturised this video. We decided to do this sequence live, in order to capture the response of the crowd,\" informs Prakash Bare, who's acting and producing the film. Around three cameras were hidden in few shops on the streets to make it appear natural and similar to a flash mob.Meanwhile, we hear that Remya, who was last seen in Kullanari Koottam in Kollywood, has signed Pizza opposite Vijay Sethupathi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12255495", "title": "Court asks NIA to present Headley", "text": "NEW DELHI: After the National Investigation Agency informed it that the earlier warrants and summons were not duly served to the accused, a special NIA court on Tuesday directed the agency to produce before it on May 31 Pakistani-American jihadi David Coleman Headley , his accomplice Tahawwur Rana, LeT founder Hafiz Saeed and 26/11 Mumbai attack mastermind Zaki-ur-Rehman Lakhvi for allegedly carrying out several terror strikes in India.District judge H S Sharma also issued fresh non-bailable warrants (NBWs) against Pakistan army officials Major Iqbal and Major Sameer Ali, al-Qaida operative Ilyas Kashmiri, Headley's handler Sajid Malik and former Pakistan army officer Abdul Rehman Hashmi, co-accused in the case.During the last hearing, the court had taken cognizance of the NIA chargesheet and had issued 'process' against Headley, Rana, Saeed and Lakhvi and NBWs against the other five accused for their alleged roles in various terror attacks in the country.On Tuesday, the agency, however, informed the court that the summons and warrants issued were not duly served. This led the court to defer the matter for further hearing till May 31.The NIA, in its chargesheet filed on December 24, had accused 51-year-old Headley, Rana, Saeed and six others for planning and executing terror strikes in India, including the 26/11 Mumbai attack. The NIA had initially registered a case against Headley and Rana but after a thorough probe, seven other names were included in the case. The chargesheet, which was filed after two years of probe by central agencies, contained statements of 134 witnesses along with 210 documents and 106 e-mails.Headley and Rana are in the custody of US authorities and the NIA has only got limited access to Headley who has entered into a plea bargain with US authorities to escape harsh sentence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12257024", "title": "More new trains on city's wishlist", "text": "PUNE: Three trains every year on an average has been Pune's score in successive railway budgets since 2007. The hope that the city will get more trains with the railway budget which will be presented in Parliament on Wednesday remains strong.Pune was among the few cities to get three Duronto trains after the non-stop, fully air-conditioned train was introduced in 2009. The Pune-Delhi Duronto was followed by one to Howrah and recently another to Ahmedabad.Railway commuters want Pune's rail connectivity to various destinations in the country to improve further. They said the city being a major educational, industrial and IT centre has a huge demand for trains to new destinations across the country.Railway officials said that proposals about introduction of new trains received by the Pune division have been forwarded to the central office in Mumbai, which will send them to the railway board for consideration.Commuters groups and the Mahratta Chamber of Commerce Industries and Agriculture has been pressing for the need to improve rail connectivity on short distance routes. While there are six pairs of intercity trains between Pune and Mumbai, these run only in the morning and evening hours. There is a demand for intercity trains to Mumbai between 8 am and 2 pm, and in the late evening hours.Manjulata Mehta, former member of the zonal railway users' consultative committee, said trains to Jaipur, Ajmer, Jaisalmer and Udaipur which will serve the interests of various communities as well as the tourists are needed.Pune has trains to Ernakulam, Varanasi, Darbhanga, Lucknow, Gorakhpur, and Howrah. However, the frequency needs to be increased, she said. Trains to Chennai and Bangalore should start from Pune instead of originating only from Mumbai, she added.The chamber had demanded new trains from Pune to destinations such as Kolhapur, Ratnagiri, Surat, Chennai, Amravati and Bangalore. Anant Sardeshmukh, executive director general of MCCIA, said besides improving rail connectivity, it is also necessary to improve rail infrastructure and facilities for passengers.\"Railway services in the city and surrounding areas need urgent improvement considering the present volume of growth in population and traffic,\" he said.Chairman of MCCIA's railway, road traffic committee Chandmal Parmar, has said daily trains from Pune to Kolhapur, Ratnagiri, Sawantwadi, Shirdi, Surat, Chennai, Bangalore via Miraj and Belgaum and Amravati are a must.\"We need a new train to Jammu on the Gujarat-Rajasthan-Punjab route and another train to Guwahati. Besides this, the frequencies of existing trains including Jodhpur Express, Delhi Duranto Express, Poorna Express, Ernakulum Express and Lucknow Express must go up,\" he said.Chairperson of the Railway Pravasi Group from Pune, Harsha Shah said the Railways should introduce a direct train to Palitana in Gujarat, not just from Pune but from other important places in state and the southern region. She has also demanded trains to Thiruvananthapuram, Nagercoil, and Coimbatore.Members of Parliament from Pune division and western Maharashtra have demanded increase in rail connectivity in the districts of Pune, Kolhapur, Solapur and Ahmednagar, trains to Shirdi, and shuttle services between Lonavla and Daund.However, there is a niggling doubt that Pune may not get new trains this year as elections in the state are over and elected representatives have not impressed upon the railway board the need for new trains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12257129", "title": "Cop opens bank account with \u2018forged\u2019 papers", "text": "MUMBAI:The Vakola police have booked an assistant police inspector along with a bank employee in a cheating and forgery case on Monday. The police are hunting for the accused.The accused officer, Tushar Kadam,had fraudulently opened a bank account in the name of his friend,Sunil Rasal,the police said. Kadam had submitted Rasal's documents to open the account after forging his signature. The bank employee allegedly helped Kadam to open the account. The police suspect that Kadam wanted to use the account for illegal transactions.However, Rasal claimed he had no complaint against Kadam and a senior police officer had forced him to file the case against his officer friend.Rasal said he had a disputed property in Santa Cruzand Kadam was helping him in the matter.He said,\"The police wanted to grab my property so they framed Kadam in the false case.\" The police dismissed Rasal's allegations.A senior police officer said they have evidence to prove that forgery was committed. The officer said, \"We suspect that Kadam had forged the document. If it was found during investigation that Rasal had filed a false complaint, we will take action against him.\"Kadam was accused in two cases.In the first case he had used a credit card which he recovered from one of the accused during investigation. Two months ago he had sold a woman's pup without her consent.The victim kept the pup at Kadam's animal care centre in Vakola before going out of town for a few days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12254840", "title": "CBI opposes bail for 2G accused Behura, Chandolia", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI on Tuesday filed affidavits in the Supreme Court opposing grant of bail to 2G spectrum scam accused R K Chandolia, former private secretary of key accused and ex-telecom minister A Raja, and former telecom secretary Siddhartha Behura on the ground that their alleged crime was much graver than any penal offence.Though the court had granted bail to corporate executives, the CBI argued that the alleged offences against Chandolia and Behura stood on a different plane as they were public servants entrusted with protecting the national interest. \"The present case cannot be elevated to a status where the accused can claim parity with private individuals on bail,\" the agency said.The affidavit by investigating officer Vivek Priyadarshi said, \"The present is a case where the accused being public servants have acted in a cold, calculated manner, having used threat and coercion using their superior public office and have acted in prejudice to public interest and have misused the system to suit their own ends which in a manner can destroy public confidence in governance and democracy itself.\"Chandolia and Behura had sought parity with other 2G scam accused out on bail. Listing the evidence pointing towards alleged complicity of both the accused in the irregular allotment of spectrum in 2008, the CBI said, \"The motive behind economic offences is always a cold calculation of greed at the cost of the poorest citizens.\"The CBI defended the framing of charges under Section 409 IPC (breach of trust) against Behura and said, \"The accused petitioner being secretary (telecom), a public servant, was having dominion over the valuable spectrum which was a national property entrusted to him in his capacity as secretary (telecom).\"Attaching responsibility on him more than his subordinates accused in the scam, the CBI said, \"Merely mentioning the fact that in government functioning, decisions have to be taken by senior officers on the basis of facts and noting placed on file by subordinates, does not absolve the petitioner from his criminal acts and misdeeds.\"In the present case, this was more so since the acts of the petitioner were done to benefit private companies, particularly Unitech and Swan Telecom, at the cost of public exchequer, it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12260414", "title": "Singledom making you feel like a leftover?", "text": "Many single men and women are grappling with the loneliness crisis syndrome. We find out whyContrary to popular perception, men and women enjoying the perks of single, independent life may not always be happy with their 'chosen relationship status'. In fact, mental health experts claim that after the age of 29, more women tend to crave company, while some men reach there at the age of 34. So, could a recent survey conducted in China be relevant back home?The Indo-Chinese relationship connectAccording to a survey carried out by China's biggest matchmaking website, 35 per cent of the 2,000 single and 29-year-old women felt that they were leftovers. It also found that about 30 per cent of them found the title insulting, but most don't make any effort to get married. Mental experts back home feel the situation is no different here. Clinical psychologist, Seema Hingorrany, says, \"While most women and men choose to be single, their relationship status tends to bother them after a certain age. In women, it's generally between the age group of 29 to 34, while men start thinking on similar lines when they cross the age of 34.\" Seema refers to the condition as the loneliness crisis syndrome, and claims that it's generally triggered off during the holiday seasons, weddings and at special occasions.She adds, \"Most men and women find it hard to accept that they may need someone in their lives at some point and while they may be aware of this on a subconscious level, they would rather deny it than acknowledge this in public.\"Symptoms of the conditionCraving for kids, when you see other friends and relatives happy with their lives. You are doing well professionally, but may be still suffering from low self-esteem and confidence because you feel you are lacking somewhere, and that's why you are not in a relationship. You start bingeing to get over this feeling of being unworthy of someone's love. You start avoiding family get togethers as it makes you feel down and depressed. Thus avoiding contact with those who are close to you. Looking at pictures of your friends/exes getting married makes you feel incomplete.How to deal with it?Dr Parul Tank, a consultant psychiatrist, adds, \"Most women tend to face this situation, when they see that their colleagues and peers have moved on to a new chapter in their lives. This bothers them as some of them see 'getting married/or being in a relationship' as a sense of achievement. When my patients come to me for advice about this condition, I ask them to focus on other areas of their life. It's important not to let this feeling of loneliness eclipse your achievements.\"After all your relationship status is just that, and it should not define who you are and should not become the only parameter for being content with life.More about the surveyAccording to a survey conducted in China, nearly 60 per cent of the self-proclaimed 'leftovers' were aged 29. Single interviewees said that from the age of 26, they started to feel different about their single status, and the concern reached a peak when they were approaching their 30s. The survey showed about 78 per cent of the 'leftovers' felt an urgency to find a husband or boyfriend, but only 18 per cent were willing to take action. About 41 per cent said they still 'believe in love', but didn't have much motivation to pursue a relationship. Almost 20 per cent said they were not confident in finding an ideal and stable relationship at all. Meanwhile, single women who have passed the marriageable age - for example, women born during the 1960s - care less about their marital status, and they don't consider themselves 'leftovers'.melissa.dcosta@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12256956", "title": "Centre flashes green signal to Infy to set up SEZ in Indore", "text": "INDORE: Finally, the Information Technology (IT) major, Infosys , has received nod from the Centre for setting up its special economic zone (SEZ) in Indore.A meeting of Board of Approval (BoA), held under the chairmanship of Union commerce secretary Rahul Khullar, granted approval. Apart from Infosys, the other groups which got green signal for their plan to set up SEZ in Indore include Ruchi group for IT and Audhyogik Kendriya Vikas Nigam ( AKVN), Indore, for setting up a jems and jewellery park in the city, said SEZ development commissioner, AK Rathore, who was also present at the meeting.However, another Indore-based IT firm, Impetus, couldn't get the BoA go-ahead on its Tuesday meeting due to some technical reason though the group got state cabinet approaval for land, which is yet to be allotted, added Rathore. It is assumed that the BoA may hold one more meeting in New Delhi to clear pending applications.With BoA giving its go-ahead, these companies are likely to prepare a master plan in a phased manner soon, said Raghavendra Singh, Indore district collector. Also, he hoped that the work on the first phase for the project must be completed as soon as possible. As per the SEZ norms, the companies that have already been allotted land for the purpose, are free to develop things like theatre, gym, restaurants, guest houses and others in the premises, apart from their IT development centres. The only thing that they can do all this to cater to the requirement of their own staff only, said Singh.However, Impetus, for which the state cabinet has already approved the land allotment for 25 acre, is undeterred. When contacted, Sanjeev Agrawal, vice president, Impetus, said, \"After the state cabinet approved our IT project on Tuesday last, lots of public holidays came in between due to which the actual allotment of land couldn't be held. However, I have been assured by the authorities concerned that the issue will be discussed during the next meeting of BoA shortly, he added.As per the norms, the SEZs are free from income tax for first five years of their operation and only 50% of income tax is imposed for the next five years. Even during the period between 10th and 15th years, no income tax is imposed on any kind of reinvestment and the cut-off date in case of units falling under SEZ ends on March 31, 2014. However, the cut-off date for the developers of SEZ came to an end on March 31 as per the proposed direct tax code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12255670", "title": "Govt announces release of 40 life convicts", "text": "KOLKATA: The Mamata Banerjee government on Tuesday announced the release of 40 convicts who have spent more than 18 years behind the bars at various jails in the state.\"This is a historic decision,\" chief minister Mamata Banerjee said on Tuesday. \"Those who are being released can get back to the mainstream. We shall review other cases from time to time. Due to government negligence, many have been languishing in prison for 22 years and in some cases even for 45 years,\" she added.Two convicts in the list of 40 have served for more than 24 years. Tarak Chowdhury, 54, one of them who is now at Dum Dum central jail, has been a convict for over 27 years.Among those shortly to be released, there is 65-year-old Ranadhir Basu, who was sentenced in the case of gruesome murder of parents and grandparents of Sudipa Pal. Basu was Sudipa's tutor and she too was involved in the murder. The gruesome murder took place at Ichhapur of North 24-Parganas in March 1991. Sudipa - about 15 years old then - was found tied up in a room and neighbours found her mother Sulekha Pal, father Subhas Chandra Pal, grandmother Latika Pal and grandfather Debendra Mohan Pal murdered. Cyanide was mixed with sweets and mercuric chloride was added to water, and the chemicals were supplied by an accomplice, Krishnendu Jana.Sudipa was alleged to have taken part in the crime. But since she agreed to turn into an approver and narrated the entire sequence of events, she was pardoned and had been released. Cyanide-laced sweets were served to her parents and grandparents since they disapproved her relationship with Basu. Basu is currently serving at the Lalgola open-air prison in Murshidabad.Chief minister Mamata Banerjee, who announced the release of 40 convicts at Writers' Buildings on Tuesday, said that 52 names had been recommended and the state selected 40 from them while the Centre objected in two cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12257200", "title": "In a bid to avoid action, driver sets auto on fire", "text": "PUNE: A driver allegedly set his autorickshaw on fire to prevent the traffic police from taking action against illegal ferrying of passengers. The incident took place at Hadapsar around 11.30 am on Tuesday.Driver Ravindra Kalyan Jagtap (30) of Kalepadal, Hadapsar, fled the spot after the incident.Police constable attached to the traffic branch, Jaywant Ingle, has lodged a complaint with the Hadapsar police station.Police inspector Vishamber Golde of the Hadapsar police station said that on Tuesday morning the police were taking action against illegal ferrying of passengers by autorickshaw drivers. \"Ingle stopped Jagtap after he found four passengers in his auto,\" Golde said.He impounded Jagtap's driving license and asked him to come to the Hadapsar traffic division. \"On the way, Jagtap said there was some technical fault in the vehicle and got down. Before the police could react, he seized some discarded cloth from the auto, set them ablaze and threw them on the front and back seat of the auto. He also threw the burning cloth on to the hood of the auto and fled,\" Golde added.The police have registered a case under sections 186 (obstructing public servant in discharge of public functions), 435 (mischief by fire or explosive substance with intent to cause damage) of the Indian Penal Code.Jagtap has also been booked for illegal ferrying of passengers, Golde said.Meanwhile, to condemn the police action the Maharashtra Rickshaw Sena has called an autorickshaw bandh in Hadapsar on Wednesday. President of the union, Nana Kshirsagar, has also demanded that police action against autorickshaw drivers be stopped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12255938", "title": "SSCB boys, UP girls win wrestling tourney", "text": "PATNA: Services Sports Control Board (SSCB) boys lifted the All India Federation Cup Wrestling Tournament trophy in both Greco-Roman (GR) style and freestyle at the Patliputra Sports Complex here on Tuesday.Uttar Pradesh (27 points) beat Delhi by just one point to claim the women's freestyle trophy. Jharkhand were third with 13 points.Bihar missed the championship trophy by a whisker in the GR style despite earning 53 points, equal to the total score of the SSCB who were declared champions for better timing by their wrestlers. Delhi finished third with 46 points in that category.SSCB boys collected 62 points, ahead of Delhi's 56 and Madhya Pradesh's 55 points, to win the freestyle team championship.It was a notable day for Bihar. Krishna Kant Yadav of Karmnasa bagged gold medal in the GR 74kg. The winner of 2009 Junior National and bronze medallist at 2008 Cadet Olympics in Cuba defeated Rahul of West Bengal for the gold. A trainee at Army Sports Institute and member of the Olympic qualifier camp, Krishna said he was confident of winning the gold. \"I am also hopeful of qualifying for Olympics,\" he told TOI.Kanhaiya Lal Yadav had won the first gold for Bihar in GR 55kg on Monday.HRD's principal secretary Anjani Kumar Singh handed over the trophies to the winners. The final results on Tuesday are:Men's GR 60kg: Rajesh, Delhi (gold), Brijesh, UP (silver), Dashrath Yadav of Bihar and Maneesh of Jharkhand (bronze).Freestyle 60kg: Laxman Yadav, UP (gold), Brijendra, Delhi (silver), Amit, SSCB, and Sarvar Mansoori of Madhya Pradesh (bronze).Freestyle 74kg: Pravesh, Delhi (gold), Chandra Bhushan, Gujarat (silver), Vipin, SSCB, and Kishan of Madhya Pradesh (bronze).GR 74kg: K K Yadav, Bihar (gold), Rahul, West Bengal (silver), Ranjan of Jharkhand and Brijesh of Delhi (bronze).Freestyle 96kg: Yudhvir, SSCB (gold), Pawan, Delhi (silver), Devender Bishnoi of Madhya Pradesh and Vijay Kumar of Bihar (bronze).GR 96kg: Santosh, SSCB (gold), Manish, Tripura (silver), Dharmendra of West Bengal and Gurpreet Singh of Gujarat (bronze).Women's freestyle (51kg): Shikha, Chandigarh (gold), Ruby, UP (silver), Asha of Jharkhand and Kirit Bhanwala of Delhi (bronze).67kg: Santosh, Delhi (gold), Anuradha, UP (silver), Shmet Nisha of Jharkhand and Pooja of Chandigarh (bronze).72kg: Manu Tomar, UP (gold), Kumari Pratibha, Delhi (silver), Neha of Chandigarh and Usha of Jharkhand (bronze).59kg: Rekha , Delhi (gold), Kavita, UP (silver), Namita Kumari of Jharkhand and Swati Singh of Tripura (bronze).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "12256617", "title": "Singhbhum traders cry for new trains", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The Singhbhum Chamber of Commerce and Industry (Shas sought three new trains and has taken up its long-pending demand of a direct train to Jodhpur (Rajasthan) from Tatanagar and a train to Hyderabad. It has also sought a train to Bhagalpur from here.The social and industrial organizations of the Steel City are expecting railway minister Dinesh Trivedi to concede to few of their demands, if not all.\"In our memorandum (to the railway minister) we have sought two new trains in addition to our long-standing demand for a train to Jodhpur,\" said Suresh Sonthalia, a senior SCCI member. Existence of over three lakh Rajasthani population in the city is the premise of the SCCI's demand for a train to Rajasthan, while frequent travel of a large number of students to the southern city for higher education is the basis of the demand for train to Hyderabad.The reason for seeking a train to Bhagalpur is because many people here are facing problems while travelling to Bhagalpur division. \"At least, the government can run Howrah-Jodhpur Express through Tatanagar till the time a new train is not announced and enhance the frequency of the Tatanagar-Yashwantpur Express to thrice a week (from once a week),\" said Sonthalia.The SCCI has also asked for increasing the frequency of Bhubneswar-New Delhi Rajdhani Express to five days a week from three days. The Utkal Association in its memorandum submitted to the rail ministry has sought inter-city superfast Express between Tatanagar and Bhubneswar and running of Puri-Hazrat Nizamuddin Utkal express via Chaibasa-Keonjhar route.Utkal Association president R N Satpathy said the number of people travelling to Bhubneswar had increased manifold in recent years, but availability of the trains and berths on this route were limited. \"Inter-city express is the only solution to accommodate heavy rush of passengers on this route,\" said Sathpathy.The social and industrial organizations here claim that the Chakradhapur division of the South Eastern Railway contributes the highest revenue to the railways, largely for being an industrial hub and abundance of raw mineral resources, and hence their demands should be taken care off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12255636", "title": "RMLAU mulls online fee deposition for BEd exam", "text": "LUCKNOW: BEd aspirants may not have to stand in long queues in banks for getting fee drafts made. Dr Ram Manohar Lohiya Avadh University (RMLAU) Faizabad, that will conduct the joint entrance test (JEE-BEd) 2012, is mulling online fee deposition method. According to university officials, this will speed up the counselling process and also ensure timely payment made to BEd colleges.Talking to TOI, RMLAU registrar, SK Shukla said: \"We have proposed to bring in the online method for fee deposition. The final decision will be taken only after a government-level meeting which will be held soon.\"The university had proposed the online system of fee payment so that the colleges get money in time and do not trouble candidates.In the past years, a BEd candidate had to submit a draft of Rs 500 on day one of the counselling. After he/she finished locking the college of his/her choice, they were asked to collect the seat allotment letter the next day along with another draft of Rs 5,000 (advance fee). Within next three days, the candidate was required to submit yet another draft of the remaining amount at the counselling venue.To save students from this cumbersome process, Faizabad University has come out with an online method. As per the present proposal, the university will give an account number to the candidates which will be published in daily newspapers so that candidates can keep track of it. Before coming to the counselling centre, a student will submit the registration fee, also called the counselling fee in that account and take a receipt. The candidate will have to produce the receipt along with the original documents on first day of counselling. After document verification, the candidate will proceed towards choice locking. After this, a candidate will again be given an account number where in he will have to deposit the advance fee of Rs 5,000. The remaining fee will also be paid in a similar manner. The process, as per the officials, will lessen the university's work of collecting drafts and then sending it to the respective colleges.\"The online fee deposition method will also give us a clear idea of the total number of vacant seats and number of candidates who have submitted the fee,'' said an official, adding that the proposal will only take final shape after government meeting.In addition, the university has also released a booklet which carries the frequently asked questions. Shukla said: \"There is always last minute confusion among candidates. The booklet carries the instructions that a candidate should keep in mind before taking the exam.''BEd JEE 2012 will be held on April 23. Unlike last year, not only candidates from outside UP (5%) but also those from UP (95%) will have to produce a domicile certificate at the time of counselling. This time, district codes and university codes have been allotted to avoid further chaos. Last year, 6.41 lakh candidates have registered for the exam, out of which, 5.35 took the exam. This year, however, an approximate of 5 lakh candidates has filled up the form. The test will be held in 25 cities across the state. The result is likely to be declared on May 23 and the counselling to begin from June 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "12255523", "title": "LCB seizes 23 PDS sugar bags in raid", "text": "GONDIA: The local crime branch (LCB) in a swoop on a kirana shop in Amgaon seized 23 bags having sugar meant to be sold through public distribution system (PDS) on Monday. A special squad led by sub-inspector Ulhas Kadam raided the kirana shop owned by Deokinandan Agrawal who is said to be out of town on a pilgrimage. Dwarkaprasad Agrawal (39) who was running the shop was arrested.LCB's Kadam along with Amgaon police inspector Prasad Pandahare recovered 23 bags which were brought from fair price shop for selling them in the black market. Dwarkaprasad is reported to have confessed.Later food distribution inspector NM Bedi told the media persons that samples of the seized goods have been collected. \"We have sought a chemical analysis of these samples. The shopkeeper will be booked under Essential Commodities Act if found guilty,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12255723", "title": "RPF constable run over by train", "text": "VARANASI: A constable of special intelligence branch of Railway Police Force (RPF), Surendra Lal Srivastava, was killed after coming under the wheels of a train near platform number five at the Cantonment railway station on Tuesday.According to reports, Surendra, a native of Madhuban area in Mau district, was deployed at SIB of RPF station at Cantonment railway station. He had to gone to a RPF office located near platform number five to collect some document.When he was returning to platform number one, he could not see the Dadar Gorakhpur Express and came under its wheels. He died on the spot.Mysterious death: Genda Prasad, a 45-year-old tractor driver of Usarpurva village under Shivpur police station limits, died in mysterious circumstances on Monday night. According to reports, Genda had consumed liquor and non-vegetarian food with his brother Bhagvan Das on Monday evening after which he died.Without informing Genda's wife Geeta about his death, Bhagvan Das and other family members and villagers tried to head towards the cremation ghat with the body.In the meantime, Geeta reached there and alleged that Bhagvan Das had killed Genda by making him consume poisonous liquor and food articles. Taking serious note of it, the police sent the body for postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "12256090", "title": "No contest for Ganjam ZP prez post", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Surath Pradhan of the ruling BJD was unanimously elected president of Ganjam zilla parishad on Tuesday.Pradhan, a two-time ZP member from Kabisurya Nagar block and two-time sarpanch from Sunapalli gram panchayat in the same block, was the only candidate who filed the nomination papers for the prestigious post in the ZP, wherein 37 women were elected this time out of its total 69 members.Ganjam is the biggest ZP in the state. Pradhan is BJD's Kabisurya Nagar block chief. While 60 candidates of BJD were elected to Ganjam ZP this time, the Congress has four and BJP two members respectively. The CPI and CPM have two and one members respectively. \"I am very happy as the party decided to make me ZP president. I will discharge my duties properly with the cooperation of all ministers, MLAs, ZP members and officers,\" he said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12255567", "title": "NMC payments to go online", "text": "The NMC is planning to make cheques history in its transaction. It is soon going to release all its payments through online mode. NMC makes payments of Rs 650-700 crore every year for its various works. It has so far been making these payments through cheques. The finance department of NMC issues over 3,000 cheques in a month to contractors and others.As a part of the e-governance project taken up by NMC, it will issue tenders online and would also make payments for works online. The work of e-governance project is almost complete. A circular has been issued announcing that payments would be released through ECS, RTGS, NEFT mode from April 1. \"Contractors have to open new accounts or get the facility of these type of modes before April 1. No excuse will be given in the payment mode,\" said the circular.An official said the plan was to bring transparency and ease in the process. \"It will be beneficial for NMC and also contractors,\" he said. It would eliminate chance of bogus cheques being issued as had happened recently and malpractices with release of payments. Besides, eliminating use of paper cheques would be ecofriendly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12256808", "title": "Care during menopause", "text": "Nutrition and wellness expert, Suneet Kaur suggests changes a mature woman can make to deal with the menopause phase in lifeMenopause is a natural phase signaling the end of a woman's child-bearing age. It occurs during her 40's or early 50's and brings with it, psychological stresses because of basic biological changes. For some, it leads to freedom and confidence, but for others, it is a midlife emotional crisis with many health problems. Natural menopause does not occur overnight; it is not a hormonal deficiency disease but a gradual biological phenomenon when fertility-enabling estrogen hormones reduce.SymptomsAt first, there is irregularity in the pattern of your periods. You might experience infrequent periods, or might even have them more frequently. After these early signals, there could be:Hot flushes or sudden feeling of heat in the face and upper part of your body for a few minutes, causing sweating and disturbed sleep.Vaginal dryness with itchy feeling and pain during intercourse.Loss in bladder control causing leaks in urine, especially when sneezing or coughing.Change in hormonal levels with unexplained mood swings - irritability, depression , forgetfulness and exhaustion.Weight gain, aching bones, tiredness.After-effects :The main after-effects are osteoporosis and increased vulnerability to heart-related ailments. Reduction in estrogen and calcium levels makes our bones susceptible to weakness and brittleness. Menopause is unavoidable. While no special treatment is necessary in normal cases, hormone replacement therapy may be required for others, plus lifestyle and dietary changes. Regular exercise is recommended. It decreases blood cholesterol, decreases bone loss, improves your ability to deal with stress , depression, anxiety and weight gain and improves circulation and heart function.A good dietA nutritious calcium, boron and phyto-estrogen rich diet helps. This relieves hot flushes and vaginal dryness by almost 50 per cent. Dietary sources of phytoestrogen are flax seed, soya beans, tofu, whole grains, sesame seeds, sunflower seeds, cashews, kale, broccoli and berries. Calcium improves bone density and curbs osteoporosis. It is found in milk, milk products, tofu, almonds, sesame seeds, red beans, spinach, broccoli, peas, makhana, and fish. Boron, a mineral in plant food, decreases calcium excretion by the body up to 40 per cent and is found in fruits, veggies, tubers and legumes. Go through this phase positively. Many of your changes are related to age, and not necessarily to menopause.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12256957", "title": "HC flays officials for flouting law in Ramgarh dam case", "text": "JAIPUR: Senior officials of the government, including chief secretary C K Mathew, faced the ire of the high court on Tuesday as it criticized the government for its failure in restoring the water bodies of the state as directed by the court earlier in the Ramgarh dam case.On Tuesday, the court opened the sealed envelope containing the Action Taken Report on the illegal encroachments near water bodies, submitted to it on Monday. The report also contained the minutes of the meeting held under the chairmanship of chief secretary on February 16.The state government confessed that the catchment areas of rivers, dams, and other water bodies have not only been illegally allocated, but also regularised against the law and the government officials have taken a view that in case the original status of all the water bodies as it existed in 1947 is restored, it will create a law and order problem. As such, the court's order will be complied with only from 2004 when the order was delivered.The members of monitoring committee, constituted by the court, said that Section 16 of Rajasthan Tenancy Act, 1955 bars allotment of any land of water bodies to any private persons. Despite this, not only many allotments have been made, but the encroachments have also been regularized.\"Officers are meant for implementation of law and not for flauting them. If this continues, it will multiply land mafia and the state will continue to face water scarcity. It is an unfortunate situation that Rajasthan faces droughts consistently but the officials are hardly serious about it,\" said Justice Bhandari.Chief secretary Mathew sought some time from the court to take strong action in the matter. Additional advocate general R P Singh assured the court that no stone will be left unturned by the government in maintaining the water bodies.The court granted time to officials till April 23 and reserved the final and detailed order to be pronounced on that day.Meanwhile, the court directed state government to constitute district level committees to see that the no land of a water body or belonging to the catchment area of a water unit is used for any other purpose. The court also appreciated role played by additional advocate general R P Singh in the matter. \"This court would like to direct the state government to allow Singh to supervise the working of all the district level committees in the state,\" the court said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12255123", "title": "Netas duping dalits and tribals?", "text": "Governments of all hues at the Centre and state levels have always claimed to be working for the uplift of dalits and tribals, two of the most deprived sections in India. They comprise nearly a quarter of India's population. Yet progress has been slow and patchy despite decades of affirmative action. Why?Part of the answer lies in gross neglect and insincerity of political rulers - this is the conclusion of a study by the Centre for Budget and Governance Accountability (CBGA), a Delhi-based think-tank.According to the CBGA's findings, it turns out that in 2011-12, for instance, dalits were deprived of about Rs 23,890 crore and tribals of Rs 12,187 crore by deficient allocation by central ministries.Putting two key central government policies related to dalits and tribals under the scanner, CBGA researchers found that these have remained on paper. These policies are the Special Component Plan (SCP) for scheduled castes and the Tribal Sub-Plan (TSP) for scheduled tribes. Started three decades ago, they made it mandatory for central government ministries and departments to earmark a fixed share of their spending for dalits and tribals in proportion to their population. This means that each agency needed to exclusively spend about 16% of their funds on dalits and about 9% on tribals.Analysing data from 2004-05 till 2010-11, the CBGA found that allocation for dalits has ranged between 4% to 8%, and allocation for tribals between 3% to 5% only. That is, the government is officially allocating only about half the funds of what it is mandated to do. In fact most ministries did not even differentiate between dalits and tribals while giving spending details and just gave a notional figure, says the CBGA.These funds were meant for various schemes ranging from education to employment creation.Several crucial schemes like Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA), schemes in higher education , Integrated Child Development Services (ICDS), National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) and Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) do not even have clear guidelines about provisions for dalits and tribals.Some schemes like the Indira Awas Yojana and the Swarnajayanti Gram Swarozgar Yojana do have such specific provisions and hence, work better.Bowing to continued criticism on this count, the Planning Commission set up a Task Force in 2010 headed by Narendra Jadhav. Among other things, this recommended that every year, each ministry should give details of how much money they spent on schemes related to dalits and tribals.Details of spending are thus fully available since 2010-11 and they confirm the dismal picture of earlier years: spending continues to languish in the 8-9% range for dalits and 3-5% for tribals.According to the CBGA, the Jadhav committee has left a glaring loophole in the whole system by declaring several ministries to have no obligation of spending specifically on Scheduled Castes/Scheduled Tribes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12256514", "title": "Election panel chief to supervise draw for symbols", "text": "NEW DELHI:With political parties coming forward to seek the same symbol, the state election commission has decided to amend its symbol order. Earlier, the returning officer of a constituency could hold a draw of lots in case of more than one contender.However, to rule out any scope of symbol overlapping at the ward level, the Delhi election commissioner Rakesh Mehta will be supervising and declaring the results of the draw from now on.So far, only the Samajwadi Party and the J&K; National Panthers Party have emerged as contenders for a bicycle but the state election commission is taking no chances. Both parties figure on the list of state parties. While SP is still riding high on the bicycle in UP - where it won with an impressive majority, the J&K; National Panthers Party is recognized by the same symbol in J&amp;K.; The draw will decide who will get to keep the bicycle and the state election commissioner will personally supervise and declare the verdict. The decision on symbols - where there is more than one contender - will be taken between March 26 and March 31.The symbol order shows that there are many more parties that share common symbols. For instance, the Asom Gana Parishad has an elephant as its symbol. This is incidentally also the symbol of the BSP. Hence, if the Asom Gana Parishad decides to enter the muncipal poll arena then it will have to opt for a different symbol as the BSP has a reserved symbol since it is a national party.According to the symbol order, national parties have symbols reserved for them by the Delhi EC. But in case of state parties, the allotment is done by the state EC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12255577", "title": "City doctor adopts short cut to the heart", "text": "NAGPUR: Known for many firsts in the field of heart surgeries, Dr PK Deshpande has added one more feather to his cap by performing two minimally invasive heart surgeries for the first time in the city within a week since February 29. He replaced the aortic valves of a 60-year-old man and a 78-year-old woman. Both patients from rural areas had given up all hopes of survival, but were back on their feet in four days.\"Though not practised by doctors in city, this procedure is not very big. But I had always wanted to perform aortic valve replacement (AVR) using minimal invasive procedure. It was finally made possible with support of my young friend and expert Dr Vinay Tak from New York,\" Dr Deshpande said.A Government Medical College and Hospital alumnus, Dr Tak visits Dr Deshpande whenever he's in the city to discuss his work. \"When I told him about my desire to learn the procedure, he guided me during my first operation on Mahadeo Verma from Chhindwara. I did the second surgery by myself within a week,\" said Dr Deshpande.Life had become extremely miserable for 78-year-old Sulochana Mahajan from Sakharkheda village in Buldhana district since last two years. She was suffering from high blood pressure for 10 years without any heart problem. But over the last 10-12 months she could barely walk two to three steps due to severe breathlessness.Her family had taken her to doctors in Mumbai but could not gather the courage to get her operated there. Faith in Dr Deshpande, who happens to hail from Buldhana district, brought them to Nagpur. \"We knew he is a good heart surgeon. Also, one of my daughter lives here. So I decided on the operation despite knowing that it would be the first such procedure by him,\" said Sulochana.Her son Nitin Mahajan, a farmer, could not suppress his tears while sharing his experience with TOI. \"Dr Deshpande had clearly told us that he would use a new method not practised by any doctor in Vidarbha as yet. But it did not frighten us. It was a pleasure to see my mother walk on her own down the ramp to talk to you,\" he said with gratitude in his eyes.The other patient, Mahadeo Verma from Chhindwara was operated upon on February 29. He too has no regrets, except that he could have got the surgery done with finance from his employer, Western Coalfields Limited (WCL), if the operation had been done a few months back.\"I retired from Chandameta mines in last September. I had never had any heart problems or even high blood pressure. After retirement I developed severe chest pain while gardening at home in Chhindwara. After preliminary treatment I met many cardiac surgeons in Nagpur and decided to get operated by Dr Deshpande, despite knowing that the surgery would be a trial on me,\" he said.Dr Deshpande was assisted in the procedure by Dr Dilip Gupta, Dr Sandeep Khanzode, Dr SK Deshpande and Dr Avantika Jaiswal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12256209", "title": "Teachers to protest from today", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Teachers from across the country will participate in the three day protest rally to be organized by the All India Federation of University and College Teachers' Organisations (AIFUCTO) in New Delhi from March 14. Delegates from Kerala will take part in the rally on the third day. The protest raises the demand of the payment of the 80% of arrears by the central government without any further delay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "model gram", "code": "12256955", "title": "Bhatia family celebrates as Anaya turns 1", "text": "MODEL GRAM: A childs first birthday is always special, and so it was for Anaya, whose parents Rajat Bhatia and Nitika of Model Gram and extended family celebrated her turning one on Tuesday.Anayas maternal uncle Anshul Bhatia said his sister Nitika and brother-in-law Rajat held a small birthday party at their house. Anayas grandmother Promilla, maternal grandparents Anil Bhatia and Nisha were also present, he said. Anshul said, My wife Nidhi was also present on the occasion. The grandmother and maternal grandparents gave gifts to Anaya on her first birthday, including dresses and toys.Nitika said, I am happy with the way we celebrated Anayas first birthday. As the party was on a small scale, we will be holding a mega party on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12254808", "title": "IAF women officers win another job battle in HC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre was directed by the Delhi high court on Tuesday to grant permanent commission to three women officers, who are on short service commission (SSC) with the Indian Air Force.Allowing a joint contempt plea by Wing Commander Rekha Singh and Squadron leaders Seema Nandan and Seema Dahiya against the government for non-compliance of the court's earlier order, Justice Vipin Sanghi directed the defence ministry to grant permanent commission to them in six weeks on the basis of government's policy in November, 2010.The court also directed the ministry to file a compliance report by May 24.The officer argued before the court that one of its division benches had directed the government on March 12, 2010, to frame a policy and grant permanent commission to women officers at par with their male colleagues.The lawyer submitted that the ministry on November 19, 2010, had framed a policy and fixed the criteria that the SSC women officers, who were serving prior to May 25, 2006, and also meeting the Quantitative Requirement (QR) of 6.5 points, would be granted permanent commission, but her clients were not given the benefit.On their contempt pleas, the government had assured the court last May that it would consider the officers' pleas for permanent commission. But, the officers' lawyers pointed out that the ministry brought a new policy last August changing the grading point of 6.5 to 7.Accusing the government of deliberately ignoring their pleas, the officers maintained that they meet the requisite grading point of 6.5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "12255653", "title": "Bomb scare at Dabolim airport", "text": "VASCO: On Tuesday afternoon, a bag left unattended at the Dabolim airport created havoc after it led to a scare among passengers, who thought the baggage might contain explosives. At around 4pm, passengers near the international departure section at the Dabolim airport noticed that a black bag had been lying unattended for a long time and that no one had turned up to claim it. It slowly led to suspicions that it carried a bomb and passengers began to panic.Noticing the commotion, the airport staff summoned the bomb disposal squad and CISF personnel. When the bag was finally opened it was found to contain only clothing. A passport of an Indian national was also found in the bag. However, the police refused to reveal the identity of the passport holder. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12254280", "title": "Don\u2019t get restless, won\u2019t trip UPA, Samajwadi Party tells BJP", "text": "NEW DELHI: With speculation on mid-term polls doing the rounds, the Samajwadi Party (SP) on Tuesday chose to extend support to a beleaguered UPA-II.SP leader Shailendra Kumar asked the BJP not to be \"restless\" adding, \"We have been with the UPA. We won't allow this government to fall... and no other parties want it. We don't want mid-term (Lok Sabha) elections.\" He was participating on the motion of thanks to the Presidential address in the Lok Sabha .\"You should not be restless. You should show some patience. You have to do a lot of hard work,\" said Kumar, scotching rumours that regional parties including BJD, JD(U), and others were keen on a third front.Earlier, BJP leader Rajnath Singh attacked the Centre on the issue of terrorism and India's ties with China. He said that the UPA government had adopted an attitude of \"confrontation\" towards the states. \"The mentality of the government is such that it is not even ready to accept the constructive support of opposition parties,\" he said. These included amendments to the RPF Act, communal violence Bill and the decision to allow FDI in multi-brand retail were some other examples of the Centre impinging upon the rights of the states.Singh alleged that the Centre has not taken serious steps to counter terrorism. \"People should be told how many terror modules are active in the country...we must not take solace in the fact that 18 such modules have been eliminated,\" he said.He said Congress had made the anti-terror law POTA an election issue and repealed it after coming to power, but the Centre was yet to give its assent to an anti-terror law passed by the Gujarat legislature. He added that several laws passed by BJP and NDA ruled states have not been cleared by the Centre despite a lapse of several years.Singh claimed that the credibility of the UPA government was at an all time low and it should ensure to restore it. \"If it does not, then it has no right to continue in office,\" he added.According to CBGA, the Jadhav committee has left a glaring loophole in the whole system by declaring several ministries to have no obligation of spending specifically on SC/STs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12256302", "title": "Film, a bhajansa mark day 2", "text": "CHANDIGARH: On the second day of Kabir festival, \"Suno bhai sadho\", organized by Sangeet Natak Akademi, Chandigarh, at Tagore Theatre, film \"Chalo hamara des\" (Come to my country) was screened in the morning. It has been directed by Shabnam Virmani. The film interweaves the stories of two people from different countries \" Indian folk singer Prahlad Tipanya and North American scholar Linda Hess. It highlights how these two lives are brought together in an unlikely friendship by the cross-cultural resonance of Kabir's poetry.A 98-minute film, it has been screened at \"One Billion Eyes Documentary Film Festival\" (August 2008), Chennai; World Performing Arts Festival (November 2008), Lahore; International Festival of Sacred Arts (February 2009), Delhi; VIBGYOR International Film Festival (February 2009), Thrissur, Kerala and Film South Asia, Kathmandu , in September 2009.In the evening, Virmani rendered \"bhajans\" as per Malwai tradition of Madhya Pradesh. It was followed by Mooralala Marwada's performance. A folk singer of Kutch district of Gujarat, he rendered \"Kabir vani\".On Wednesday, the concluding day of Kabir festival, Padamshree Prahlad Singh Tipanya will perform with his group as per Malwai tradition of Madhya Pradesh. It will be followed by a performance of Mahesha Ram of Rajasthan. In the morning, two films will be screened.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12256299", "title": "100 get placements at AVSAR", "text": "CHANDIGARH: On the first day of AVSAR, a placement drive organized by Panjab University's Central Placement Cell (CPC) and the student council, over 100 students grabbed final placement offers. Around 30 companies visited University Institute of Applied Management Studies ( UIAMS), which is hosting the meticulously planned fest this year. Candidates were shortlisted based on their performance and eagerness to pick up a job before the commencement of the job fair.Over 500 students who had already got jobs through their respective departments, but still registered again for the job fair were turned down to give opportunities to others. \"Once a student gets selected in this job fair, he is not permitted sit for other companies. This is done to give everybody a fair chance. We have ensured stricter rules,\" added Chadha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12257136", "title": "Woman murdered by husband at Karni Vihar", "text": "JAIPUR: A 32-year-old woman was murdered by her husband at Karni Vihar in the early hours on Monday. Police revealed that the murder was pre-planned and claimed that the accused killed his wife between 12.30 am and 1 am and then boarded the Jodhpur-Howrah train, which arrived in the city at 1.45 am.\"In our investigation we found that the accused has fled away with his 3-year-old daughter after killing his wife. Since he belongs to the Cooch Bihar district of West Bengal , it is very likely that he left for his native place. We have sent our team to West Bengal,\" said BL Soni, commissioner of police.The accused allegedly killed his wife, Roma, by slitting her throat on the suspicion of her having an extra-marital relationship. The neighbours asserted the couple was miffed with each other over trivial issues. However, on Sunday night the couple had a fight over a new cell phone which Roma was carrying with her.The accused asked his wife about the cell phone but he wasn't convinced with the answer and hit her with a sharp-edged weapon and slit her throat. The residents of the colony saw the house locked and informed the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12255821", "title": "Crime branch team to assist S Goa SP to probe desecrations", "text": "PANAJI: A crime branch team lead by deputy superintendent of police Mohan Naik has been directed to assist the South Goa superintendent of police (SP) to investigate into the desecration of the graveyards at Curchorem.Speaking to TOI, Yadav said, \"One crime branch team has been directed to assist the South Goa SP to investigate into the Curchorem incidents. The South Goa SP has also been directed to utilize all his officers to carry out the probe.\"Yadav along with his team once again visited the spot to investigate into the case. Yadav said that they have intensified night patrolling and police have been directed to question suspicious persons in the area. \"If a person fails to give a valid reason, then he willl be called to the police station for a further investigation,\" he added. He also appealed to citizens to share the information with the police and assured them of keeping their identity confidential.Meanwhile, the police department has asked the concerned police station to review the performance of the local intelligence bureau (LIB). Yadav said that non-perfroming police personnel should be removed and those with criminal intelligence and who're sincere should be posted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12255166", "title": "Jaya Bachchan likely to be in SP\u2019s Rajya Sabha nominee list", "text": "LUCKNOW: In February 2010 when Amar Singh was expelled from Samajwadi Party, cine star turned politician Jaya Bachchan refused to denounce the party. With Rajya Sabha elections slated for March 30, it is now the pay back time for SP. So Jaya is likely to have another Rajya Sabha term. Others in the list include party hopper Naresh Agarwal and an old-timer Mulayam loyalist Brij Bhushan Tiwari.As many as 58 seats are set to fall vacant in Rajya Sabha on April 2, 2012. On the basis of the strength of the state assembly, the state is entitled to send a total of 10 members. In proportion to the party position in UP assembly, Samajwadi Party (SP) will have a quota of 6 of the 10 member limit set for UP.Speculations were rife over Jaya Bachchan's candidature from SP particularly in the light of the fact that her husband Amitabh Bachchan was presently the brand Ambassador for Gujarat. However, sources said that her Gujarat connect was purely social and had no political shades to it. If re-elected, this would be her third terms to the Rajya Sabha from SP. She was first elected to the house in 2004 only to be re-elected in 2006. Her current tenure slated to end on April 2, 2012.Jaya was sad over Amar Singh's expulsion from the party and went ahead to state that Mulayam Singh Yadav had a lot of love for Amar and had perhaps sacked Amar Singh at the instance of some politicians around him who did not see Amar Singh eye to eye apparently owing to his then growing clout. On the issue of snapping her ties with SP to show solidarity with Amar Singh, she had said, \"I will quit the post and the party, but only if the party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadavji asks me to do so.\" This was apparently one statement that won over Mulayam Singh Yadav.The second contender in the list, is Naresh Agarwal - a sitting BSP MP in the Rajya Sabha which he joined after 2007 elections in UP.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12256869", "title": "I\u2019ve lost everything: Rape victim", "text": "GURGAON: \"I never imagined this could happen. I took up the job for earning, but now I have lost everything,\" said the 23-year-old victim of Monday's gang rape in Gurgaon . This was her first job. She now wants the accused to be severely punished.With nail marks on her face, the mother of a twoyear-old boy reached the DLF-II police station with her mother and brother on Tuesday afternoon and stayed there till 5.20pm. The victim said her husband had gone to their village and she was staying with her mother, brother and son at Badarpur in south Delhi. \"I had started working in the bar only a month ago. I got this job with the help of one of my friends , Sapna,\" she said. Two days before the crime, she had a fight with Sapna on attendance.The woman, who had studied up to Class V, said she had never danced with any guest at the bar. She used to check women visitors and make sitting arrangements in the pub. \"I never knew the accused. When I came out of the mall with my brother, they followed us. I can identify them if they are paraded before me. The bar-owner is also telling lies about my job. I was working at the bar on night shift - from 9pm to 2.30am - daily.\" She did not know about the arrest of the accused, the victim said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12255801", "title": "Computer teachers to get 5 months' pay by Mar 31", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Tuesday got to fulfilling his promise of resolving the issue of the postings of computer teachers in government-aided schools within 48 hours.Parrikar, as promised, instructed education officials to ensure that the 300-odd aggrieved computer teachers are issued their first salary cheques by March 31.\"The teachers will be paid four to five months of their salaries, at first, by the end of this month. Everything will be streamlined from thereon,\" director of education Anil Powar told reporters, after the meeting with Parrikar.The chief minister called a meeting with the director of education and education secretary V P Rao on Tuesday at the secretariat complex, in keeping with his promise to the computer teachers.But no representative of the minority-run institutions, that are refusing to absorb the computer teachers, was present for the meeting. And, therefore, talks about the teachers' regularization could not take place on Tuesday.The computer teachers were issued appointment letters by the directorate of education (DoE), a year ago.But they could not be provided postings as the schools that were to absorb them refused to do so. The schools, which are minority-run institutions, did not want to employ the teachers as they said the government had no right to dictate employment in minority-run schools.The school management expressed fears of the state controlling appointment of employees in their institutions in the future too. Their contention was that the Constitution of India provides them with the right to run their institutions as they wish without government interference. These schools are government-aided.The computer teachers, who have been working for more than a decade on contract basis, have been protesting for the regularization of their jobs since 2007.While the issue of those employed in government schools has been resolved, for those awaiting postings in government-aided minority-run institutions, regularization of jobs is still to materialize.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12256022", "title": "'Restart Rockford Exp from Trichy'", "text": "TRICHY: Residents of Trichy and other districts coming under the Tiruchirapalli division are sounding optimistic and are hoping that many of their long pending demands will be met when Union railway minister Dinesh Trivedi presents the budget on Wednesday.More than a dozen proposals are expected to be considered for implementation in the division, of which the demand for restoring the Rockfort Express from its original destination Trichy, is echoed by many.Recalling the suspension of trains from Thanjavur to Chennai due to gauge conversion a few years ago, H Ghoush Baig, secretary of the consumer protection council, Golden Rock branch, Tamil Nadu , said the Rockfort Express, which was originally operated between Trichy and Chennai was shifted to Thanjavur. Of late, the train operated from Kumbakonam to Chennai, running via Thanjavur and Trichy.\"Despite the completion of gauge conversion on the stretch, the railways failed to restore the Rockfort Express from Trichy. Hence, passengers from Trichy have been enduring hardships. New train services should be introduced from Thanjavur to Chennai which will reduce the train fare that Kumbakonam passengers are coughing up,\" Baig added.M Sekaran, president of the Federation of Consumer and Service Organisations, Trichy appealed for the restoration of the Trichy - Mangalore Express, which was extended up to Chennai due to political pressure. A suspended express train connecting Trichy and Tirupati should also be restored as gauge conversion was over. Another express Trichy - Ahmedabad, which was suspended without any reason, should be restored, he added.Besides trains, the public has also demanded construction of under passes to cross railway lines in vantage points such as Palakkarai, Thennur, Srirangam, Uthamarkovil and G-corner.Another hardship people were forced to endure was the closure of the Ariyamangalam railway station, which was being operated through an agency. They insisted upon the government to reopen the station as educational institutions including the Regional Engineering College and industries like Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited and Ordnance factory are easily accessible from there.According to Abubacker Siddique, state working committee member of the Social Democratic Party of India (SDPI) in Tiruvarur, the Central government, a few days ago said it will execute a long pending broad gauge conversion from Tiruvarur to Karaikudi at a cost of Rs 506 crore for about 190 km. Stressing this demand on February 26, people attempted to block the railway track in Tiruvarur, but the police arrested them.T R Baalu , chairman of the standing committee on railways, told reporters on February 7, that the panel would recommend setting up of a railway manufacturing unit over 100 acres in Golden Rock railway workshop. However, a senior railway official ruled out any such plan.Yet another project proposed by Baalu, to lay a broad gauge line between Mannarkudi to Pattukottai for 41 km at a cost of Rs 215.59 crore may be included in the railway budget this year, according to railway sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12255959", "title": "Nitin Patel says sorry", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Urban development minister Nitin Patel on Tuesday expressed regrets for his personal remarks on three Congress MLAs. Patel's apology came after the House was adjourned twice earlier in the day and efforts to resolve the issue failed.Patel during a budget discussion in the House on Monday had alleged that plots of land have been cornered by Congress MLA C K Raulji along the Godhra highway. Raulji had objected to the remark, saying that he had been cleared by the Lokayukta in 2002.After the question hour, Nitin Patel got up and said, \"Under you (speaker) the House is working as per the best parliamentary traditions. While your ruling is pending, I would like to say that I express regret if unknowingly I have hurt the feelings of any member of the house.\" This was enough for the Congress MLAs who later allowed the House to function.Earlier in the day, the House was adjourned twice after Congress MLAs started opposing the minister's personal remark on Congress MLAs. Raulji and other Congress MLAs like Sidharath Patel and Iqbal Patel opposed this allegations and demanded apology from the minister for the allegation and alleged insult of two other Congress MLAs.Parliamentary affairs minister Dilip Sanghani pointed out that the Congress was creating disturbances while the BJP MLAs were speaking on the budget. Speaker Ganpat Vasava asked Congress chief whip Iqbal Patel to ask the party members to sit down, but when the Congress MLAs refused to heed to the advice, the House was adjourned twice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "karimnagar", "code": "12255877", "title": "Teachers beat students black &amp; blue", "text": "KARIMNAGAR: Instances of corporal punishment came to light as students were mercilessly beaten up by teachers in Karimnagar district on Tuesday.In the first incident at a zilla parishad high school at Sirikonda village in Kathalapur mandal, teacher Venkataramana reportedly beat up 60 students with a stick when the students refused to pay extra amount for conducting a farewell party.Fifteen students developed welts on their hands and legs after the severe beating. Angry parents and villagers rushed to the school and demanded the headmaster to suspend the teacher immediately.The enraged parents staged dharna in front of the school. Some villagers rushed to the police station. Sub-inspector Mogili and his team took the teacher into custody but was released late in the evening as no complaint was filed against him.Sources said the teacher had collected Rs 100 each from ninth standard students for hosting a farewell function to the outgoing SSC students on February 29.The teacher wanted to charge an extra Rs 60 from each student as the expenditure to host the function had gone up. When the students did not pay, he took out his anger on them.\"All the students had agreed to pay the additional amount but they backed out. In a fit of rage, I beat them up,\" he said.In another incident at a private school in Huzurabad town, a fourth standard student, Y Yashwanth, was severely beaten up by teacher Venugopal over a petty issue. Yashwanth, while returning from the toilet had a clashed with another student.When Venugopal found out about this, he beat him up with a stick. Parents complained against the teacher with the school correspondent Narasimha Reddy.Later, the teacher apologized to the parents and no police complaint was filed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12259395", "title": "Double fun quotient for Arindam Sil", "text": "Arindam Sil had twice the reason to celebrate.First, he had just canned the sequence where Charu, played by Jaya Ahsan and Hari, played by Abir Chatterjee, meet for the first time in his directorial venture 'Aborto'.And second, the schedule coincided with his birthday.Said an ecstatic Arindam, \"We shot certain sequences of the film at Tolly Club. Hari (Abir) was at his flirtatious best. My daughter, Sonika, took charge of the birthday cake. There was an impromptu celebration at the end of the shoot.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12255315", "title": "Court bans bull-racing", "text": "NASHIK: The Bombay High Court on Monday, March 12, quashed a state government corrigendum allowing non-castrated bulls in races while hearing a petition filed by animal activist Gargi Gogoi. A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice R V More set aside a state circular that had the effect of allowing non-castrated bulls to be used in races.The central government had banned bullock cart races in the country on August 24, 2011. The state had welcomed it then but a month later it had issued a corrigendum allowing non-castrated bulls.A petition was filed by animal activist Gargi Gogoi pleading that the corrigendum be quashed and action be taken against organisers of such races. \"The HC directed the state to issue a circular to all the district collectors and superintendents of police to stop such races,\" informed Anil Kataria, president of Society for Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (SPCA), Ahmednagar, and member of the Committee to Monitor Animal Welfare Laws in Maharashtra (appointed by Bombay High Court).Citing the recent case of a farmer being injured at Naitale, Niphad, Kataria said that during every race participants and the audience have got injured.He has been trying to bring a ban on bull races in the state since 30 years and after the case in Naitale around nine affidavits from different places in the state, including Nashik, was sent to him by witnesses of the races. Gogoi filed a petition on this backdrop challenging the state's corrigendum. \"In July last year, the union ministry of environment and forest added bulls to the list of animals prohibited from being used in performances and a month later had imposed the ban,\" said Kataria.In rural areas such bullock cart races and bull-horse races are common during fairs and festivals, Nashik being one of the prominent ones. Kataria and Gogoi said that generations of families participate in such races and do not even get themselves educated about why such races must be banned.\"Many animals and participants get injured. This decision of the HC will also change the political scenario in the state since these races enjoy political support,\" they added.The animals in these races are known to be tortured, intoxicated before the race begins. With the ban, all of these exploitative activities would be put to an end.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "mata rani chowk", "code": "12256997", "title": "Thousands throng temple on Sheetla Ashtami", "text": "MATA RANI CHOWK: Thousands of people gathered at Sheetala Mata Mandir at Mata Rani Chowk on Sheetla Ashtami on Tuesday.Devotees started gathering at the temple on Monday midnight and the rush was expected to continue till Tuesday midnight. The prasad or Baseda, which is prepared one day ahead, was offered to the Goddess and later distributed among devotees. Bajra, rabri and curd make essential offerings on this day.It is a common belief that worshipping Sheetla Mata on Sheetla Ashtami would prevent them from the deadly outbreak of diseases and the day is marked for the long life of children. Sheetala Mata is commonly called the goddess of small pox. Many devotees were witnessed thronging the temple in the late hours of night as this time is considered most auspicious. Even the local market around the temple was seen doing good business by selling flowers, berrys, leaves and other religious material.Resident of Tagore Nagar, Veena Malhotra said, I made gulgule of wheat flour and jaggery on Monday and offered them to the Goddess, praying that my family is saved from small pox.Resident of Sarabha Nagar Sunit Nanda said, I also offered berries and prayed for the long life of my children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12255830", "title": "Cavrem locals petition Quepem SDM over mining", "text": "MARGAO: Demanding that all illegal mining in Cavrem be stopped, a large number of locals met the Quepem deputy collector sub-divisional magistrate (SDM) Sandhya Kamat on Tuesday, a day after they blocked all mining traffic.On Monday, Cavrem locals blocked the road and did not allow six mining trucks to leave Cavrem as they were upset that their demands for a compensation for the loss to agriculture had been ignored.When the locals met Kamat, they rejected any form of compensation from a certain mine who they accused of being responsible for the destruction of their agricultural fields and further demanded the closure of that mine. The locals also pointed out this was the only mine operating in Cavrem despite the fact that mines in the area had been shut after discrepancies were found in the environment clearances given to them.Kamat promised to address their grievances and said that the matter was sub-judice. Kamat further added that the private company had also promised to carry out an assessment of the losses to agriculture caused by mining activity in that area.\"We are going to go back to the local community and have a meeting tomorrow where we will discuss our future course of action,\" said Cavrem resident Nilesh Gaonkar, who pointed out that the villagers had submitted a memorandum to the company three months earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12256263", "title": "HC: Open Kalka, Parwanoo highway in a week if ita s safe", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Unhappy over the delay in opening four-lane Kalka-Parwanoo highway, the Punjab and Haryana high court on Tuesday directed an independent agency to apprise it in a week if the stretch was safe for use. While issuing the directions, a division bench comprising Chief Justice Ranjan Gogoi and Justice Mahesh Grover made it clear that if there was nothing wrong with its safety aspect, then it be thrown open within a week.The bench added that if anything wrong was found, then it be rectified and the stretch be opened within two weeks. With its opening, commuters' uphill journey will take an hour less, as they will bypass three towns of Pinjore, Kalka and Parwanoo and their traffic jams. At present, a drive through a narrow road from Pinjore to Parwanoo via Kalka is no less than a nightmare for commuters.The directions were passed in the wake of a public interest litigation ( PIL) filed by Harish Kumar Puri for streamlining the flow of traffic on national highways to avoid accidents. In his petition, Puri had sought construction of rumble strips along with traffic signals at the crossings. The petitioner's 27-year-old son Ashok Puri had died on May 14, 1996, due to a failure of the signal system.Earlier, work on the bypass was to start in December 2010, but was deferred several times. The 11-kilometre bypass will begin near Mallah road, about 400 meters from Pinjorea??s Yadvendra Garden, and join the national highway near Timber Trail in Parwanoo passing through a horticulture garden, Amar palace, Bitna village, Tipra village and Kamli village in HP . It has 5.5-km stretch in Haryana, while the remaining part is in HP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12257088", "title": "Major rally from Sarabha Nagar shrine", "text": "LUDHIANA: The TOI campaign, 'Cycle of Life', is all set to shift into a higher gear with the religious fraternity joining the healthy drive. On Wednesday morning, Sarabha Nagar will play host to a cycle rally that will flag off from Gurdwara Guru Singh Sabha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12258997", "title": "Rizvi backs son secretly", "text": "Right before the release of his film Chori Chori Chupke Chupke in the year 2000, producer Nazim Rizvi was arrested for his alleged link up with the underworld don Chota Shakeel.The filmmaker, who had later got out on bail after spending three long years in custody, had even tried to get back to filmmaking with small budget productions Under Trial and Hum Lallan Bol Rahein Hain. However, none got him as much recognition as the Salman Khan , Rani Mukerji and Preity Zinta starrer. And now, he is back. This time to launch his son Azim. Interestingly, the controversial filmmaker has kept his connection with the film or the film's hero a secret.However, when Mirror approached Nazim, he had no qualms in admitting that the 24-year-old hero of Qasam Se Qasam Se is indeed his son. \"Azim is my son. And I have not withheld my name during the promotion of the film due to my past. It's just that Azim met this pharmaceutical businessman Dharmendra Nath Thakur, who wanted my son for the first production of their banner New Mumbai Talkies. I will not deny the fact that I am behind the film. And yes, I am one of the producers.\"He even said that his past has in no way affected his son's career. \"Meri controversies se isko koi matlab nahi hai. Azim has already got two film offers - one with Amitabh Bachchan and the other with Nana Patekar ,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12255151", "title": "\u2018Developed\u2019 Punjab, Haryana show more skewed sex ratio", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi, Punjab and Haryana may be economically progressive but have a skewed sex ratio compared to other states, a new study by National Commission for Women (NCW) said on Tuesday.Decades of struggle against gender discrimination has borne little with statistics showing that \"huge\" gender deficits continue to persist in the country, especially in economically developed states, it said.The report, \"Understanding Gender Equality in India 2012\", a joint initiative of NCW and the UN, is based on data collected from various ministries and commissions, including the ministry of health and family welfare, the election commission and the home ministry.While there has been a marginal increase in the country's sex ratio from 933 in 2001 to 940 in 2011, significant variations exist among the states, with Kerala and Puducherry recording a sex ratio in favour of women, while Delhi, Chandigarh and Haryana have an adverse ratio.Interestingly, Delhi, Chandigarh and Haryana are economically quite progressive based on the per capita Net State Domestic Product (NSDP) which shows that Haryana has a per capita NSDP of Rs 78781 while Delhi and Punjab have per capita NSDP of Rs 116886 and Rs 62153 respectively, it said.The report also noted that the difference between the number of men and women is lesser in rural areas than in urban India, with the former being pegged at 919 women for every 1000 men and the latter 902 per 1000. The worst hit district is Haryana's Jhajjar with a ratio of 774 to 1000 and next is Mahendragarh with a sex ratio of 778 females to 1000 males.\"It is a national emergency,\" NCW chairperson Mamta Sharma said, while releasing the report. \"Everyone says India is a developing nation, but how can we say this when the discrimination against women is so stark, so open,\" she asked.Figures related to violence against women in the country are also dismal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12255779", "title": "Kanpur Bar Association holds Holi milan function", "text": "KANPUR: Holi Milan function was organized by Kanpur Bar Association at the court campus on Tuesday.District magistrate Hari Om, DIG Rajesh Rai, district judge, Ramabai Nagar, OP Verma, several judicial officers and lawyers were present.The programme began with prayers to Lord Ganesha. Singers of Iskon Temple recited 'Hare Rama Hare Krishna. A kavi sammellan was also held, in the many lawyers recited their poems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12257060", "title": "Cellphones lead telecom revolution", "text": "Homes in Maharashtra are much better connected today than a decade ago, with 69% households boasting of telephones in 2011-an impressive jump from merely 14% homes a decade ago, reveals data released by the Census 2011 on Tuesday.The mobile phone in particular seems a ubiquitous feature with roughly one in two homes in the state owning the gadget. While the state is better teleconnected than the national average of 63% homes, it still has a long way to go to catch up with the states such as Delhi, Kerala, Chandigarh and Lakshadweep where more than 90% homes are connected with phones. The Census findings unveil the silent communication revolution that has taken place over the last decade. Televisions have nudged their way into most households, with radios slowly being routed out.\"Nearly 57% of households in Maharashtra have television sets in 2011 as compared to 20% having radio transistors,\" says Ranjit Singh Deol, director Census operations, Maharashtra.Yet, 23% households have none of these amenities. Be it phones or TVs, households in cities are better connected than rural dwellings, in what sociologists say indicates the disparity in purchasing power as well as access to basic electricity. Take for instance, the penetration of telephones: Over 86% of the 1 crore households in urban areas have telephone connectivity as against 54.7% of the 1.3 crore rural households.\"People have realized the utility of phones both in terms of business as well as personal connectivity,\" says Dr M S Kamath of the Consumer Guidance Society of India explaining the growing popularity of the medium. Mobiles in particular have made a huge breakthrough, with 53% households in the state having mobiles as compared to 6% landline phones.\"Mobiles have taken over landlines across the country due to the convenience they offer in terms of keeping a person connected at all points of time,\" says Achintya Mukherjee of the Bombay Telephone Users Association, adding that landlines come with infrastructural constraints by way of setting up exchanges as well as the high investment cost. Cellphones seem to be gradually bridging the urban-rural divide. Mukherjee says farmers are particularly connected with mobiles both for weather inputs as well as to remain connected with the kisan centres.Televisions, too, are prominent in urban homes with 79% households having TVs as compared to 38% in rural areas. Social commentator Santosh Desai says television made its way into most towns in the '90s, a trend that is now marking a rural pattern. \"Rural penetration has been partly restricted due to the growth levels as well as the lack of electricity.\" Acquisition of communication tools like phones are often considered markers of a transitional society as they put people in touch with the world and benchmark their aspirations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12257114", "title": "Suburban termini to ease pressure off crowded Pune station?", "text": "PUNE: The Pune railway station is bursting at its seams and limited resources, a space crunch and restricted number of platforms offers no scope for expansion.With daily train traffic on the rise, the railway administration said train movement at Pune railway station has reached a critical level.As such, the administration may consider options to reduce the existing train traffic at the station. These include a separate terminal for suburban trains and developing passenger-train termini at Ghorpadi, Hadapsar and Shivajinagar.As many as 150-odd trains including mail, passenger, express trains and 48 suburban trains between Pune and Lonavla arrive and depart. Over one lakh passengers travel from Pune station, of which around 50,000 travel from Pune while the remaining are passing through.Central railway's general manager S K Jain, in two recent visits to Pune, had expressed concern about the increased pressure at the Pune station. Jain had said that the traffic has reached a critical level and various ways are being considered to reduce it.Six platforms were insufficient if new trains were added, he said. \"The situation will not be sustainable in the long run. Therefore, the long-term and short-term solutions are required,\" he had said.He had hinted at changes in the Pune-Lonavla suburban train services. \"It is under consideration to terminate some Pune-Lonavla local trains at Shivajinagar station to reduce burden on Pune station. There is enough space at Shivajinagar station to accommodate the departure and arrival services of suburban locals. This will also help run additional trains between Shivajinagar and Lonavla and decongest Pune station,\" Jain had said.Other measures like a separate terminal for suburban trains near the existing parcel office and developing passenger-train terminus at Ghorpadi and Hadapsar were being given a thought.According to Jain, \"A suburban terminal like Thane station wherein an elevated platform for vehicles like autos and buses can be provided and trains operated under this platform can be considered. Such an arrangement would be compact and help lower congestion within the railway station area. The railway administration is also giving a thought to a separate traffic plan outside Shivajinagar railway station.\"New platforms at the Pune station are impossible. So the administration has taken up work to extend the length of platform number six to accommodate trains with 22 coaches. At present, the platform can hold 18-coach trains. An official said that the administration is upgrading the signal and shunting system to save time and minimize risks.Daily traffic at Pune railway stationTotal trains: Over 150 (including 48 EMU suburban services between Pune and Lonavla)Total passengers: Over 1 lakh (including 50,000 passing passengers and 50,000 travelling from Pune)Total platforms: Six", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12257225", "title": "Doctor ends life after marriage break-up", "text": "MYSORE: Dejected over the break-up of her marriage, a 27-year-old dentist allegedly committed suicide at her parents' house in Mysore on Tuesday.Dr G Shwetha, daughter of Gopinath, a railway employee, slipped into depression after her husband Chandrakanth Chauhan abandoned her in December 2011, seven months after their marriage. When her desperate attempts to contact him failed, she took the drastic step, her parents told police. Shwetha was found hanging from the ceiling fan at their residence in Bannimantap. NR Mohalla police said she has left a death note in which she has accused her husband and mother-in-law Puthu Bai of driving her to suicide.In a complaint to police, Shwetha's father said she was married to Chauhan in April 2011 and at the time of marriage, they had given Rs 5 lakh in dowry.The harmony shattered after Shwetha's in-laws started demanding more money, her father claimed. Their marriage broke down in December when Shwetha was sent back to Mysore from Abu Dhabi where she was living with her husband. Since her return, Shwetha had not been practising on her own. Chauhan, a native of Hassan, works in a private company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12256930", "title": "Bobby clicks winning shots", "text": "Bobby Sharma, who is most often spotted with a Canon EOS 5D to which he attaches various lenses as the shot beckons, can hardly keep his smile to himself these days. A wedding photographer for 10 years, the Dugri-resident knows his job well and has proved that by making his way into the final six entries of couple portraiture category of Kodak - Better Photography, Wedding Photographer of the Year, 2011.Being nominated among the top-six wedding photographers of the country is quite significant because my nomination has come after scrutinizing thousands of other entries in my category. I stand a chance to compete with nominees of five other categories for the grand title in the final leg of this competition, called the final face-off, said Bobby, who has a photo studio. The pictures that have been nominated for the contest were the ones he clicked at Satvir Kaur and Simone Singh of Goraya on November 27, 2011.Photography runs in the family genes. My father Inderpal is a photographer who has a studio in our home town, Malout. My elder brother Ravi Kant is also a photographer and has taught me minute details about taking pictures, said Bobby, who has been clicking for 15 years.He said initially he used to take pictures of nature, travelling to places like McLeodganj, Dalhousie, Chamba, Khajihaar in Himachal Pradesh , Jaisalmer, Udaipur, Pushkar in Rajasthan and Leh and Ladakh in Jammu &amp; Kashmir. I studied up to Class XII and then did a diploma in photography from National Institute of Photography in 2002. About 10 years ago I made a foray into wedding photography, he said.In a year Bobby clicks for between 100 and 150 weddings. I have done wedding photography in Goa, Udaipur, Jaipur, Una, Kasauli, Agra, Chandigarh and almost all major cities of Punjab, he said, adding that photography is his life and he will dedicate himself to this passion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12257348", "title": "North Indians\u2019 meet: BJP leader faces criticism", "text": "SURAT: Leader of the ruling BJP in Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) Dayashanker Singh is facing criticism from within the party for appropriating credit for the successful holding of BJP-sponsored Maha Sammelan of north Indian communities in the city on Sunday, which was attended by chief minister Narendra Modi. Senior party leaders in the city are upset with Singh, a BJP councillor from Dindoli ward, for taking credit for the event, bypassing senior party leaders, including city unit president Purnesh Modi and Navsari MP C R Patil, who it is believed had worked tirelessly to ensure the event was successful.Singh, who is in the eye of a political storm from within the party, went one step ahead by giving advertisement in local newspapers on Tuesday praising the north Indian communities for gathering in large numbers at Nilgiri Grounds in Limbayat and thanking the chief minister for gracing the event.On the very next day after the sammelan was over, Singh had issued an official communique through SMC's public relations department to hail the efforts of north Indian communities in making the event a huge success.Party sources said Singh is not even holding any key post in Uttar Bharatiya Samaj. The entire event was successful only due to the tireless efforts put in by city BJP president and Navsari MP. \"There are advertisements in the newspapers having a picture of Singh with the CM. He did not even consult senior party leaders before taking such a step. It is totally absurd on his part as he is well aware of the fact that who toiled hard to make the event a success,\" a senior party leader said.Sources said Singh is desperate to contest the upcoming assembly election on the party ticket from city. Thus, he is leaving no stone unturned to be in the limelight ahead of the selection process for the polls. When contacted, Singh told TOI, \"It was not a party event. It was organized by Uttar Bharatiya Samaj. I have thanked the entire community on behalf of the samaj.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "12255212", "title": "Ugly scenes in House, members come to blows in Himachal Pradesh", "text": "SHIMLA: Heated arguments and scuffles during question hour marred the assembly proceedings on the third day of its session on Tuesday. The high drama was enough to force speaker Tulsi Ram to adjourn the House for the day.In the action packed day, the BJP MLA from Gagret, Balbir Chowdhary claimed his two fingers were fractured when he was hit by Congress member Mukesh Agnihotri. \"I suspect he has broken my two fingers. I am going to get an X-ray done,\" said Chaudhary before leaving for Deen Dayal Upadhyay hospital to get a medical examination done. Once the fracture was confirmed, both the sides lodged their complaint with the speaker and blamed each other for the fiasco. Congress MLA Kuldeep Singh Pathania claimed that ruling party members had torn the collar of his shirt and its buttons.When the speaker occupied his chair, leader of opposition Vidya Stokes was on her feet, wanting to know the fate of notice given by Congress members for an adjournment motion to discuss the allegations against health minister Rajeev Bindal. She said her party wanted the corruption charges against the minister discussed but the opportunity was not being given. She also alleged that the voice of opposition was being \"throttled\" when leader of the House and parliamentary affairs minister were present. \"Both of them have not only failed to do ensure the smooth functioning of the House but are also conspirators and abettors in this whole drama which the opposition party takes seriously,\" she added.As Stokes was making her point, ruling party members tried to interrupt her and Congress members rushed into the well of the House. The Congress members shouted slogans from the well and the ruling party members also raised counter-slogans, bringing up 2G and 3G issue. Things turned bad when BJP members raised slogans against Sonia Gandhi and the opposition retaliated by shouting slogans against chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal .Pandemonium prevailed in the House as Chaudhary and Congress MLA Rakesh Kalia pounced on each other after exchanging hot words and had to be separated by other members. However, by then BJP MLA Randhir Sharma and Rakesh Kalia had already got into a heated argument.The speaker tried to pacify the members but could not proceed with the question hour as the Congress members continued raising slogans and thumping the table of senior BJP legislator Roop Singh Thakur. Slogans were also raised Congress Agnihotri and BJP MLA Baldev Sharma, who got into a scuffle. Seeing situation worsening, the speaker adjourned the House for the day.Later, the speaker claimed that he had tried his best to diffuse the situation by inviting the leader of opposition, Vidya Stokes, and parliamentary affairs minister Ravinder Ravi to discuss the issue. \"But Vidya Stokes refused to come. Later, we tried to start the (House) proceedings but it was disrupted again,\" he said and added that action against the MLAs involved in the scuffle would be taken only if a complaint is received against them.Such unruly scenes were witnessed inside the assembly 30 years ago. Some members of ruling and opposition parties had entered into such a situation in 1982.Terming it as an unfortunate incident, Dhumal blamed the Congress, saying the party lacks issues and is deprived of effective leadership in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12255868", "title": "Andhra firm roped in for sanitation in city suburbs", "text": "PATNA: Sanitation in parts of Phulwarisharif, Khagaul and Danapur is likely to improve soon with the state urban development department having roped in a Hyderabad-based private sanitation service provider, Ramky Enviro-Engineers Limited, for the purpose.The firm is ready with the required infrastructure and manpower. \"Its services are likely to be inaugurated this week itself by urban development minister Prem Kumar,\" said Neeraj K Singh, the agency's coordinator for Bihar and Jharkhand.Under this JNNURM project of Rs 7.63 crore for seven years, the agency will do daily garbage collection from households and commercial complexes, sweeping of main and internal roads, daily cleaning of small drains and dumping of waste at Bairiya on Patna-Gaya Road.There are around 20,000 households each in Phulwarisharif, Khagaul and Danapur. \"We have provided primary training to 200 sanitation workers and 30 supervisors,\" said Neeraj and added the programme would be inaugurated with awareness programmes at community level and roadshows of equipment.\"We have arranged 178 handcarts and tricycles, 400 commercial bins, 44 wheel barrows, 3 mechanical sweepers, 214 large bins, 3 compactors and 3 back loaders,\" said a senior official of the agency.The agency will work in four wards of Phulwarisharif, eight wards of Khagaul and seven wards of Danapur. In the remaining wards, the respective urban local bodies (ULBs) will be responsible for maintaining sanitation services.As per its contract, the firm has to carry out regular awareness campaigns. \"We will organize weekly awareness programmes in the area under the three ULBs,\" said Neeraj. Incidentally, the agency has been working in Gaya and Bhagalpur for the last two years.Meanwhile, civic service in the main city is also likely to improve soon. PMC is planning to float tender within a week for handing over sanitation services in the city to a private agency, said a senior PMC official. Patna has been witnessing poor sanitary conditions ever since a private agency, A2Z Infrastructure, withdrew its services due to non-payment of its dues by PMC around six months ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12255465", "title": "Kalidas Marg to turn into parking lot on March 15", "text": "LUCKNOW: Come Thursday, and the hallowed Kalidas Marg, which houses the official residence of UP chief minister will wear a different look.The heavy barricades that prohibited 'trespassing' of even senior government officials, not to speak of commoners, when Mayawati was the chief minister, would turn into 1.5 kilometre-long thoroughfare for movement of VIP vehicles on their way to Gate number 2 of La Martiniere College ground, which would host swearing in ceremony of Akhilesh Yadav as UP's new chief minister.In fact, vehicles of senior police, administrative officials, army officers and judges will be allowed to park bang in front of CM's official residence. According to traffic movement plan sketched out by Lucknow police, even media vans will be allowed to move through the road on their way to the swearing in ceremony venue.On Tuesday, the massive barricade, at Rajiv Chowk from where Kalidas Marg begins, was yanked wide open for movement of officials and VIPs visiting the La Martiniere College ground. Security was reduced significantly, even as officials made a beeline to take stock of the preparations. In fact, movement of commoners on the road was also seen.The road had been one of the most talked about after BSP chief Mayawati became UP's CM in 2007. Heavy barricading was done from day one, while security staff kept a hawk eyed vigil on each and every movement of public from a small outpost that cropped up at the entry of Kalidas Marg. Soon, the residence was in for a face lift, reportedly, at the cost of around Rs 3 crore.It was in November 2011, when Mayawati vacated the house to move into 13 Mall Avenue, which also houses Manyavar Kanshiram Sangrahalaya, built a cost of Rs 16 crore. However, 5 Kalidas Marg continued to house the office of Mayawati. With the change of regime, even that has reportedly shut down to pave way for the new CM.Officials said that for the time being the road will be used for VIP movement, at least till the time swearing in ceremony is held. Parallel to Kalidas Marg is the Vikaramaditya Marg where office of Samajwadi Party is situated. The latter got heavily choked following a barrage of vehicles - essentially belonging to SP supporters - that thronged the party office when Akhilesh was elected as leader of the legislature party. Officials maintain that the number of vehicles is likely to swell by over four times on Thursday. But, whether the road will be a thoroughfare for even commoners in the days to come is still a moot question.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "12259139", "title": "Lack of reform may invite another Cultural Revolution: China premier", "text": "BEIJING: Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao today made a strong pitch for political reforms in the Communist ruled country, warning that a failure to carry out structural corrections could unleash the upheaval of another Cultural Revolution.Wen, a known proponent of political reform in the Communist leadership, said in what is his last annual press conference, that speeding up of structural political reform was required to improve the country's governance.The Premier, who is set to step down later this year after a decade in power said reform in China has come to a \"critical stage\" now.\"Without a successful political structural reform it is impossible for us to fully institute economic structural reform and the gains we have made in this area may be lost,\" he said.Speaking with rare frankness, Wen recalled the Cultural Revolution of Mao Zedong that had virtually paralysed the country and called it a \"historical tragedy\".\"After the crackdown on the gang of four (Mao's wife and her supporters in 1976) our party adopted the resolution on several historical matters and took the important decision of conducting reform and opening in China\".\"However the mistake of cultural revolution and impact feudalism yet to be fully eliminated,\" he said.He said a failure to carry forward the promise of reform might invite another such movement.The Cultural Revolution initiated by Mao in the 1960s had sought to purge the governance and the country of capitalist elements, and had caused widespread chaos in the country.Wen, who along with President Hu Jintao is set to retire this year to pave the way for new leadership said he has been speaking about political reforms in the country for some time because he was \"seized by strong sense of responsibility\".\"New problem that have cropped up in China's society will not be fundamentally resolved and such historical tragedy as the Cultural Revolution may happen again,\" he warned.Though he has not elaborated much on what he means by political reforms to improve the one-party system headed by the Communist Party of China (CPC), he said there should be conditions for people to criticise the government policies so that it can correct its policies.He also spoke of gradual election process starting from villages to cities but said more reforms were needed in the leadership of the party and country.\"As economy continues to be developing such new problems like income disparities, lack of credibility and corruption has occurred. I am fully aware to resolve these problems we must press ahead with both economic and political structural reforms in particularly reform in the leadership system of our party and country,\" he said.At the same, he said reforms are not easy in a country of 1.3 billion people, and will not be able to succeed without the \"consciousness, support, enthusiasm and creativity\" of the people.\"... we must in bear in mind China's national circumstances and develop our socialist democracy in a step by step manner,\" he said.The premier said that reform can only go forward because neither status quo nor going back was an option. \"I would like to tell you with a single breath I fully dedicate to advance China's reform and opening up cause\".All members of the party and government officials with a sense of responsibility must fully recognise that further reform is \"an urgent task\" for China, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "tekkali (srikakulam)", "code": "12255907", "title": "Retired chief engineer held in Vamsadhara scandal", "text": "TEKKALI (SRIKAKULAM): A retired chief engineer of irrigation department was arrested by CID officials here on Tuesday in connection with the Vamsadhara project scandal . Funds to the tune of Rs 20 crore were allegedly misappropriated in the purchase of shutters and locks.This was the first arrest after the CID took over the case from the vigilance department. The CID officials found the misuse of funds in the shutters installation works in five divisions - Narasannapet, Tekkali, Hiramandalam, and Amudalavalasa of Vamsadhara project.The CID registered cases against five persons, including two contractors, sources said.The officials found that there was misuse of funds to the tune of Rs 52 crore in the flood bank works, including construction of foot bridges and installation of shutters.Retired CE G Prasada Rao, who was then SE, was called for an inquiry at Tekkali and later arrested. He was produced at the Tekkali court. The CE retired from service three years ago.The charge against the officials was that they colluded with the contractors by not erecting the shutters at the distributaries on the sub-canals of Vamsadhara Left Main Canal. It was also found that they brought less number of shutters and fixed old ones by painting them.Vigilance officials interrogated 69 officials in the irrigation department and found the complicity of 33 of them, who were suspended. Of the 33 officials, two were no more and another three retired.Funds to the tune of Rs 20 crore were allegedly misappropriated in the purchase of shutters and locks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12256319", "title": "Garbage disposal: MC, Huda officers to be prosecuted", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Holding the officials of Haryana Urban Development Authority (Huda) and municipal corporation (MC), Panchkula, responsible for unscientific disposal of garbage in Sector 23, Panchkula, the Haryana Pollution Control Board (HPCB) has accorded sanction to prosecute the executive officer of MC and executive engineer of division-3 of Huda. Both the officers would face prosecution before special environment court, Kurukshetra, for violation of Municipal Solid Waste (Management and Handling) Rules. The information was placed on record, on Tuesday, before the Punjab and Haryana high court by regional officer, HPCB, Sumeet Amrohi through an affidavit.Affidavit also informed that high court directions have been issued to Huda and MC authorities that temporary site in Sector 23 would be properly covered with mud and bacterial solutions, while micronutrients would be sprayed on daily basis in order to minimize the odor problem.HPCB also stated that Huda has plans to set up a garbage disposal plant in Jhuriwala village near Panchkula. A portion of the site would be utilized for scientific temporary dumping of sold waste in a way that it does not affect the layout of the main project.The affidavit was filed in the wake of a public interest litigation (PIL) filed by some organizations against the dumping of garbage in the area. The PIL, filed by residents welfare association of Sector 23, who have been seeking directions for shifting the site for municipal solid waste from the area.At present, entire Panchkula's garbage is dumped in Sector 23 and the neighbouring areas of the sector are suffering because of foul smell emanating from the site. When the matter had come up for hearing on February 28, HPCB had stated that neither Huda nor MC had taken appropriate measures to handle the issue and therefore notices had been issued to both.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12256040", "title": "Myanmar refugees find refuge in city", "text": "HYDERABAD: As many as 150 Myanmar nationals have silently made Hyderabad their home over the last four years. Unable to bear the brutal repression in their country, these marginalized Muslims had no choice but to head for a dangerous week-long journey through the mountains that involved crossing the Bangladesh border to reach India for asylum. While they were exploited and even denied citizenship in their own country, here in Hyderabad their identity remains hidden.There are 500-odd official refugees living in Hyderabad from across the world but surprisingly, those from Myanmar do not figure in this list. The United Nations High Commission for Refugees (UNHCR) has not recognized even a single Myanmar national living in Hyderabad as a refugee so far. While just about 25 of them have been given \"asylum seeker\" cards, the rest are non-existent in records.The displaced nationals who have been trying to get the legal sanctions in vain have been subjected to extortion and harassment because they lack the formal legal status. Currently, three nationals are facing legal action having been charged under the Foreigner's Act because they did not have any legal papers. Sources said that the police picked them up while they were walking on the roads \"in a suspicious manner.\" While court cases are pending against them in Nampally court and Rajendranagar court, the Myanmar nationals are out on bail.In Hyderabad, they are concentrated in the Baba Nagar and Kishanbagh areas of the Old City. A Baba Nagar resident Musta Fizurama, 22, who is working as a construction worker says that living in an alien country has its perils. Fizurama, recognized as an asylum seeker by UNHCR says that his movements are hugely restricted. \"I prefer not to move around in the city. This is not our village and country. I go to work and come back home,\" he says.He is living in a room that accommodates his bare necessities comprising a few rugs, a couple of bags and a stove with some utensils in a corner. A bulb hangs from a wire in a corner that is supposed to be used only after dusk. The four-room house sans a white wash where Fizurama lives is being shared by four families from the same country.Mohammed Alam, 34, another asylum seeker and a security guard, shares that getting accommodation is their biggest concern. Few days ago, when Alam was not at home, a local family with whom he was sharing a house beat up his wife and threw her out along with their three children. \"She is not eating since then. She was slapped hard and kicked by a male member of the family. We want to file a police complaint but we are not sure if the police will help us because we are not from here,\" says a distraught Alam who has temporarily moved to his sister's house and is desperately searching for a room. He rues that if an owner gets a better offer, he evicts tenants like him anytime. Alam who came here in May 2011 has changed six houses so far.Talking about their home country, Fatema Begum, 20, another Myanmar national says that sexual harassment is rampant in their nation. \"Women can't walk alone and if they do, they are picked up by the military and raped,\" she said. \"We cannot use a loudspeaker in the mosque for azaan (prayer call). If we want to marry, we have to pay the government money worth Rs 40,000 in Indian currency. The government did not even give us citizenship,\" said another member insisting that only the Muslim population was targeted. While they are facing some problems here, Alam said that this is nothing compared to the kind of atrocities they were exposed to in their country. \"Hyderabad is like jannat (paradise). Life in Myanmar was akin to hell. We could not even sit in a group and talk,\" he said.They said that every other day refugees are coming here because Hyderabad is fast becoming a sought after destination. While most of them were living in the border areas in the north-east like Mizoram initially, they later spread to Jammu, UP, Delhi and Hyderabad. Of late, people living in UP are moving to Hyderabad because of employment opportunities and good income. \"If a construction worker gets Rs 150 a day in UP, he is getting double the money here,\" said Hameeda, 20, whose husband is a daily wage worker. The family of four shifted from UP about a month back.Sources at the Confederation of Voluntary Associations (Cova), the implementation partner of UNHCR in Hyderabad, said that negotiations on the issue are going on between the government of India and UNHCR.Of the total 500-odd refugees in Hyderabad, 90 per cent are from Somalia while the rest 10 per cent are from Erithria, Sudan, Ethopia, Iran , Iraq, Palestine and Myanmar. Refugees from Myanmar started coming about four years back.While the Myanmar nationals claim that there are an estimated 150 living in Hyderabad, sources said it is difficult to find accurate numbers as the refugees hide their identity for fear of harassment, arrest or deportation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12256988", "title": "DAVV seeks extension to utilize unspent funds", "text": "INDORE: If all goes well then Devi Ahilya Vishwavidhyalaya (DAVV) may get one year extension to utilize the unspent fund sanctioned under University Grants Commission (UGC) XI five-year plan. The varsity is to send a proposal next week requesting the UGC to extend the period so that grants allocated for various development works do not go lapse.Out of the unspent money amounting to Rs 6 crore, nearly Rs 2.5 crore will be a bone of contention for the DAVV authorities that may remain unspent by the end of this fiscal. The vice-chancellor is expected to get the approval of the executive council members for utilizing Rs 2.5 crore for purchasing equipment and carrying out the construction works of a day care centre.\"We have utilized a large amount of unspent sanctioned amount but we are going to send a proposal to the commission next week seeking extension of one year to utilize nearly Rs 2.5 crore,\" said Dr Rajkamal, vice-chancellor, DAVV.According to sources, the university may get extension period to utilize the amount as in the previous years, the UGC granted additional time to utilize the funds. However, if the UGC does not accept the request, then the varsity might face penalty of 10% of simple interest on the unspent grant, sources said.DAVV in any situation will require time extension to purchase equipment worth Rs 1.5 crore and approval of construction of the day care centre costing about Rs 54 lakh and Rs 50 lakh for development of facilities for women. Only the executive council can give a consent for the project amounting over Rs 2 lakh. The meeting is scheduled to be held on March 24 and it will be difficult for the varsity to spend the amount by the end of this month.\"We will require six months time for purchase of equipment and one year for construction of the day care centre to spend the amount,\" said Dr Rajkamal.The UGC had sanctioned Rs 15.95 crore for the varsity under XI Development Plan, which was almost five times the amount sanctioned under X Plan. Undoubtedly, if the grants were utilized before the deadline, the varsity could have developed the infrastructure benefitting students. But, due to the alleged lackadaisical attitude of DAVV officials, nothing much could be done during the long five years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12259522", "title": "'There was a bit of Robin Hood in him'", "text": "The city has lost a mentor for many writers, journalists and filmmakers with the passing away of Udayan PatelIt was sometime in the early 80s. On a lark a friend of mine and I jumped on to a rickety bus to Mathura. We had heard that Kumar Shahani was making a feature film on Wilfred Bion, a British psychoanalyst who had spent the first eight years of his life in India. The major attraction: the late actor Nigel Hawthorne (then famous for the popular Yes, Prime Minister Series) was in it. For me this impulsive jaunt was a turning point of sorts in my career as a journalist. This is where I first met Udayan Patel: the brilliant and wellregarded psycho-therapist was co-producing the film.Udayan changed my approach to journalism , and to telling a story. Soon, I began to consult him for almost every major story. He showed me how to look beyond the obvious and the smugly presumed - whether I was writing about politics, cinema, sexuality or societal behaviour. I bring this up because I am just one of the many journalists Udayan goaded towards new ways of seeing. He urged us to put our ears to the ground and hear the rumblings below: to discover what was shaking the very foundations of our society. He was the invisible, and largely unsung, mentor for writers, filmmakers, artists, scholars, industrialists. Modest to a fault, he never sought any recognition for his ideas, quotes or contributions. Nor did he talk about himself. It was only a couple of decades after I met him that I discovered that his parents, both of them Gandhians, met in jail.There was something of a Robin Hood about him. No, he didn't rob the rich to help the poor. But he certainly tried, and often succeeded, in putting in touch those who needed help with those who could provide it. During the last few years his practice was doing rather well. Clients with deep pockets made their way to his airy Worli office overlooking the Arabian Sea. His consultation fees had gone up, like everything else. However, for those who did not have money he charged a nominal fee - or in some cases nothing at all. I am sure many of them now feel orphaned.It is hard to believe that somebody with such a lust for life has gone. The same passion went into his engagement with cinema and books as it did for cricket, art, architecture, Elvis Presley and travel. Even furniture. He was a foodie par excellence. Intoxicating aromas from all sorts of geographies drifted from the kitchen in the Patel flat on Warden Road. Udayan was a Merlin in the kitchen. When not cooking or instructing his cook Ashok, he would talk about the recipe for his \"special\" orange mutton or a Kerala fish curry with the same intensity he would discuss a Federico Fellini or Ritwik Ghatak film. For me my short sprints to Mumbai are indelibly marked by the countless meals shared with his wife Anuradha, daughter Shaibiya and him.Udayan loved to entertain and was a generous host. But one thing he could not do was dissimulate. When confronted with those who pontificated with supreme confidence about subjects he thought they knew nothing about he could be unequivocally blunt: he came down like a ton of bricks. Few could take on that resonant voice of his when he was in an argumentative mood.Lately, his ill-health had muted some of the boom in his voice. He had also become frailer. But it did not make the slightest dent in his will to defeat the devastating illness that had him under siege: he braved his way through nearly half a dozen bypasses, stem cell therapy and other mishaps like cerebral malaria.Udayan has gone. But he has left behind a treasure trove of unfinished work: brilliant footage of the Bion film, his interviews with Partition victims, his work on mental world of diabetics and their families. Somebody should pick up the baton.mirrorfeedback@indiatimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12257248", "title": "Help for regular travellers: Solar mobile phone charger", "text": "CHENNAI: Those of us who worry about mobile phones draining out of charge while travelling may have a solution - solar mobile rechargers that use sunlight instead of electricity. Among the innovations on display at 'Renergy', a two day international conference and expo on renewable energy inaugurated on Monday, the most attractive was the solar mobile charger.\"It has a battery to store power and a small solar cell. It generates power from sunlight and charges the battery,\" said T Sriraman, managing director of Soltech Equipment that specializes in products running on solar power.Auser just has to hook the phone to it and it gets charged in a matter of time. \"It doesn't require direct sunlight. There is electrical charging, too, to help on rainy days when there is no light,\" said Srinivasan.The company also has solar-powered laptop rechargers \"to help people who travel alot and can be used even during power cuts. In trains, not all compartments have chargers. So people can use these to charge mobile phones or laptops. There are multiple pins available for different types of phones,\" said Srinivasan.A proposal suggesting that solar panels be installed atop train coaches has been submitted to the railways and is expected to be taken up in the coming budget. \"Airconditioning and other electrical equipment can run using the power generated. They do not have to rely on grid,\" he said.A proposal is likely to be sent to banks asking for solar panels to be set up in district branches. \"The outages last long in small towns and they cannot run computers. The ATMs also do not work and people cannot withdraw money. If power is generated from solar panels, they can function normally,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12256661", "title": "Rain lashes city after midnight, slight dip in day temperature", "text": "NEW DELHI: A western disturbance active over the western Himalayan region brought heavy rain over Delhi around 1am on Tuesday. A massive thunderstorm - lasting about an hour - accompanied the rain. While many complained of a chilly Wednesday morning, the minimum temperature went up by almost five degrees since Monday to settle at 14.8 degrees Celsius. Around 6.2 mm rainfall was recorded over Safdarjung.Met officials said that large parts of northwest India experienced similar weather with many parts of Jammu &amp; Kashmir, Himachal Pradesh, Punjab, Haryana and Uttar Pradesh receiving rain. In Delhi, the northern Ridge saw the most rainfall with 13.5mm recorded till 8.30am. At Pusa, 12mm of rainfall was recorded. Other major wet areas were Palam with 8.3mm rainfall and Lodhi Road with 6.4mm rainfall.\"A series of western disturbances has been causing weather disruptions over northwest India. Initially, the presence of one over the western Himalayas in the first week of March saw temperatures rise over northwest and central India. When it started moving away around March 7, there was a sharp decline in temperatures. At present, another disturbance is active over Jammu &amp; Kashmir. It will bring rain and snow to Jammu &amp; Kashmir and HP but activity will reduce in another day. Delhi is not likely to receive more rain immediately,\" said a Met official.He added that once the sky will clear, the minimum temperature will fall slightly but the days should be warmer. Another disturbance is expected to affect the region from March 16. The maximum temperature in the city came down slightly under the impact of a cloudy sky. From Monday's 30.2 degrees, the maximum came down to 27.2 degrees Celsius, one degree below normal. \"The maximum temperature should be a little higher in the next couple of days,\" said Met officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12256935", "title": "Rail Budget: Railway Protection Force wants tougher laws, higher fines", "text": "Commuters may be expecting better amenities on the eve of the Union Railway Budget, but on the Railway Protection Force's (RPF) wishlist is tougher penal action for offences involving railway property and passenger areas. Senior RPF officials said fines prescribed under the Railways Act 1989 for serious cases such as rooftop travel or males travelling in ladies compartments are very low and are not an effective deterrent.Women's security has been a topic of concern for the railways. Over 13,000 cases of males entering ladies compartments and illegal travel in coaches for the handicapped were recorded by the Central Railway's RPF last year-a 75% rise from 2010. There was a rash of cases of women being attacked or robbed on trains lodged by the Government Railway Police (GRP), the most recent being in Bhayander, where teenager Shweta Jadhwani was assaulted. But punishment prescribed under the Railways Act is a mere Rs 500 fine and removal of the offender from the coach in both cases.The railways have been carrying out campaigns against rooftop and footboard travel but commuters continue to put their lives in danger. Over 4,000 cases were recorded on the Central line last year. The penalty prescribed under the Railways Act is a Rs 500 fine, or a three-month jail term, or both. Using abusive language, indecency or being caught drunk on railway premises attracts a Rs 500 fine and a jail term of six months.\"The Union Government recently approved changes in the Motor Vehicles Act 1988 to increase fines for traffic offences. If traffic rules can be amended and penalties hiked nearly five times, what prevents planners from making similar changes for the railways?\" said a top official.Every offender has to pay the fine in court and it goes to the state treasury. The RPF can only grant bail. If the bail is more than the fine levied, the balance is refunded by court. \"Fining the accused on the spot for petty offences will be a better provision than sending them to court. Railway offenders are not hardened criminals too,\" said an official.Commuter welfare associations cautioned that it should not give rise to corruption among RPF personnel.Punishment under Railways ActSection 156 (rooftop or footboard travel): A three-month jail term, or 500 fine, or both and removal of offender from railway coachSection 162 (males caught travelling in ladies compartments): 500 fine, removal of offender from coach and forfeiture of pass/ticketSection 145 (drunkenness or nuisance): 500 fine and sixmonth jail term, forfeiture of pass/ticket and removal from coach. Such punishment will not be less than a fine of 100 when convicted for first time, a fine of 250 and one-month jail term when convicted for second offenceSection 155 (unauthorizedly occupying berth/seat reserved for handicapped): 500 fine and removal of offender from coachFull Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12256326", "title": "Double whammy: New tariff with more surcharge", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three power distribution companies in Delhi want consumers to pay for their accumulated gaps for the last four years in the new tariff.The discoms - BSES Rajdhani, BSES Yamuna and Tata Delhi Power - have proposed in their public notices for levying a revenue gap recovery surcharge wherein the surcharge amount should be over and above the new tariff fixed by Delhi Electricity Regulatory Commission (DERC) for financial year 2012-13 . The discoms have not specified any time period for which they want the surcharge to levied in electricity bills but have made it clear they need all past dues to be recovered at the earliest to avoid further burden of carrying cost (interest) to consumers. The stakeholders have to reply to the public notices by March 31 to DERC, following which a public hearing will be held.While asking for a consumer tariff hike of 19.7% for financial year 2012-13 , Tata Delhi Power has said the revenue gap recovery surcharge is proposed to help recover past arrears, which had accumulated to the tune of Rs 2,200 crore, which will not be part of tariff but a separate item in electricity bills. \"The surcharge is proposed as a separate item in electricity bills applicable till the recovery gap with carrying cost is got back or an alternate plan worked out,'' said Tata Delhi Power officials.BSES Rajdhani, meanwhile, has asked for 19.8% tariff hike with immediate effect and also specified that the recovery of revenue gap till March 31, 2012 should be a minimum 15% recovery of the outstanding of the principal amount in a year and the carrying cost on the balance unrecovered principal amount. The tariff hike sought by BSES Yamuna is 27.8% and the recovery methodology for past arrears is similar to that of BSES Rajdhani.Experts said that whether the amount was through surcharge or directly tariff, it would be consumers in Delhi, who would end up paying for past dues to the companies . North Delhi power distribution company - Tata Power Delhi - has also proposed to levy a new \"reliability charge\" on commercial and industrial consumers, who use more than 600 units in a month. According to the average revenue requirement (ARR) petition filed by the discom, the extra charge is in return for better services and augmented supply following which these consumers are no longer required to arrange power through expensive alternates like diesel gensets, which had earlier been the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12255472", "title": "No help in sight for cold storage collapse victims", "text": "NAGPUR: District collector Saurabh Rao, who met the families of victims of Kalamna cold storage collapse on Tuesday, assured them of government relief but could not say when help will reach and how much it would be.After a one-and-half month wait, the families met Rao with some social workers but went back with mere promises. There was a ray of hope when Rao said he was personally taking interest and was concerned about the plight of the families. Rao assured that the relief would be given to families whose documents and successors were ready. \"In cases where there are disputes, we may wait until the issues are resolved,\" he said.Eighteen persons were killed while 14 others injured when the five-storeyed cold storage-cum-warehouse collapsed on January 30 at Chikhli layout. The kin of the victims have since been running from pillar to post for arranging documents and preparing claims. Many of them are poor and are struggling to make ends meet. Some are living on loans. The families of the injured are facing tough time paying for treatment. Some families lost their bread-earners and their is question mark on future of their children.At ne time, Rao lost his cool while talking to social worker Seema Dhomne ending up having a heated discussion with her. Dhomne, who had helped assemble victims' families for the meeting, attracted wrath of the district collector when she underlined the urgency of help needed. \"The families are not well-off and most of them lost their earning members. We cannot allow the families to survive on loans,\" she said.District administration sources said co-ordination with the chief minister's office for the sanction of the relief fund was underway and four proposals have been sent. The victims' kin later also visited divisional commission Gopala Reddy. Rupesh Wanker, kin of victim Raju Fating, said that the divisional commissioner has assured help within one week.\"We are contemplating taking the case to labour court for compensation,\" said Wanker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12258697", "title": "World class station still a mirage", "text": "MANGALORE: When budgetary announcements and proposals for the region are considered, Mangalore has been lucky as most of them have been implemented. However, insofar as the aspirations, the budgets have not addressed them adequately.The announcements in last year's budget regarding introduction and extension of trains, they have already been done like the weekly Mangalore Central - Santragachi Super Fast Vivek Express (which also connects Tirupati); Mangalore - Palakkad Intercity Express (22609); Mangalore-Mumbai CSTM from tri-weekly service to daily and extension of tri-weekly Yesvantpur-Mangalore (16516) day train to Karwar.But one major announcement has gone amiss - developing the Mangalore Central Railway Station to a world class station. Southern Railways officials have recently initiated the process, three years after the announcement made by then Union railway minister Mamata Banerjee .Paschima Karavali Railway Abhivruddhi Samithi member Anil Hegde says that the local demands like bifurcation of the Yesvantpur-Mangalore (16518) night train to Karwar and Kannur has not been given any priority and was extended only up to Kannur. \"\"The South Western Railways had sent proposal of bifurcating the train; 10 coaches to Karwar and seven to Kannur, but has not been taken up. We wanted a train to Bijapur via Hubli-Gadag, Dharwad, Londa, Madgoan, Karwar and Udupi which would link the region to North Karnataka - that too has not been taken up,'' he said.Regarding the Mangalore Central - Santragachi Super Fast Vivek Express, he said the train would have been more beneficial to the region if it was via Madgoan, Londa Thorangallu and Vizag to Palakkad.The one major announcement done when Lalu Prasad was railway minister about a direct train to Shravanabelagola from Mangalore in 2004 has not materialized as yet, due to land acquisition problems.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12257266", "title": "Realty sector wants government to promote affordability", "text": "PUNE: Real estate businesses are looking forward to the forthcoming Union Budget 2012 in the expectation that it will contain some pragmatic provisions that will lower effective price barriers for home-seekers.Real estate developers say the city continues to face problems including high lending rates and construction costs, insufficient infrastructure and lack of affordable housing. Broader incentives for development of affordable housing are needed, to encourage more developers to become active in this important sector and increase the supply of budget homes in the city, the developers said.Anil Pharande, vice-president of Credai (Confederation of Real Estate Developers Associations of India) Pune Metro said that on a macro level, a higher allocation of infrastructure funds for housing can be a favourable approach. \"The government can set clear guidelines on timely commencement and completion of projects and link disbursement of these funds with adherence to these guidelines,\" he said.Pharande said removal of the 10 per cent service tax on residential real estate construction, which increases the cost of new homes by as much as 3 per cent, is critical for a cost-sensitive market like Pune, which has a sizeable lower mid-income segment.The 1 per cent interest rate subsidy on home loans can also work as a good measure to bring affordability, Pharande said, adding that the present eligibility limit of loan amount of Rs 20 lakh should be raised to Rs 30 lakh. Such a step will help people think about buying apartments of decent sizes, Pharande argued. Reducing taxes such as excise, VAT and stamp duty on real estate will also make home purchase attractive, he added.Also important would be reducing tax burden on rental income, to put a downward pressure on rents which are currently very high, Pharande said. He also said the Reseerve Bank's restrictions on project finance available to developers is adding to housing cost as developers have to borrow from expensive private sources.According to Rohit Gera, managing director of Gera Development, the data about Pune's residential real estate sector indicates that there is no scope for any reduction in prices. \"The real question is the customers' ability to afford the increased prices. The fact that homes are needed is not the question - the real question is whether the aspirations of home-buyers can be met on the basis of affordability,\" Gera said. Given the direction of inflation, indications from the RBI that interest rates will soften, the current cost structure for developers and most importantly, the overall stock position and price movement in 2011, Pune will see a price rise of 15 to 18 per cent during 2012, Gera said.Sanjay Bajaj, managing director for Pune at the real estate advisory firm Jones Lang LaSalle India, said Pune's property market has been displaying remarkably resilient investment fundamentals. Due to the steady demand, the expected rate reduction in residential real estate has not materialized; in fact, there have been selective increases in many well-located and configured projects by branded developers.Echoing Pharande, Bajaj said the 1 per cent interest rate subsidy which was provided for loans on affordable housing last year should be expanded to include a wider price band of budget housing. \"We also suggest that more funds be allocated to infrastructure formation, which would help unlock the inherent value of the property markets in Pune's peripheral areas,\" he said.\"The highest demand for Pune residential real estate comes from its significantly large corpus of low-to-mid income buyers. As such, this market is extremely sensitized to price and interest rate fluctuations that would not have as much of an impact in larger metros,\" Bajaj said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12255338", "title": "Industry bodies urge for increased police vigilance", "text": "NASHIK: With an aim to control petty thefts in Satpur and Ambad areas of Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation ( MIDC), the industry bodies in the city have urged the police commissioner Kulwant Kumar Sarangal to increase night patrolling and set up separate police stations in the Satpur and Ambad industrial areas.A delegation of industry bodies in Nashik, including president of Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (NIMA) Dhananjay Bele, president of Ambad Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (AIMA) Dnyaneshar Gopale and president of Nashik Engineering Cluster, Vikram Sarda, recently met the police chief to hold talks over rising thefts and encroachments in industrial areas. They presented a memorandum of demands seeking increase in night patrolling and setting up of separate police stations in both Ambad and Satpur industrial estates.The memorandum included requests for increased police patrolling, CCTV camera installation and monthly meeting between industrial bodies and the police. \"The industrial areas come under the jurisdiction of the Satpur and Ambad police. There are no separate police stations for civic areas and industrial estates. Hence, enough attention is not paid by police at industrial estates. It is necessary to set up separate police stations in Satpur and Ambad industrial areas . Cases of petty thefts are on the rise. Police patrolling must also therefore be increased at night. Initiative should also be taken to install CCTV cameras. Unauthorized worker unions are threatening industrialists and also forcibly taking donations from them. This matter needs looking into as well. A monthly meeting between police officials and office-bearers of industrial associations should be held to maintain the law and order situation in industrial areas,\" the memorandum presented to the police chief stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "12256061", "title": "Sambalpur ZP president tops 'women raj' in district", "text": "SAMBALPUR: Sobhagini Nayak of the BJD was elected the president of the Sambalpur zilla parishad on Tuesday. The post was reserved for a scheduled caste woman.After the district collector and municipality chairperson, Sobhagini became the third woman to hold a top administrative position in the district, prompting locals to term it as the beginning of \"women raj\" in Sambalpur.Sobhagini, who hails from Rairakhol block, is the first woman president of Sambalpur zilla parishad. \"I am happy to be chosen for the post. I will work for overall development of Sambalpur district, especially the remote pockets,\" she said soon after being declared the president.In the 19-member zilla parishad, BJD is the single largest party with 10 members. Congress is second with eight members and the BJP has one representatives. \"I am happy that the BJD has laid siege on the zilla parishad,\" BJD district president Rohit Pujari said.Reena Trivedi became the first woman chairperson of Sambalpur municipality when she was elected in 2009. Being a lawyer, she received overwhelming support from all quarters. \"I am happy to welcome another woman in a key post in the district. I hope she will do her best for the betterment of the district.\" Trivedi said.Sambalpur collector Mrinalini Darswal also welcomed the new president. \"I congratulate her for the victory, and believe she will work for the development of the district,\" she said.Apart from them, women also hold key positions in the notified area councils (NACs) of Burla and Hirakud. While Chandrabati Nayak of BJD heads the Burla NAC, Kalyani Bag of BJP heads the Hirakud NAC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12256679", "title": "Ex-minister's OSD held in assets case", "text": "RANCHI: The CBI on Tuesday arrested Uma Shankar Malvia, the officer-on-special-duty of former state health minister Bhanu Pratap Sahi, from Burdwan Compound area of the city.Special CBI judge N N Singh had issued a warrant against Malvia last year after the investigating agency filed a chargesheet in the disproportionate asset case. The minister along with Malvia and five others are accused of misusing government office to make wealth of around Rs 7 crore.The minister is accused of misusing his office in 2006-08 and misappropriated around Rs 130 crore of National Rural Health Mission.Senior SP of the CBI R C Chaudhary confirmed the arrest of Malvia in the disproportionate asset case. \"He was produced before the special CBI court which had sent him to judicial custody till March 16,\" said the SSP.In another incident, police recovered two unidentified bodies including that of a young woman from Bhusur in Namkum. The victims were in their early 20s and there was deep wound on their necks.Additional SP Indrajeet Mahata said police had registered a case of unnatural death and sent the bodies for postmortem. \"Unless we are able to establish the identity of the man and the woman, it will be difficult for us to say anything,\" said the ASP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12256765", "title": "Agitations drain Railway coffers of Rs150cr", "text": "NEW DELHI: Agitations that stalled railway services in the past five years cost the exchequer losses worth crores. An RTI reply from the four railway zones of north and west India has revealed that an astounding 4,487 trains - both passenger and goods - were cancelled between 2007 and 2011. Another 2,651 trains had to be diverted. All the cancellations were due to agitations by two groups - the Jats and Gujjars - the RTI reply has disclosed. According to railway sources, the loss is estimated to be above Rs 150 crore.And as railways compensate only victims of accidents, not a single penny was returned to either the passengers or the transporters who lost both time and money due to the delays and cancellations. The RTI query was filed by advocate Ravinder Raj, a resident of Rani Bagh, after the recent Jat agitation in Hisar (Haryana) affected train schedules for close to two weeks. \"In my query, I had asked the railway board several other questions such as the punitive and remedial measures taken by them in the light of Supreme Court orders that deprecated such agitations. But the board chose not to reply to these questions,'' he said.The RTI reply (a copy of which is with TOI) has revealed that the Northern Railway alone has cancelled 1,678 trains in these five years while another 498 trains were diverted. Among these, a total of 579 trains had to be cancelled due to the Gujjar agitation in 2008 alone. The worst hit was the West Central zone. While 919 trains got cancelled in 2008, a total of 452 trains had to be cancelled in 2011.The RTI reply has also stated that as per policy, the compensation is paid by the railways only to the victims of train accidents and other untoward incidents as defined in Section 124 and 124A of the Railways Act. It also said the zonal railways have been issuing public awareness display advertisements on Rail Roko agitations, advising public not to resort to such protests. The railway board yet again put the onus on curbing such protests on the state police forces. It said that zonal railways co-ordinate with Government Railway Police and that \"law and order is a state subject\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12254946", "title": "State targets 4% increase in industrial growth", "text": "MUMBAI: Against the backdrop of concerns about an exacerbating decline of industrial prowess, the state is targeting an increase in its growth rate in the sector by 4% over the next five years, making Maharashtra among the top five industrialized states.The state industries department on Tuesday gave finishing touches to its new industrial policy before it is tabled in the cabinet, aiming to increase industrial growth to around 15% from the current rate of 11%. K Shivaji, principal secretary, industries, said the state has managed a satisfactory growth so far, but the challenge now is to increase and sustain it over the next five years. \"Other developed states such as Gujarat, Karnataka and Tamil Nadu have only two to three industrial hubs or belts but we have at least a dozen. We just need to leverage them better, at the same time ensuring a regional balance,\" he said.Among the features of the new policy is increasing industrial production to 36% from the existing 21% and ensuring that industries account for a larger portion of the state GDP. The policy recommends doubling the industrial FSI from the existing 1, amnesty scheme by ways of concessions on loan repayment for sick units and incentives for small and medium-scale enterprises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12255839", "title": "Meet discusses human trafficking, child abuse", "text": "PUNE: The need to sensitise junior and senior-level cops on procedures related to human trafficking and prostitution, the significance of the Child Welfare Committee in handling matters like child sexual abuse, and the necessary counselling required to resolve such cases were some of the issues discussed by experts at the ongoing state-level conference for members of the Women's Vigilance Committee (WVC) at the Centre for Police Research.Explaining the nature of human trafficking and flesh trade happening in and around Pune, Bhanupratap Barge, senior police inspector, Social Security Cell, voiced the need to sensitise police officers on these matters.\"For the last three months, efforts have been on to sensitise constables and senior police officers regarding problems of women and children, because these are not the kind of crime cases handled on a regular basis by police stations. The officers at the chowkey and station level don't know the legal procedures involved in registering such cases. We are also involving NGOs in this process so that we can help the victims. We have begun with some crime branch officers and gradually, we will include constables and officers from every police station and other branches of the city police as well,\" he said.Police commissioner Meeran Chadha Borwankar urged the members of the WVC present to understand the role of the Child Welfare Committee. \"In case of confusion about legalities pertaining to child sexual abuse and human trafficking, please write down the details of such cases you come across to guide legal advisors on such cases. The committee members also need to know the role of the Child Welfare Committee. For this, we will organise sessions on this in our study circles at every police station in the coming month,\" she said.Consulting homoeopath Radhika Rawat, who also works with the Muskaan, an NGO that works towards counselling sexually abused children, mentioned cellphones and the internet as mediums that have added to the problem of sexual abuse.\"Schoolchildren get swayed by porn on mobiles and blue films shown clandestinely at net cafes, particularly in and around slums. This influences them to behave in unhealthy ways with their female peers. Such kids are pressured by their bullying seniors into doing sexual acts shown in the films,\" she said.Hence, timely professional counselling is necessary. \"We have to work with children as well as their parents. Child sexual abuse is highly stigmatised issue in our society. Our society is not yet ready to get sex education. A bill, which is still pending in the parliament, demands a separate legislation for crimes against children. Guilt, especially that of abused teenaged boys and girls, is an issue that needs counselling; they deserve parental support. If these children are not counselled, they get into addictions, become abusive and indulge in delinquent behaviour,\" added Rawat.Shubhangi Kajale, programme officer of the anti-human trafficking coordination unit, Commissionerate of Women and Child Development, Maharashtra, explained the legal provisions and legislations to handle such cases. \"The issue of female victims of immoral trafficking is a new topic to the members of the Women's Vigilance Committee. Provisions of the Immoral Traffic (Prevention) Act and Juvenile Justice Act and the role of the CWC need to be explained. The CWC has three sittings in Pune every week,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12256929", "title": "IDA may present budget today, all eyes on scheme No. 171", "text": "INDORE: With the Indore Development Authority (IDA) is expected to present a budget of Rs 500 crore for the fiscal 2012-13 at its board meeting here on Wednesday, the entire attention is on the expert committee report on scheme number 171 in which about 5,000 members of 11 housing societies are the beneficiaries.The IDA budget may focus on completing the on-going projects and it is assumed that no new project will be included in the budget.Apart from the budget, board will also take up issues related to scheme numbers 175 and 171. Officials told TOI that around 500 objections have come up for the scheme number 175 that has proposed to develop a transport hub. The board will try to take up all the objections for hearing in a day.Meanwhile, all eyes will be on expert committee report on scheme number 171. Recently, the IDA had decided to give plots to the members of housing societies coming under the scheme. Members are waiting to get the land for several years. The scheme number 171 was announced after the lapse of scheme number 131.Land of around 11 housing societies comes under the scheme and about 5,000 members of these societies objected to the move.Sources said that out of 11 housing societies, five societies namely Saikrupa Nagar, Baba Parid Nagar, Radhika Palace, Haji Colony and Pushpa Vihar can be excluded from the scheme on the recommendation of the committee. The committee has recommended to exclude these five societies from scheme number 171 as their maps are sanctioned by the town &amp; country planning of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12255767", "title": "State govt releases Rs 65cr for construction of police buildings", "text": "PATNA: State cabinet on Tuesday released Rs 65 crore for construction of police station buildings and residential quarters for policemen. A sum of Rs 30 crore was sanctioned for land acquisition for Police Lines in Madhepura.The cabinet also gave its nod to the construction of four-storey building of police HQ on Bailey Road. It will house an auditorium as well as police offices.Now compensation for damages to crops or houses and loss of human life due to wild animals will be given on the basis of the report of the circle officer alone. Earlier, such compensation was paid on the basis of reports from the circle officer and the divisional forest officer.The cabinet also released Rs 13 crore each for construction of six residential schools for Tharus. It also released Rs 1.5 crore as the state's share in the central government-sponsored Valmiki Tiger Projet. It okayed the proposal to purchase of 215 new vehicles for circle officers. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12256792", "title": "Delhi cop found dead at residence", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Delhi police constable was found dead under mysterious circumstances at his residence in Ghaziabad. The man has been identified as Satender. The incident was discovered around 3am on Tuesday. SSP (Ghaziabad) Raghubir Lal said it seemed to be a case of suicide. \"He shot himself with his service revolver. He was estranged from his wife,'' he said.However, cops who have worked with him said this was unlikely. Cops are awaiting the postmortem report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "12256750", "title": "Jharkhand olympic association to go all out for Champia", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: With the four-stage Archery World Cup beginning next month ahead of the London Olympics, the Jharkhand Olympic Association (JOA) is keen to see Mangal Singh Champia, the local boy, make it to the Indian squad.Archery experts and JOA are pinning hopes on Champia, who had participated in the 2008 Beijing Olympics, and are keen to pull out all stops to ensure better equipment and training to the potential medal winner. \"I will take up the matter with IAA (Indian Archery Association) and IOA (Indian Olympic Association) on a personal level so that Champia doesn't fall short on equipment and training,\" said SM Hashmi, secretary general of JOA.Champia, an Indian railway employee, is currently undergoing training at the Sports Authority of India ( SAI)'s special training camp in Kolkata. According to the Jharkhand Archery Association (JAA), Champia's performance in the three-stage World Cup, beginning April 10, will be crucial for his ticket to London. \"Particularly the third stage of the World Cup (scheduled for June 17-23 in Ogden, USA) is crucial for the Indian team. For Champia, it can be make or break,\" said a JAA coach.Some JAA officials feel as Champia is a railway employee, the Railway Sports Promotion Board (RSPB) should take care of his preparations. According to JAA sources, additional equipment and gadgets such as devices for video analysis of shooting, bows with full accessories and arrows with tungsten points are an issue with the London probables, and authorities concerned should look into it. When approached, RSPB officials said they are extending all possible support to Champia. \"Thus far he has not come forward with complaints of laxity or inadequacy in training. However, on our part, we are extending all possible assistance to him,\" RSPB official Ramola said over phone from Kolkata.In the Beijing Olympics, Champia had earned second position in the ranking round, but lost in the second round of the Individual event. \"In all likelihood, Indian archers would earn maximum places possible for a country and Champia, indeed, carries hopes of many,\" an IAA functionary said from Delhi.Champia won his last international medal in the 2012 Asian Grand Prix held in Bangkok last February.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12256135", "title": "Collectors sit on army's plea for hospital land", "text": "HYDERABAD: The ministry of defence wants hospitals to be set up for the benefit of ex-servicemen throughout the state but the army is facing a hitch. A request has been made to the state government for allocating land at district headquarters but collectors are hardly doing anything about it.Under the Ex-servicemen Contributory Health Scheme (ECHS), the ministry of defence has provided for a facility whereby the medical needs of ex-servicemen and their families would be met. There are nearly one lakh ex-servicemen in the state of whom 60,000 have registered for the health scheme.All that the army needs is around 1,200 square yards of land at a place that is easily accessible at every district headquarters in the state. The policy of the ministry of defence is to take the land on lease and then construct hospital buildings with its own money for the welfare of ex-servicemen. According to a senior army official, there is also no restriction on the amount of money that can be spent on the construction of hospitals as the objective is to provide proper facilities. It is learnt that last year Rs 20 crore was spent in creating such facilities at different places in the state.The plan is to build hospitals at other places like Anantapur, Kurnool, Kadapa, Mahbubnagar, Karimnagar and Khammam.The only problem the army is facing is in getting the required land. The issue came up for discussion when K Rosaiah was chief minister. After the civil-military liaison meeting in 2010, the state government wrote letters to all the district collectors to consider the request of the military and identify the land so that hospitals for ex-servicemen could be built.Army officials have been pursuing the matter with the collectors through the district sainik welfare officers. While at some places, the collectors have come forward to allocate land at other places army officials have taken on rent premises to start hospitals. For instance, at Giddalur where there is a considerable population of ex-servicemen, the army has started a medical facility with some specialists. There are poly clinics at Secunderabad and other places.The army's request for allocation of land is gathering dust as revenue authorities are occupied with their other priorities. State government officials confirmed that the army had asked for the allocation of land and that district collectors had also been asked to look into it.\"We have a positive attitude and are most certainly interested in allocating land that is required for the hospitals meant for ex-servicemen. If necessary the district collectors will once again be advised to take a quick decision,\" Anil Chandra Punetha, principal secretary, revenue department told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12254806", "title": "Fresh trouble for hotelier", "text": "MUMBAI: Hotelier Lalit D'Souza (40), who had pumped six bullets into his sister Lorna (43), could be in trouble as the Bombay High Court on Tuesday issued a suo moto notice for enhancement of the three-year jail term handed out to him.Lalit, who was convicted under Section 326 of the IPC for causing grievous hurt with a weapon, got away with a three-year prison term. The maximum punishment prescribed for the offence is life imprisonment.Justice A P Lavande issued the notice while hearing Lalit's appeal challenging his conviction. The court admitted the appeal and released him on a bail of Rs 50,000 and two sureties.The court has restrained Lalit from entering the three-bedroom apartment at Cuffe Parade that had been a bone of contention between the siblings, unless he is accompanied by the police. Lalit has also been asked not to leave the state without the court's permission. \"The state will also file an appeal to challenge the trial court judgment acquitting Lalit of charges of attempt to murder,\" said additional public prosecutor Poornima Kantharia. The siblings are involved in a property dispute over the Cuffe Parade flat and a chain of restaurants. On October 28, 2007, around 3.30 am, Lorna returned home from a dinner to find a car belonging to her brother blocking the gate.She got into an argument with the building watchman and soon, Lalit came down and shot her six times at close range. Lorna called her sister, who rushed her to Bombay Hospital. She was discharged 19 days later. Lorna suffered serious injuries on her chest, stomach and arms. One bullet remains lodged in her chest.Lalit's defence was Lorna pushed him in a manner that reminded him of the manner in which their father had been attacked by gangsters in 1990. This prompted him to attack his sister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12257211", "title": "Std IX, X math marks reduced", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra state board of secondary and higher secondary education has decided to reduce the marks weightage for mathematics for std IX and X, from the existing 150 marks to 100. The change for std IX will come into effect from the 2012-13 academic year and for std X, from the subsequent year.Sarjerao Jadhav, chairman of the board said, \"The first batch of std IX will appear for the 100 mark maths exam to be conducted in March 2013. In the February 2014 std X board exams, the same batch will appear for the 100 marks maths paper. But students appearing for std X board exam in February 2013 will write the 150 marks maths paper.\"The state government has decided to revise the marks weightage to bring parity with the CBSE examination pattern. This will help the government resolve issues like the 'best five' calculations, which had caused controversy, he added.The revised 100 marks examination would comprise 40 marks each for the algebra and geometry written exam. The remaining 20 marks would be for internal assessment. Students would have two-and-a-half hours for the 80 marks written exam, Jadhav explained.City-based educationist Kedar Takalkar said, \"The board has reduced the marks but not the syllabus. This will result in more burden on students for lesser marks. It may affect the students' preparation schedule for the exams.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12256492", "title": "Milk distributors call off strike", "text": "VADODARA: The group of retailers, who had called for an indefinite milk strike in the city, called it off on Tuesday evening.The group under the banner of Baroda Dairy Kendra and Parlour Sanchalak Seva Mandal had given the strike call on Monday.Despite the call given by the distributors for Tuesday, milk supply in most parts of the city remained unaffected. There was, however, chaos in some pockets like VIP Road, Manjalpur, Waghodiya, Jetalpur Road and some old city areas from where more retailers had joined in the strike.Residents here had to rely on loose milk supplied by local 'dudhwalas' or travel to distant parlours managed by Baroda Dairy. At the main parlour near Baroda Dairy premises, there were huge queues of citizens who had started stocking milk pouches from Monday evening anticipating that the strike call would affect their daily requirement.Makarpura police, in fact, remained present near dairy premises to keep the situation under control.At the parlours managed by Baroda Dairy, milk was the only commodity which was sold on priority basis by dairy officials.Baroda Dairy's management said an estimated 10 per cent milk supply in the city was affected due to the strike call given by agitating retailers. Some retailers forcefully stopped milk supplied by Baroda Dairy's vans while reports of black marketing of milk pouches also surfaced.The agitating retailers ended their strike after receiving assurance from Baroda Dairy's management and district administration that their demands will be addressed.\"We have called off the strike after we were promised that the dairy will regularize its supply to the retailers which has been affected due to the implementation of the new inventory management software system - SAP,\" said retailer Sandeep Amin,.\"At the same time, we have been promised that whenever milk prices will be hiked by the dairy, they will provide us percentage hike as commission on milk pouches,\" he added.After the meeting in the presence of district administration, the distributors said that they have given April 15 as deadline to Baroda Dairy's management to work on all the demands raised by them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12255009", "title": "After Mamata, Nitish, too, skips Badal\u2019s swearing-in", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The swearing-in ceremony of Parkash Singh Badal as chief minister of Punjab may see a galaxy of political stars descend on the historic battlefield of Chhapar Chiri near here on Wednesday, but the prospect of the birth of another political battle in the shape of a third front, has fizzled out with most of the 'likely warriors' and those calling for snap polls deciding to stay away.The function is likely to be attended by several UPA allies, but they are not the ones who have been opposing NCTC vehemently. Union minister Sharad Pawar, his daughter and MP Surpiya Sule, DMK MP Kanimozhi and former Union minister Praful Patel are learnt to have conveyed their confirmation to attend the ceremony on Wednesday while J&K; CM Omar Abdullah and his father and Union minister Farooq Abdullah had not confirmed their plan till late on Tuesday evening.Among the BJP and NDA allies, Gujarat CM Narendra Modi, Jharkhand CM Arjun Munda and Himachal Pradesh CM Prem Kumar Dhumal would also be arriving in Punjab on Wednesday but Goa CM Parrikar had not confirmed his participation.Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee had cancelled her programme on Monday while Bihar CM Nitish Kumar, who has been clamouring for snap polls, has also conveyed his inability to visit Punjab. TN chief minister Jayalalithaa has decided to send her emissary.SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav would be conveying his plan on Wednesday morning. Parkash Singh Badal, however, is all set to attend his son Akhilesh Yadav's swearing in on March 15.Among industrialists, top honchos of DLF and India Bulls, two companies which are implementing mega projects in Punjab, are also flying in, in their respective helicopters to attend the event. The government has also put one aircraft and one chopper on standby at Delhi to ferry in last-minute additions.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "12255791", "title": "Ponda to celebrate Shigmo on March 19", "text": "PONDA: A week after the Ponda Shigmotsav Samiti (Ponda Shigmo festival committee) decided to skip the Shigmo festivities, a new committee has decided to hold the parade on March 19.\"Ponda town is now all set to hear the music of the 'dhol', the drums and conches as huge effigies of wondrous colour and light effects will parade their way,\" said organizing chairman and Ponda MLA elect Lavoo Mamledar.\"Shigmotsav or Shigmo festival is part of Goa's culture and it was supposed to begin from Antruj Mahal (as Ponda taluka was called in the past). As it was on the verge of being cancelled this year, Ponda's people have come together and formed a new committee under the chairmanship of minister Sudin Dhavalikar, to organize the festivities,\" he said.The committee has three MLAs elect - Mamledar, Dipak Dhavalikar and Mahadev Naik as vice chairmen. Mamledar will also be its organizing chairman.The earlier committee had decided not to organize the festivities in Ponda after 18 years and had intimated its decision to the tourism department - the official sponsor of the festival parade. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "malegaon", "code": "12255226", "title": "Race for Malegaon House hots up, polls on April 15", "text": "MALEGAON: The state election commission on Tuesday announced that along with four other civic bodies of the state, elections for the Malegaon Municipal Corporation (MMC) will be held on April 15. This will be the first elections after more areas were included in the MMC limits.As per MMC records, a total of 3,67,381 registered voters will cast their votes to elect an 80-member extended civic body with a budget of Rs 140 crore. Before the extension of town limits, the civic body had 72 corporators. With the announcement of the election schedule, the town is all set to see an interesting poll contest. However, because of half a dozen political parties in the fray, political pundits are tight-lipped about the results.In 2002, in the first elections after the erstwhile municipal council was upgraded as a corporation, the Janata Dal (S) had emerged as the single- largest party, and veteran socialist leader and former minister Nehal Ahmed went on to become the first mayor, despite fighting tooth and nail against the conversion of the municipal council into a corporation in the run up to the elections.The results of the last elections held in 2007 were even more surprising. The people of Malegaon rejected the leading parties and voted to power the third front - a group formed barely a few months before the elections by political novice Mufti Mohammad Ismael. Mufti Ismael later also won the 2009 assembly elections. Political observers had opined after the results that it was the direct fallout of the people's anger against 'the negative and divisive politics of the seasoned politicians'.However, much before the announcements of the election dates, political parties have begun their campaigns, drawing the battle lines between them all. The first to start the campaign is the Janata Dal (S) led by Nehal Ahmed. Sensing the general mood in the city, the party is trying every bit to cash in on the campaign it had started to get the 2006 Malegaon blast accused released on bail.Close on his heels was Nashik guardian minister and Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) stalwart Chhagan Bhujbal, who by inducting town mayor Abdul Malik Yunus Isa and over a dozen others into the party fold a fortnight ago made his intention to fight strongly for the Malegaon Municipal Corporation very clear.Not far behind them is a rejuvenated Congress party. The party, led by two-time MLA Shaikh Rasheed expects a comeback due to what it terms as 'the failures of Janata Dal (S) and the third front' in the last two terms. Others in the fray include the Shiv Sena led by MLA Dada Bhuse, the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS), Samajwadi Party and other smaller parties. All of these are trying their best to become, if not king, at least a kingmaker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12254924", "title": "Illegal mining creates millionaires in Orissa", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Orissa's Keonjhar district, long considered endemically poor, has undergone a transformation: it has turned daily wage labourers into crorepatis. Guali, a village that falls on a cart track, today has the latest SUVs whizzing around. A leading private bank operates a profitable branch for wannabe millionaires.Guali is home to Apat brothers, Kusha, Laba and Bhima, who have spun rags-to-riches tales in the last seven to eight years. Kusha Apat, a former truck driver, is the Keonjhar district BJD vice-president. He is said to have earned crores after the mining boom began in 2003-04, which is when B Prabhakaran, a contractor from Salem in Tamil Nadu arrived.Prabhakaran, 38, is the MD of Thriveni Earthmovers Pvt Ltd, a company which first came to notice for being booked in a 2009 case of illegal mining worth nearly Rs 1,000 crore. Riding on the back of \"political contacts\", Prabhakaran quickly earned himself a reputation as a man who \"got things done\".\"Prabhakaran has close links with the mining mafia in Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh and also the blessings of senior BJD leaders. He has monopolized most of mining operations in Joda and Barbil,\" said state BJP spokesperson Ashok Sahu.Keonjhar, which is reputed to have a fifth of India's iron ore reserves, is also infamous for acute poverty, underdevelopment and left-wing extremism. The opposition charges that illegal mining hereabouts could be anywhere up to Rs 3 lakh crore. The illegality is not limited to raising more ores than permitted by the government, but also mining in areas beyond their lease areas and selling the output at high prices through dubious means.Prabhakaran, who was unavailable for comments, is contracting for at least six mining lease holders. The arrangement, insiders said, is such that Thriveni does all the work and takes the majority share, while the mine-owners get anything between 20% to 40%. This has not escaped the government's attention, which has served show-cause notices to at least three mine-owners.The Naveen Patnaik government has tried to curb the unlawful activities and ordered a vigilance inquiry into the allegations over the last three or so years, but the opposition wants a CBI probe. A litigation on this is also pending before the Supreme Court.\"We've filed 12 cases of illegal mining. Chargesheets have been filed in three,\" said Orissa vigilance officer Debadutta Patnaik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12256334", "title": "Only 41% houses \u2018livable\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Indian household is, not surprisingly , shrinking. Data from Census 2011 shows that the proportion of households with one or two married couples has risen over the last few years, while the proportion of households in which three or more married couples lived together has declined.India now has 24.7 crore households and 24.5 crore residential or partly residential houses, leaving a gap of 0.2 crore between the available housing stock and the number of households. This gap, says the Registrar General's office, is reducing. However, housing experts say that the housing gap should also include the number of cramped and damaged houses, and could be much larger.The census data itself characterizes 5.3% of all houses as 'dilapidated' and another 41.5% as 'livable' , leaving only a little over half in what it categorises as \"good\" . Even in urban areas, the proportion of \"good\" houses is just a little over two-thirds.Simultaneously, 10% of houses lie vacant, but this includes houses used for residential and non-residential purposes. As much as 22% of houses in Goa alone are vacant, a figure that suggests holiday destinations with seasonal peaks and troughs may have a role to play in the large number of vacant houses.The median Indian household has between 4 and 5 members. However more than 30% of households have over 6 members . Despite this relatively large size of the average Indian household, twothirds of India lives in one or two-room houses.In both rural and urban India, houses are increasingly made of concrete , or, as in 16% of cases , with tin and asbestos roofs. Close to two-thirds of rural Indian houses still have mud floors and less than one in every five houses has a concrete roof.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "12255949", "title": "State lost Rs 1.5K cr over gas woes", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: The Gujarat government on Tuesday admitted in the state assembly that power companies in the state are unable to produce 1,000 MW of electricity on account of lack of availability of gas at a reasonable price.Answering to a written question by BJP legislator Govindbhai Prajapati, state energy minister Saurabh Patel told the House that as a result of this \"the state has to suffer a loss of Rs 1,500 crore\", as it is unable to sell power to other states because of the failure of the state's gas-based power plants to run on full capacity.\"This is particularly sad, because other states are suffering from lack of power\", the minister said, adding, \"The state gets just 50 per cent of gas it requires to run its power plants at administrative price mechanism (subsidized) rate from the Centre, while as for the rest, the state's gas-based power companies have to depend on power from other sources in the market.\"Giving details in another reply, the minister said, the Government of India provides gas for power plants from two different sources - Gas Authority of India Ltd and Reliance. In 2010-11 as well as 2011-12, the state's total requirement of gas was 17.23 million cubic metres per day (MCMD).\"As against this, in 2010-11, the total availability to the state's power plants was 12.20 MCMD, while in 2011-12, till now, the state's power plants have received 9.86 MCMD of gas\", he said, adding, \"We have to buy up gas at higher price. As a result, the state suffered a loss of Rs 2,320 crore over the last two years.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12260163", "title": "Akhilesh Yadav to take oath as Uttar Pradesh CM tomorrow", "text": "LUCKNOW: SP leader Akhilesh Yadav is set to take oath as Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh tomorrow for the first time, after his party gained absolute majority by winning 224 seats in the 403-member Assembly. Akhilesh, 38, will be the state's youngest chief minister and his Cabinet is likely to be a mix of youth and experience. He, however, will have his task cut out fulfilling the long list of promises made by his party in its poll manifesto. Samajwadi Party had announced a slew of poll sops, including providing laptops to intermediate pass students, tablet computers to high-school pass outs, allowance to unemployed youths, free treatment to patients suffering from serious ailments and loan waivers for farmers. Akhilesh will also have to take a call on constituting a commission for taking legal opinion on providing reservation to Muslims and implementing recommendations of the Ranganath Mishra Commission and the Sachar Committee. The SP leader has said improving law and order situation and rooting out corruption in the state are among his top priorities. Besides, restoration of student unions in universities and colleges will also be a challenge for him. Even before taking the reins of the state, the party is under attack from Opposition parties, including outgoing Chief Minister Mayawati, who has alleged that the law and order situation had deteriorated following declaration of poll results in favour of SP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12256870", "title": "Promises made for city station in railway budget still unfulfilled", "text": "Year after year, the railway budget unveils a bouquet of promises for the city, painting a happy picture of comfortable and speedy train travel. However, most of these commitments remain unfulfilled, a reason why the Ludhiana railway station is today a picture of neglect. A look at the promises made during the previous rail budget are testimony to this fact.The much talked-about Go India smart card ticket project that was to hit tracks on 2011 continues to remain on paper. The smart card would have meant easier access to tickets and no more long queues.Another plan that simply fizzled out was the introduction of trolleys at railway stations. These luggage carts were to be made available at the station to make up for the paucity of porters. However, the sight of senior citizens dragging their luggage at the station remains far too common.It was announced that the Ludhiana-Delhi Shatabdi would run on a regular basis. However, the service is available to Ludhianvis only three times a week. Worse, travellers have often complained about the poor upkeep of Shatabdi, apart from the reported bad quality of food.Another project that was to meet passengers demand for good food was the introduction of model kitchens. Announced in rail budget 2011, the kitchen was to ensure better cooking and catering.Another venture that was forgotten soon after it was announced was a passenger coach terminal at Ludhiana that was to provide halting space to trains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12255753", "title": "Now, getting your face on a postal stamp is possible", "text": "PANAJI: Ever wondered what you would need to achieve to get a postal stamp of yourself printed?You need not wait anymore as you can now have your very own personalized postal stamp.Under the novel 'My Stamp' scheme of the Department of Posts, launched at the Panaji head post office on Tuesday, anyone can get their own visage or any other photo of their choice printed on genuine and usable postal stamps.Goa's chess champion Bhakti Kulkarni's stamp was released to mark the inauguration of the scheme in the state.\"I was really thrilled with the idea where we can see our own photographs on stamps,\" said Kulkarni, speaking to the media after the release of her stamp.\"It is a novel idea. Through this, one can be a stamp traveller,\" said Charles Lobo, postmaster general, referring to the Hollywood movie Tommy Tricker and the Stamp Traveller.\"You can go from here to China on a stamp,\" he added in a lighter vein.He termed the response as excellent, stating that over 250 people had applied.Adolph Castellino, a Panaji-based businessman, who was among the enthusiasts who applied, told TOI \"I'm an amateur philatelist (stamp collector). This is a one-off thing through which you could encapsulate your family member or loved one for posterity in your collection.\"Castellino, who has applied for three sheets, said he planned to utilize some of the stamps for special purposes such as exchange and to keep some for his collection.Satyen Keni, advertising professional, told TOI \"This is a unique concept. I will keep them as a kind of souvenir.\" He added that he had applied for stamps for his family as well.\"I used to collect stamps ages ago. I was wondering if could do some artwork with stamps that I can use later on,\" said Sean Faia from Panaji.Faia disclosed that he intended to use some of the stamps on private party invites to friends.One sheet of 12 stamps costs 300. The photo can be provided or you can opt to have it clicked at the post office. The photo will then be printed alongside any of the 17 template themes - such as star signs, wildlife or panchatantra - one can choose from, on which the value of the stamp is printed.'My Stamp' centre will be open at the Panaji head post office till March 15, and at Margao head post office from March 16-17, from 10am to 5pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12260527", "title": "Sarah Jane Dias shoots for a wardrobe malfunction scene", "text": "Sarah Jane Dias shoots for a wardrobe malfunction scene in Kya Super Kool Hai HumMiss India pageant winner Sarah Jane Dias had to brave through a wardrobe malfunction scene for her upcoming film Balaji's Kya Super Kool Hai Hum. The actress had to revisit her modeling days as she stepped into the shoes of Carol Gracious who met with the misfortunate incident a couple of years ago, for a scene that sees her walk the ramp for a fashion week. Says a production source \"Sarah initially had her reservations while shooting the scene since it was a sensitive subject especially since she has an extensive background in modeling.However she handled it like a thorough professional and shot the scene with utmost grace.\" On the brighter side, the model-turned-actress sported the same Hemant Trivedi gown she won the pageant in. \"Sarah was very nostalgic shooting for the scene since she was sporting the same gown Hemant designed for her and was very excited to be wearing it again for the film\" adds the source. After the runaway success of Balaji Motion Pictures 2005 hit comedy Kya Kool Hai Hum, the team of the film reunites for the rib-tickling sequel, titled Kya Super Kool Hai Hum Sumit Jha", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12256529", "title": "Eunuchs want to contest from women\u2019s quota, EC in a bind", "text": "NEW DELHI: It's not just male and female aspirants who are approaching the state election commission to enquire about the conditions for contesting the elections this year. Even eunuchs are showing up at the EC headquarters at Nigam Bhavan to know where they stand in the poll fray.The Delhi Election Commission may be clueless at the moment on the application category for eunuchs, but election officers have been asked to study the Election Commission of India rule book for answers. Delhi election commissioner Rakesh Mehta is exploring the possibility of issuing an order clarifying where the eunuchs stand so that they get their rightful place in the contest.According to sources, two eunuchs met the Delhi election commissioner and expressed their desire to contest the municipal polls as independent candidates. They wanted to contest on a seat reserved for women and inquired if that was possible. Mehta had no ready answer.However, the case propelled him to clear the air on the issue. Mehta feels it is important to spell out their position through an order. According to the rules, all scheduled caste candidates have to certify in their applications that they belong to the category. Similarly, women will certify their identity if they are contesting on reserved seats. This time 50% seats are reserved for women. Therefore, if a eunuch makes it to the contest, their position in terms of categorization should be made clear, Mehta said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12256953", "title": "Indore shutdown total", "text": "INDORE: Normal life in the city was adversely affected as the Congress sponsored bandh, in protest against alleged killing of young IPS officer Narendra Kumar Singh by the mining mafia in Morena district, evoked a mixed response on Tuesday.Shopkeepers kept their shutters down, public transport buses kept off the roads and petrol bunks remained closed till 3 PM during the bandh. Shops in Kothari market, Jail road, Chappan, Sarafa Market, near district court and other places wore a deserted look.\"We are observing bandh in protest against the killing of the young IPS officer,\" said Mahesh Jain, a trader in Kothari market. \"All the shops owners have expressed solidarity with the family of the deceased, and we demand that the BJP government check illegal mining in some parts of Madhya Pradesh\", said Shantilal of mobile trader in Mobile market. The otherwise busy Chappan bazaar remained closed till 3 pm.Long queue was seen in front of few petrol bunks after they reopened after 3 PM. While buses kept off the roads, other transport services including auto-rickshaws and vans were seen running.Some traders accused the Congress Party workers in jail road of forcing the shutters down. \"We had kept our shutters down on occasion of Nagpanchami on Monday and today would be the second day of keeping our shops closed,\" said a trader adding that it affects our earnings.Leader of Opposition Ajay Singh claimed that the bandh was successful. \"We wanted a fair inquiry into the killing of IPS officer in Morena by the mining mafia, and the Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan has agreed for a CBI probe.\" said the Leader of Opposition.Meanwhile, a BJP press release claimed that Congress Party's effort of forcing the traders to down shutters proved futile. City BJP president Shankar Lalwani said that the Congress Party was politicizing the IPS death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "march 21,1997", "code": "12255609", "title": "Swearing-in assumes \u2018grand\u2019 proportions", "text": "March 21,1997: Mayawati takes the oath as UP chief minister at KD Singh Babu Stadium. September 21,1997: BJP leader Kalyan Singh's swearing-in ceremony also held at KD Singh Babu Stadium. May 3, 2002: Mayawati's swearing-in ceremony held at La Martiniere ground. August 29, 2003: Mulayam Singh's swearing-in ceremony held at Lakshman Mela Ground.LUCKNOW: The crowning of UP's chief minister is no longer an official ceremony having fixed rituals. The ceremony, over the years, has become so grand in terms of guests that the serene lawns of Kothi Hayat Baksha, the official residence of UP's governor, fail to accommodate them. Data from the Governor House office shows that out of the seven swearing-in ceremonies held in the last 15 years, only three were held at the Governor House. And now, the oath ceremony of state's youngest chief minister Akhilesh Yadav will also push the tradition into history. Prior to Akhilesh, his father Mulayam also ventured out of the Governor House to take the oath as CM. The venue was Lakhsman Mela Ground. Swearing-in ceremonies for Mayawati and Kalyan Singh were also held at other venues. TOI takes a look at why this happened.Open For Public: A senior official at the Governor House engaged in organising the event said that over the years, the oath ceremony has assumed political hues. \"Political parties see it as an opportunity to show their strength to the opponent,\" he said adding, \"The guest list has diversified and grown longer. In 1980s and early 1990s, not more than 1,200 persons were invited. Senior government officials, political party functionaries and a few guests were invited for the function. But now, leaders want at least their MLAs and party workers to attend the event.\" Another official from the secretariat administration department (SAD) that plays a key role in organising the event and bears the entire cost agreed. \"It's a grand affair,\" he stated.Long Guest List: The change may only be guessed from the fact that 40,000 people are being expected at the function on March 15. \"More than 5,000 invitations are being sent and around 10,000 guests are expected,\" said an official. The engineers of Lucknow Development Authority (LDA) supervising the event say that a workforce of more than 600 labourers, technicians and supervisors has been deployed for the gala event. The list included about 20,000 people from Etawah, particularly Saifai. \"Till Tuesday evening, there were plans to put up plastic chairs for general seating. But later, it was learnt that a large number of people from Etawah were expected to attend the function.Therefore, we may be forced to drop the idea of chairs. 'Durries' may instead be spread in the entire area to accommodate the crowd,\" said an official.\"This is a landmark event for all those who believe in Akhilesh and adore Mulayam. Given a chance, who would not like to be a part of it,\" said a party worker who had come to take stock of the situation. Obviously, accommodating such a large number of guests inside the Governor House is impossible. \"The canvas is about 8-9 times bigger here. The area of the present venue is about 1.5 lakh square feet and a tent is being erected for 10,000 guests,\" said a supervisor.Gala Gadget Mela: A semi permanent stage is being constructed for the main event and a very heavy barricading is being done for proper crowd management. Mojo concert barricades, metal meshed barriers developed by Germans that are impossible to infiltrate will take care of the VIP area. \"This allows security persons to work in a safer way. A person stands on one end of the barrier which stays in place due to the body weight and facilitates crowd management,\" said a supervisor. To ensure that those in last rows are able to see the proceedings of the event, a multi-camera set up along with eight LED TVs would be raised. Organisers said that for the first time, line array speakers (a row of powerful speakers installed vertically over a crane and used in high profile live concerts) have been installed so that clear voice travels over a radius of 70 metres. \"Since the technology is being used for the first time, we are ready with the traditional horn speakers as well that have a separate battery back-up as well. So the voice would travel in case of power failure too,\" said an electrician.Costly Affair: As per the estimates gathered from the sachivalay department, around Rs 60 lakh is being spent in readying the venue. \"A normal shamiyana for 400 guests in a wedding ceremony costs at least Rs 1 lakh. The 'tentage', lights, sound, fans could cost about Rs 1 crore for 10,000 guests,\" admitted an engineer at LDA. Not only this, around Rs 1 crore would go in paying rent for holding the event on La Martiniere ground. Actually, the use of the ground is managed by La Martiniere College board whose ex-officio chairman is a Justice of the Allahabad High Court.At present, Justice Umakant Singh holds the position. When Lucknow administration approached the college management for using the place, the board convened its meeting. Considering that the preparations for the event had begun, the board said that the occasion should be treated as a one-time exception. It gave the permission but asked the organisers to pay Rs 1 crore as compensation for using the place to which the administration agreed. \"The cost will be borne by the state government,\" said Anil Sagar, DM, Lucknow.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12257104", "title": "Over 13% households have net connectivity", "text": "MUMBAI: The latest communication tool, the computer and internet is making slow albeit impressive inroads in Maharashtra when compared to other states. Rural Maharashtra however, seems to lag behind most other states, according to Census 2011 findings, released on Tuesday.Over 13 per cent of homes in Maharashtra now have a computer, way over the national average of 9%, though internet remains a luxury with only 6% homes having the facility. Nevertheless, the state's internet availability is nearly twice the national average.Maharashtra's availability of computers is next only to Chandigarh, Delhi, Kerala and Mizoram. That said, its 6% internet connectivity is outdone by Chandigarh's 19% or Delhi's 18 per cent. Cyber expert Vijay Mukhi believes that computer penetration in cities like Mumbai, Pune and Nashik would have contributed significantly to the state's high average.Cities and towns in the state have 23.6% computers as compared to a mere 4.7% in rural Maharashtra. The skewed spread of cyber technology is evident from the rural-urban divide. While 11.7% households in urban Maharashtra have access to the internet, only a corresponding 0.8% of rural households have such access.\"The fact that English is predominantly the language of the internet is one of the major reasons for exclusion of many parts of the rural population,\" says Mukhi. Experts point to the lack of electrification in rural areas, which also has a significant role to play.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12256170", "title": "Man held guilty of raping Snehalaya girl", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A local on Tuesday convicted one Om Prakash for raping a 13-year-old inmate of Snehalaya. Accused was convicted by additional district and sessions judge V P Sirohi. The quantum of sentence would be pronounced on Wednesday.Victim was violated by the accused in September 2010 when she had gone to her maternal grandmother's home during vacations. Accused was the neighbour of victim's grandmother and had threatened her with dire consequences if she told anyone about the assault. After returning to Snehalya, the girl had complained of pain in abdomen, following which she was taken to Government Multi-speciality Hospital in Sector 16, where a medical examination confirmed that she was two months pregnant.When the manager of Snehalaya informed the police about the incident, victim's grandmother had refused to be the complainant. Later, the girl told the police that she was raped by Om Prakash. In this case, the grandmother had also approached the court for the abortion of the victim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12259137", "title": "Rail Budget 2012: Train fares increased across all classes", "text": "NEW DELHI: Railway minister Dinesh Trivedi on Wednesday presented his maiden Railway Budget in Parliament and said the budget was aimed at the common man.Towards the end of his Rail Budget speech, Trivedi announced that train fares would be increased across all classes, but the hike would be nominal. In the first hike in nine years, the minister said the proposal was to hike fares ranging from two paise to 30 paise per kilometre.The minister emphasized there would not be any steep increase in passenger ares.Trivedi said the increase would be 2 paise per km for suburban trains; 3 paise per km for mail trains.Express train fare was up by 5 paise per km, 10aise p per km for a/c chaircar, 10 paise per km for a/c 3-tier, 15 paise per km for a/c 2-tier and 30 paise per km for a/c 1st class. He said the attempt was to round off fares to eliminate the need for change.Platform tickets would now cost Rs 5, he said.The railway minister also announced the setting up of a body of experts to examine setting up of an independent Railway Tariff Regulatory Authority.During his Railway Budget speech, Dinesh Trivedi announced 75 new express trains and 21 new passenger trains. He said the railways was expected to recruit over one lakh people in the next financial year.Guru Parikarma train covering Amritsar, Patna and Nanded was one of the trains that woule be introduced, he said.Dinesh Trivedi said the railways would induct two board members for marketing and safety.At the start of his presentation of the Rail Budget, the minister said the emphasis of the Rail Budget would be on improving infrastructure.Safety is my first priority and sole emphasis, Dinesh Trivedi also said while reading out his budget speech. \"India Railways has to be be benchmarked with Europe and Japan,\" he said.\"My focus will be safe safety, safety, safety,\" Trivedi told the Lok Sabha, adding this was the decision he took as soon as he assumed charge his ministry last year against the backdrop of a rail accident in Uttar Pradesh last year.\"I wow to target zero deaths,\" he said in his rail budget speech. \"I also propose to set up an independent railway safety authority, as recommended by an expert group headed by the former Atomic Energy Commission chairman Anil Kakodkar.\"Trivedi said he was not satisfied with the current safety standards. He said a special purpose vehicle would be set up to achieve better safety protocols. Trivedi said unmanned level crossings would be abolished in the next five years.Trivedi said the target of reducing accidents from 0.55 to 0.17 has been met.The railway minister said focus would also be on modernisation of railways and the Prime Minister's advisor Sam Pitroda would head the railway modernization commiittee. The minister for railways announced several modernisation programmes for the railways in his speech and said investment of Rs 5.60 lakh crore would be required for the purpose.The other four three areas listed by the minister were consolidation, de-congestion and capacity augmentation, bringing down operating ratio. Trivedi said the operating ratio of the railways -- amount spent on running the network against revenues -- will be lowered to 84.5 percent from the current 95 percent, and to 74 percent by the terminal year of the 12th plan.This is key to the network being able to garner money for expansion and modernisation.Trivedi said he was looking at the current budget not as an exercise for the next fiscal alone, but also for the entire five year plan, drawing from the Vision 2020 document of his predecessor and current West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee.The Indian Railways run the third largest railroad network in the world spread over some 64,000 km, with 12,000 passenger and 7,000 freight trains each day from as many as 7,083 stations to ferry 23 million travellers and 2.65 million tonnes of goods daily.Given the socio-economic role played by the railways in India's transformation, Trivedi also said time had come for formulating national policy for the network on the lines of those for defence and external affairs.According to the minister, Indian Railways will invest Rs 7.35 lakh crore during the 12th Five Year Plan period (2012-17), against Rs 1.92 lakh crore in the current one. By then, it will double its contribution to India's gross domestic product to 2 percent.Trivedi said the outlay of Rs 60,100 crore proposed for 2012-13 will be the highest ever and added that the network will require Rs 14 lakh crore over the next 10 years for modernisation.Trivedi announced another scheme - Indian Railways Stations Development Corp will redevelop stations and maintain them on pattern of airports, he said. The minister also anounced special projects for the north-east and Jammu Kashmir.With several railway employees also good sportspersons, Trivedi announced the setting up of a Rail Khel Ratna Award to be given to 10 sportspersons every year.HIGHLIGHTS", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12256085", "title": "Victoria Hall will cease to witness upheavals soon", "text": "COIMBATORE: The majestic Victoria Town Hall, which has withstood the test of time, standing tall for over 100 years, will cease to witness heated arguments between corporation councilors over policy matters. As per the new budget proposal, councilors will vacate the historic building once a new council hall comes into existence.According to corporation sources, efforts are on to find a suitable location to construct a new council hall, to accommodate the 100 councilors along with officials and media representatives. The city corporation wants to set up the new facility within a year and use the town hall for public meetings, civic receptions and other social gatherings.\"We have identified two locations for a spacious council hall. One acre of land is available just behind the present corporation hall and another two acres available at the Music College campus in RS Puram. The mayor will decide on the location,'' said a senior officer.The Victoria Hall, a symbol of the British Raj in the city, was built in 1892 in honour of Queen Victoria. Many celebrities, who visited the city, including Mahatma Gandhi and Rajaji, had used the hall to address residents. \"Till 1953, municipal council meetings were held there regularly. A library and a reading room started functioning in the building in 1953 and continued to exist till 1986. Then the hall was used as a warehouse to store electrical goods,'' said C R Ilango, a city-based historian. The 6,000 sq ft structure, which includes a 3,000 sq ft council hall, stands on a 48-cent plot.\"It is good that the corporation council is leaving the town hall. Once it is opened for public use, it will definitely boost the city's cultural growth,'' said artist Jeeva, who lives near the historic structure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12257169", "title": "Design tweaking holds up railway bridge work", "text": "BHOPAL: Commuters will have to wait for a couple of years to take a drive on six-lane rail over-bridge (ROB). A change in the design set the start of construction back. Currently, engineers are working to make suitable changes in the present drawing, further delaying the start of work for the implementing agency -- Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC).If the BMC goes ahead with the present design--trumpet-shaped bridge, it will pass over the girl's hostel building of the Bhopal School of Social Sciences (BSSS) at Hoshangabad road. It would have meant demolishing the hostel building, something the college management objected to. This necessitated to tweak design of the ROB.BMC sources said the ROB is now likely to turn towards the left of the BSSS to avoid demolition of the hostel building. \"We have to change the design of the ROB due to a minor flaw in the design,\" Sunil Shrivatava, in-charge ROB told TOI. \"This new design is yet to be finalized,\" he confirmed. The change, apart from delaying the work, is to push up the cost by Rs 1.5 crore more, sources maintained.The 24 m wide and 990 m long ROB is estimated to cost Rs 38.62 crore and will be completed in two years. The ROB is constructed under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission to complete the 24-km long Bus Rapid Transit System corridor from Misrod to Bairagarh.The bridge will fork in two directions, one extending from RRL tri-junction to the Arera Colony near the Ganesh temple crossing the railway bridge and the other connecting RRL tri-junction to the Bhopal Fracture Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12256301", "title": "Upset with parents showering attention on brothers, 3 girls flee home, rescued", "text": "Feeling neglected by their parents who apparently showered their attention on their sons, three girls ran away from home on February 29. Three days later, on Saturday, the Mulund police, with the help of a Badlapur officer, found them loitering at Badlapur station.The girls, all Class-VIII students of an English-medium school, have been reunited with their parents and counselled. The trio had left home on the pretext of going to school.\"The girls said they were annoyed with their parents who apparently paid more attention to their brothers. Tired of the step-motherly treatment , they thought of teaching their families a lesson and ran away,\" assistant commissioner of police (Mulund) Mahadev Gundewadi told TOI on Tuesday.\"The girls said they did not plan to stay away permanently, but wanted to scare their parents. They stayed at a friend's home in Badlapur for a day and then roamed around in Badlapur aimlessly. They were at the Badlapur station when they were found.\"The parents were also counselled and asked not to discriminate among children.The three had planned it out for a month. Initially, another girl was supposed to join them but she stayed back. Based on information from the girls' parents, the police talked to the fourth friend. \"She said they were fed up with the way their parents treated them and so ran away,\" said Mulund police senior inspector Jivajirao Jadhav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "college road", "code": "12256908", "title": "Sanjiva s house sparkles bright", "text": "COLLEGE ROAD: Everyone knows that diamonds are a girls best friend but what about men? Well, we know Swarovski crystals are Sanjiv Sethis best friend. A city-based businessman, he boasts of a huge collection and his hobby is catching the eye of friends and relatives.A resident of College Road, Sanjiv picked up the habit of collecting crystals during his travels across the world.These pieces of art celebrate the wonder of nature clubbed with the luminous power of crystal. They are elegant and modern, yet hold a classic appeal.The beauty and brilliance of Swarovski crystals is world renowned. I would often see Swarovski items in hotels and shopping malls, and wish to possess them. I fulfilled my desire to own one in 1994 when I was on a trip to Dubai, where I purchased a beautiful horse. And since then the passion has only grown, he says.The governor of Rotary International District 3070, Sanjiv boasts of a collection of Swarovskis from all across the globe from Bahrain, Belgium, Kuwait, Dubai to the US, but the best Swarovski is from Austria , he adds. Whenever I go on a tour to Austria, I try to collect as many good Swarovski pieces I can. At present, I have a golfer, shoes, swan, dog, basket, among other figurines.And needless to say that Sanjivs collection is neighbours envy! Whenever a friend or relative comes to my house, they first head to see my Swarovski counter to figure out my latest addition, he said.Getting the right piece is not an easy task, says Sanjiv. I remember that getting a Swarovski golfman was not easy. I surveyed many places for the perfect piece, but could not find one! My search ended in Austria, where I found it. And suddenly all the effort was worth it as the beauty and power of the piece were perfectly captured and gracefully balanced. It was a stunning masterpiece.He adds, My sons, Sidharth, Kabir and Harsh too wish to carry forward the legacy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12256583", "title": "Youth Congress polls stopped due to ruckus", "text": "VADODARA: The Youth Congress polls held on Tuesday were stopped midway by the returning officer after two groups clashed with each other. The elections for the posts of Lok Sabha president and other office-bearers will be either held again or the votes polled on Tuesday may be considered. Sources said that a report about Tuesday's incident has been sent to senior leaders in Delhi and they will take a final decision.The incident exposed internal bickering among Youth Congress leaders. According to the sources, trouble began when some voters refused to produce original copies of the voter identity cards. \"We requested that true copies or notarised copies of the ID cards be accepted. But the polling officer maintained that original ID cards should be produced. Soon, ruckus broke out and some groups resorted to bogus voting and booth capturing,\" claimed one of the contestants. tnnThe poll was held at Parul Institute in Waghodia. \"The ruckus was done deliberately as some of the contestants including a former MSU student leader were expected to win. Some elements in the party didn't want these contestants to win so they resorted to such tactics,\" said another contestant.There was confusion among Youth Congress leaders as some claimed that the polls have been cancelled while others said that votes polled on Tuesday may be considered depending on the number of votes polled. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12255559", "title": "Sharad Joshi supports Bt cotton", "text": "NAGPUR: The battle is heating up between the pro- and anti-Bt cotton lobbies among farm activists. A fortnight after the parliamentary committee on agriculture visited the region to assess impact of use of genetically modified seeds, manufacturers of Bt cotton seeds have pitched veteran farm leader Sharad Joshi to plead their case.He also plans to file a PIL against government for banning cotton exports, calling the decision to lift the embargo partially an eye wash.The committee toured the country on the directions of Lok Sabha speaker and went back with largely negative feedback about the genetically modified BT cotton seed from Vidarbha. Joshi, the founder of Shetkari Sanghatana, along with Association of Bt-Led Enterprise (ABLE), an organization backed by companies making Bt seeds including US-based Monsanto, slammed the farm activists who opposed its use at a press conference here on Tuesday.He accused Kishore Tiwari of Vidarbha Jan Andolan Samiti (VJAS) of serving vested interests, hinting towards the chemical pesticides industry. Joshi and ABLE claim that use of Bt cotton substantially reduces dependence on pesticides. VJAS and others say it has only increased the cost of cultivation leading to indebtedness of the farmers. Representatives of ABLE included Dr C D Mayee, former director of Nagpur-based Centre for Indian Cotton Research ( CICR).The Sanghatana has written to PMO as well as Lok Sabha speaker quoting Mayee and executive director of ABLE Dr N Seetharama that a wrong picture of region's agriculture scene was portrayed before the committee. \"Farm suicides are being wrongly linked with the use of Bt cotton. The seed has only helped improve the farmers' condition with high yields. The farm crisis is due to low rates given to cotton,\" said Joshi. He was accompanied by a handful of farmers supporting his claim.None of the farmers was from the two villages of Yavatmal district-- Bhamraja and Maregaon-- where the committee got a substantial feedback against the Bt seeds. The gram panchayat in Bhamraja passed a resolution against the use of Bt seeds. On this Joshi said, the committee had no business coming to Yavatmal on the request of Tiwari. \"They should have relied on an invitation by a member of parliament. Moreover, the panel has committed a breach of privilege by linking farmers' suicides with use of Bt seeds even before the report was tabled in parliament,\" he said.Joshi said Tiwari had been only propagating regressive agriculture practices. One of the farmers accompanying Joshi pointed out that Tiwari himself has grown Bt cotton in his fields. Bt cotton has revolutionized cotton farming , Joshi said.Reacting to Joshi's statement, Tiwari said only farmers with enough irrigation could profit from Bt cotton but not the small and marginal ones. His farm could sustaini Bt due to irrigation facilities the family had, said Tiwari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12256737", "title": "Big scare at dawn", "text": "Shwetha Jha from Jharkhand owns a five-storey structure to the left of the partially collapsed structure. She has rented out 13 houses in her building. \"I heard workers shouting in the neighbouring building. When I came out, I saw them running out and thought their building would collapse anytime on mine,\" Shwetha told TOI. She got all her tenants to evacuate the building. \"Neighbours stood by one another. It is not easy to shift 13 homes in such a short time. Yet, all houses were vacated by 7am,\" she said.Demolition in full swingBangalore Rural deputy commissioner MK Aiyappa and Anekal tahslidar H N Shive Gowda decided to demolish the building. A 50-strong force comprising police, fire force, and civil defence personnel began work at 6 pm using two JCB machines.About 30 houses in four adjacent buildings were vacated and Bescom officials disconnected power to the area. Police had a tough time waking up a few tenants, all call centre employees who work the graveyard shift. Police broke open the locked doors of 10 houses after calling the owners and taking their permission. Onlookers were kept at a distance of 300 metre. The JCBs first razed the left side of the building. ''If we touch the right or middle portion, the entire building may have crashed onto neighbouring houses,'' civil defence team leader PRS Chetan said. Debris was piled up into a mound and the JCBs climbed atop it to pull down the top floors. Police said the demolition work would be over before midnight.Filter sand is the culprit?Civic officials said use of filter sand is rampant on the outskirts and couldn't be ruled out as the cause of the accident. ''It looks like building byelaws have been violated. There are possibilities of two sites having been amalgamated, which is a violation. The area comes under gram panchayat limits. No site measuring 30 ft x 40 ft can have a five-storey building without a basement parking facility,'' a BBMP executive engineer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12256009", "title": "Madurai station needs further infrastructure", "text": "MADURAI Junction that handles enormous passenger traffic due to its tourism potential and commercial significance should be provided more number of trains for which the railways should consider an alternate route through Melur - Karaikudi, according to users who use the station frequently.S P Jayaprakasam, member of the divisional railway user's committee from Madurai said that the most viable alternate route will be through Melur - Karaikudi to reach the delta districts like Trichy and Thanjavur. \"Even for emergency purposes, we don't have an alternate route. It will be shortest section of 70 km which can be completed in short span of time,\" he mentioned.Another important factor in Madurai Junction is the increased passenger traffic arriving through the various trains and the subsequent road traffic caused in the peak hours. The best solution will be to improve the Koodal Nagar station and make use of it like the T Nagar or Tambaram stations in Chennai. Except for the Guruvayur Express, other trains do not halt at this station, though the station has vast potential.\"Koodal Nagar station should be developed next to Madurai because almost half of the population of Madurai lives in this region. It will greatly ease the congestion at Madruai Junction,\" Jayaprakasam said.However, Madurai Junction has lot of operational difficulties which has to be addressed immediately, say the employees here.\"Madurai Junction in fact does not have doubling because it ends with the Vaigai river. It means either reception or despatch at a single time,\" a railway staff explained. Due to this, two trains cannot be operated at a single time though there is doubling from Dindigul. Another challenge is that the station does not have an alternative other than platform number one to receive any goods train with many wagons. Platform one is congested most of the time with more number of trains being operated from there.\"When a goods train enters during peak hour, it becomes a herculean task to handle the other trains. Despatching trains late to other divisions will get us a black mark and railways gives lot of importance to goods traffic as well. It creates huge tension among the staff from various sections at those moments,\" another railway employee said.The railways should, therefore, complete the remodelling of the yard which has been initiated but stopped in between. Besides, other platforms in the station should be developed to handle lengthy trains. A longer track to accommodate goods train should be laid. Only then, passengers can enjoy the benefits of all the developmental works in the junction, the railway staff said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12257196", "title": "Cong stalls debate on its own adjournment motion in House", "text": "BHOPAL: In an unprecedented move, the Opposition Congress in the Madhya Pradesh Vidhan Sabha on Tuesday stalled a debate on its own notice for adjournment motion over the killing of IPS officer Narendra Kumar allegedly by the \"mining mafia\" in Morena district a few days back, demanding a probe by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) into the circumstances that led to his death and into the alleged rampant illegal mining in the state.\"It's perhaps for the first time in the Parliamentary and legislative history that the Opposition is not allowing a debate on an adjournment motion, moved by them. It's unprecedented,\" Speaker Ishwardas Rohani quipped as the Opposition legislators trooped into the well of the House, raising slogans and pressing for a CBI inquiry.As soon as the house assembled for the day, opposition members were on their feet raising the issue of the killing of IPS officer Narendra Kumar in Morena district, pointing out that they have submitted notices for an adjournment motion. But, chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan stumped the Opposition, promptly agreeing for a debate and requested the Speaker to take up the debate immediately after suspending the Question Hour.As the speaker began reading out the Opposition-sponsored notice for adjournment motion on the issue, the Opposition members changed their strategy and demanded an announcement for handing over the case to the CBI. \"Announce a CBI probe first, and then debate,\" the Opposition members raised slogans and trooped into the well of the house.Speaker's repeated plea to the Opposition to resume their seats and participate in the debate went unheeded as they continued to raise slogans. As the noisy scenes continued for more than half an hour, the Speaker said the Opposition did not seem to be interested in the debate and hence would take up the remaining business for the day.Legislative affairs minister Narottam Mishra was heard saying that it was totally unparliamentary and un-democratic to shy away from debate once the government agreed to have a debate on the Opposition-sponsored notice for adjournment motion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12256310", "title": "Jhajjar killings: 7 held, rifle &amp; carbine seized", "text": "NEW DELHI: Seventy-two hours after the audacious attack on a jail van at Jhajjar in Haryana, seven people have been arrested for allegedly planning and executing the strike that killed three undertrials on March 10.The arrests, made after a brief exchange of fire between the accused and the Outer District police in south Rohini on Monday, have revealed that the operation - a fallout between two rival gangs - was planned and executed from the jails of Jhajjar and Bhondsi. The Tihar connection is still being probed.The cops said 16 men had carried out the attack and at least seven others had been identified. While five of the arrested are residents of Rai village in Sonepat, Haryana, the others are residents of Ghevra village of Delhi. The accused were looking for a hideout in south Rohini.Joint CP (northern range) Ranveer Krishnia said the accused belonged to the Anil Lila gang, being commanded by Sandeep Kala since the Delhi Police crime branch arrested Anil in November last year. Among the arrested is Sonu (25), the sharpshooter of the gang and their field operation head. The others are Raju (27), Mohit (25), Suresh (26), Satish (25), Rohtak (26) and Jitender (22). Three sophisticated pistols and 12 live cartridges were recovered from them. On Monday morning, two cars were seen coming from Outer Ring Road. On being signalled to stop, the drivers tried to take a U-turn but could not as the police teams had sealed all escape routes. The occupants were directed to come out but instead of surrendering , some of them opened fire on the police party. Police fired in defence before arresting them, sources said.\"In the evening we received a PCR call that a white Santro was lying abandoned near MB Hospital in Bawana. Two weapons - an INSAS rifle and a carbine, along with ammunition - were found in the car. We found that the weapons were looted from the police escort of the Haryana jail van that was attacked in Jhajjar. The car was robbed by the gang from Narela on March 9, a day before the attack ,\" said B S Jaiswal, DCP (outer).The arrested reportedly revealed during interrogation that the car was being driven by Sandeep and he was carrying the arms. \"The recovery of both indicates that Sandeep himself had abandoned this car and the weapons as he did not wish to be found with the weapons,\" Jaiswal added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12259958", "title": "Swine flu: 12 cases detected in Pune, authorities on alert", "text": "PUNE: Detection of about 12 Swine flu cases in the last fortnight has put the health authorities here on an alert, as two patients are reported to be in a critical condition. While some of the cases have been detected in a \"pro-active\" research survey, undertaken by the city-based National Institute of Virology (NIV) in a locality here, other non-specified areas, too, have reported H1N1 infections. \"While the cases detected by NIV are being treated as outdoor patients without admission, other cases, which include two critical ones, call for a greater surveillance, as Pune had not reported any fatality on account of Swine flu in the last year,\" Dr Pradip Awate, State swine flu surveillance officer told PTI. Two of the three critical patients, admitted to ICU in different hospitals, were put on ventilator, health officials said. General practitioners, treating seasonal influenza cases, have been advised to screen patients for suspected H1N1 infections, they added. Pune became the epicentre of swine flu cases since recording the first fatality of the dreaded infection in 2009, leading to vigorous surveillance measures that saw a substantial reduction in its transmission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12255586", "title": "'Loss includes losing control or being deprived of something'", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur bench of Bombay high court has ruled that \"losing control or deprivation of something is also a loss\". A division bench comprising justices Sharad Bobde and Prasanna Varale have observed in a decision, \"Every time a person claims that something is lost or he doesn't know about its whereabouts, it is not necessary that thing should have been annihilated. But it is sufficient if the complainant has lost control or has been deprived of it.\"Indore-based company Ruchi Global Limited had approached the judiciary after Pune-based Maharashtra State Warehousing Corporation (MSWC) refused to give duplicate receipts to it on the grounds that originals were in possession of one of the respondents, Kailash Maheshwari, who acted as broker between them.The petitioner had purchased cotton bales and deposited them at MSWC's warehouse at Arvi in Wardha through Maheshwari. The MSWC issued receipts in the name of the petitioner and handed them to the broker. Due to a dispute with the broker, the Indore-based company applied for duplicate receipts claiming the originals were 'lost', so that it could take delivery of the cotton bales kept at Arvi.Maheshwari objected to this and informed MSWC that the originals were in his possession and therefore they can't be termed as 'lost'. MSWC cited Bombay Warehouses Rules, 1960, framed under the Bombay Warehouses Act, 1959, and rejected the petitioner's claim that the original receipts were lost. So, Ruchi Global approached the high court.\"A person may complain that a thing is lost. It may be found with another, who may not hand it over to the owner. But the owner could still maintain that it is lost, in the sense that he has no control over it and cannot use or produce it,\" the judges said in their order.Citing Section 379 of IPC, they said 'theft' is said to have taken place when a thing is removed from the lawful custody of the owner. \"If the word 'lost' is understood in this sense, the petitioner would be entitled to get duplicate receipts in view of Section 33 of Bombay Warehouses Act, 1959,\" the judges said while setting aside MSWC orders.Observing that MSWC had not heard the petitioner before rejecting his claims of duplicate receipts, the court directed it to decide the issue within six weeks after hearing all parties, who were directed to appear at MSWC on March 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "12256035", "title": "Rayagada rebellion tramples BJD", "text": "KORAPUT: The ruling BJD retained the Koraput zilla parishad by winning the president's post but suffered a major setback in Rayagada when a rebel candidate defeated the party's nominee with support from the Congress. BJD's district president and Gunupur MLA Ram Murty Mukita's daughter Sujata Mutika defeated the regional party's official candidate Damayanti Saraka by one vote.Out of the 19 ZP posts in Rayagada, the BJD and Congress had won 12 and seven seats respectively. Though the regional party was well placed to form the ZP, three of its winning candidate, including Mutika, revolted against the party's sponsored candidate.\"The result is a jolt for the ruling party as it has openly exposed the internal squabble in the BJD. Here the BJD is divided and the Congress added fuel to fire by supporting the BJD's dissident candidate,\" said political observers.Political observers feel that the outcome of the result may force the BJD's high command to take disciplinary action against the Gunupur MLA for revolting against the party's decision. And it will be interesting to see who is being elected as the vice-president of the ZP for which the election will be held on March 24.\"If a Congress candidate is elected as the vice-president, it will be clear that a secret understanding has been reached between the BJD's rebel candidate and the national party's Rayagada wing. And the BJD's stand against its rebel candidate remains to be seen,\" a political observer of Rayagada said.However, in Koraput where the Congress and the BJD were equally placed with 14 ZP seats each, the regional party managed to retain the ZP by getting the support of the single independent candidate Zuro Mouka of Narayanpatna. Mouka is reportedly sponsored by the Maoist-backed Chasi Muliya Adivasi Sangh (CMAS) had won the lone ZP seat of Narayanpatna uncontested.Though both parties had tried their best to strike a good deal with the CMAS and had agreed to fulfill the 10 demands, including stopping combing operations in Narayanpatna, return of tribal land and judicial inquiry into the Narayanpatna police firing of 2009 among others, the BJD managed to win the confidence of the rebel backed outfit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12256350", "title": "Cop\u2019s death spurs Anna stir", "text": "NEW DELHI: Almost a year after he tapped into public discontent, activist Anna Hazare will return to Jantar Mantar on Sunday to press for a strong whistleblowers' Act. Hazare will sit on a daylong protest fast spurred by the outcry over the killing of IPS officer Narender Kumar by mining mafia in Madhya Pradesh last week. He will be supported by other activists like Arvind Kejriwal , Manish Sisodia and Shanti Bhushan.This will be the first hunger strike undertaken by Hazare (74) after he called off his three-day fast for a strong Lokpal Bill in Mumbai last December owing to failing health. A Team Anna member said Hazare will sit on the fast in solidarity with those demanding justice for the 2009 -batch IPS officer.Team Anna has also invited family members of slain whistleblowers or those who have been victimized. The protest has been preceded by a three-day demonstration and fast in Bhopal that began on Tuesday.Team Anna members have been actively voicing their support for Kumar. \"Indians won't be mute spectators to this political 'tamasha' this time round,'' a statement said. Kejriwal had targeted lawmakers saying that he was waiting to see for how long MPs will discuss Kumar's killing in Parliament after it \"mourned\" the slapping of Union Minister Sharad Pawar for two hours.Kejriwal tweeted, \"When Sharad Pawar was slapped, Parliament mourned for two hours. \"Let's see for how many hours does it discuss Narendra Kumar's death.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12257194", "title": "Under attack, applicants play it safe, swap pleas", "text": "CHENNAI: The Right to Information Act may be the singlemost empowering piece of legislation for the common citizen but it also places those who use the law in danger of retaliation by powerful people and their hirelings.Many petitioners have been murdered for exposing crime with information obtained under the law and several others weretargetsof reprisal attacks. At least 12 RTI activists have been eliminated since 2010, with the killers often not being brought to book. But RTI activists nowhave a wayto put a safe distance between themselves and potentialharm.FifthPillar, an anti-corruption organization, is encouraging people to file applicationson behalfof information-seekers in other stateson a quid proquobasis.\"People in positions of power threaten, assault and even killwhistleblowers.Itiseasy for them to do this because it is compulsory for the applicant to provide a valid address while filing an RTI application,\" says Fifth Pillar president Vijay Anand. \"Retaliatory attacks are muchlesslikely when the applicantisfrom a distantstate.\"The organization, which has more than 70,000 members, has for the past three months served as a go-between for activists seeking to file applications without fearing harm from the peoplethey expose.\"The police cannot always ensure that RTI applicants are protected. So we started a community of RTI activistswhofile applications on behalf of each other,\" says Anand, citing a recentcasein which a member of Fifth Pillar submitted an RTI application in Hyderabad on a sensitiveissuein Madurai.Lok Satta president Jayaprakash Narayan says the recent attackon an RTI activistin Chennai shows that such incidents are not limited to the badlands of Bihar or Uttar Pradesh. \"Any type of attack on whistleblowers should be thoroughly investigated andtheculpritsbroughttobook.\"IAS officer C Umashankar alleges there is a lack of transparency in the implementation of the RTI Act in the state. \"Many information officers are political nominees. If the state had a strong lokayukta, people could seek justice without fear,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12256466", "title": "VMC to lease plots for sports activities", "text": "VADODARA: Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) has decided to give its plots on lease for sports activities at a token rate. The civic body has around 27 plots lying vacant in various parts of the city.The VMC took the decision regarding the plots in the present year as it was being celebrated as the 150th birth anniversary year of Swami Vivekananda and Maharaja Sayajirao Gaekwad III. It had also come to light that while several plots were earmarked for use for sports activities, these were lying unused.VMC standing committee chairman Vijay Shah made an announcement regarding leasing of the plots on Tuesday. The plots will be leased out to organizations and NGOs who want to promote sports in the city. The responsibility of sprucing up the grounds and maintaining them will be with the organization that takes them on lease.Initially, the VMC plans to lease out the plots for a period of three years. After this the performance of those who take the plots will be reviewed and a decision regarding renewal of the lease will be arrived at.The list of grounds will be put up on the civic body's website. The plots have been identified in Akota, Waghodiya Road, Sawad, Karelibaug, Navayard, Manjalpur, Tandalja and Atladara areas of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12254923", "title": "Rates of Cool Cab, fleet taxis may go up", "text": "MUMBAI: The decision to cut auto fares in Navi Mumbai was to bring it on par with Mumbai and Thane as the RTO has made it mandatory for all autorickshaws in Navi Mumbai to ply on CNG. The present fare was based on petrol-driven autorickshaws.\"We conducted a survey of the region for the past four months and found that 88% autos were running on CNG. Passengers are being charged as per the petrol rates which are high,\" said state transport commissioner V N More.Passengers have welcomed the move as they will now have to pay only Rs 11 instead of Rs 15 earlier as the basic fare. \"We were looted all these months and thanks to fares dropping, we will see savings,\" said L Sivaram, a Nerul resident.But the auto unions have already voiced their dissent with some of them even threatening to go on a flash strike from Wednesday. \"The MMRTA will be responsible if autos are off the roads,\" said a leader, requesting anonymity. The drivers here will earn Rs 7 instead of Rs 9.50 for every subsequent km. \"How can you reduce fares when the cost of living index has gone up,\" he said.More dismissed these concerns. \"They should not complain as majority of them ply on CNG and we will ensure that all autos are converted to CNG within a few weeks,\" he said.The fare hike in Mumbai taxis may also lead to rise in rates of Cool Cabs by a rupee, while fleet taxis may also demand a one-rupee rise.The MMRTA increased the fines for refusals and meter tampering of autorickshaws. The basic fine for meter tampering has been raised to Rs 2,000 from Rs 1,000 earlier. For a first time offence, the auto permit will now be suspended for 20 days from the earlier 10 days and for a repeat offence, the fine has been increased to Rs 4,500 from Rs 3,000 and the permit remaining suspended for a month instead of 15 days. If the driver commits the offence for a third time, the permit will be cancelled immediately and the auto taken off the road.Sources said there was also a proposal to impose a fine of Rs 5,000 on every auto or taxi driver resorting to illegal strike. However, this was not approved at the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12256899", "title": "Tobacco dangers present and clear: Experts", "text": "BHOPAL: It is statistic that state won't feel happy about. The state has the highest incidences of oral cancer with nearly 33.6% of population addicted to one form of tobacco consumption or other. The risks associated with it -health-wise, economic or social--were highlighted at a seminar in the Vidhan Sabha in the city on Tuesday.According to the Union health ministry, an estimated 2 crore people in the state are addicted to tobacco or its allied products. By the World Health Organisation (WHO) estimates, of 2 crore people 33% or 66 lakh people would die prematurely.\"High risks from smoking or tobacco chewing surprised us,\" said Voice of Tobacco Victims director Dr P C Gupta. \"Madhya Pradesh is an extremely important state because of consumption of tobacco and tendu patta,\" he added.Vidhan Sabha Speaker Ishwar Das Rohani, minister of state for medical education Mahendra Hardia, water resources minister and environment Jayant Mallayya and agriculture minister Ramkrishna Kusmaria were among those present.The New England Journal of Medicine study shows smoking accounts for 9 lakh deaths in a decade in India. \"Death is caused due to tuberculosis by smoking in rural areas and smoking leads to heart attacks in the urban areas,\" said Tata Memorial Hospital associate professor Dr Pankaj Chaturvedi.Smoking 'bidis' (rolled tobacco) is likely to reduce life span by 6 years in males and 8 years in females. Cigarette smoking in males could take away 10 years from their life, the researchers estimate. The difference is probably due to lower tobacco content in bidis, they explain.The study found that among men, about 61% of those who smoke may die between 30-69 years of age compared with only 41% of non-smokers. Among women, 62% of those who smoke may die between 30-69 years of age compared to only 38% of non-smokers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12257175", "title": "Two more patients test positive for swine flu", "text": "JAIPUR: The scare of swine flu refuses to subside as two more persons tested positive on Tuesday taking the total number of patients to 13. However, the medical and health authorities are yet to wake up as both the patients had come to Out Patient Department (OPD) and were not admitted to any hospital.The situation is becoming alarming as 13 persons so far have tested positive in the last 10 days in the state. Out of these two died - eight-year-old girl Ojaswi and Sonal Jain (26). On Tuesday, the test reports suggested that one D B Yadav (50), a resident of Mansarovar and Pinky Kanwar (27) tested positive. Both the patients had visited the OPD and on doctor's advice had gone for the swine flu test.\"It was confirmed that both are infected. We have sent a medical team to their residences to start the treatment. If the need arises their family members would also be checked,\" said an official from public health department.A team of doctors was already in Mansarovar and Khatipura to find out if any more cases of swine flu surfaced in these areas. Officials added that this time strict isolation is not needed as the patients have been advised to keep under isolation with the prescribed dosage of Tamiflu. \"If the medical team recommends admission to the hospital, then the patients will definitely be admitted,\" said Dr Praveen Aswal, deputy chief medical and health officer.Majority of senior officials of the health department claimed that a patient of swine flu could be kept at home and could be treated by doctors. \"In most of the cases in Jaipur, teams were sent to the patients' residences. All of them are in isolation and are being treated,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12255936", "title": "Students confident of good results", "text": "AHMEDABAD: One after another, each exam is not only reducing pressure on students, but even boosting their confidence of scoring good percentage. Students of Gujarati medium class X, who appeared for their English exam on Tuesday were immensely relieved as they saw a very simple and not at all lengthy question paper.Students reported most questions on Tuesday were asked from a guide published by a private publication. This was a departure as till now, almost all the question papers were reportedly asked only from the textbooks. The topics of essay that are most dreaded by students were also easy. The two topics were 'Trees our friends' and 'The computer'. Neel Patel, a class X student said, \"I finished my exam 15 minutes early and am confident I've done well.\" tnnAdds another student Urvi Shah, \"I have attempted all questions in MCQ section correct and even section B was not lengthy at all. I am confident that I will score above 90 marks. The teachers in school had ensured thorough preparation, so the question paper turned very easy for us.\" St Xavier's School (Gandhinagar) English teacher Neeta said, \"Most of the students are happy as it was a very easy paper. But then, some got confused with the way sections were divided.\" tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12254562", "title": "Supreme Court stays seizure of Kripashankar Singh's assets", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Tuesday took charge of the probe into the alleged disproportionate assets of former Mumbai Congress chief Kripashankar Singh and his family members by asking Mumbai Police to file a status report before it.But Singh and his family members, who engaged the services of a battery of senior advocates - Mukul Rohatgi, U U Lalit and former attorney general K Parasaran -- got some relief as a bench of Justices H L Dattu and A R Dave stayed the Bombay High Court order directing attachment of the alleged disproportionate assets.However, they were restrained from alienating, transferring or dealing with these moveable and immovable assets in any manner and were asked to file affidavits to this effect within three days.The bench refused to interfere with the HC's directive to Mumbai Police commissioner Arup Patnaik to conduct a thorough probe and list the alleged disproportionate assets to unravel the \"rags to riches\" story of Singh and his family, who is alleged to have acquired a large number of houses, flats, plots, agricultural land and expensive cars in a short span of six years between 2004-2010.During the pendency of Singh's appeal against the HC order, the bench indicated that it would monitor the probe by directing Patnaik to file a status report before the apex court. However, it clarified that the police commissioner would not take into account the two earlier interim probe reports filed by the police before the HC.Singh's counsel argued that the HC order was a clear example of judicial excess as the HC could not have ignored the procedure established by law for prosecution of a person. They said the PIL was filed by a political opponent to settle political scores in the judicial arena. The bench said it was a larger question which would have to be dealt with later.\"How can the HC direct the police to obtain sanction for prosecution, when the investigations are not complete,\" the counsel asked. The Mumbai Police surprised Singh by taking a belligerent stand to oppose dilution of the HC order.Even as Singh's counsel accused Mumbai Police of changing colours by taking a stand quite different from its stand in the HC, police counsel Shekhar Naphade said the investigations had revealed several things and requested the court not to put any fetters on the police from doing a thorough job.The bench said it was not interfering with the investigations but modified the HC order on sanction. It said the police would apply for sanction to prosecute Singh as and when it feels appropriate after completing investigations into the case.Appearing for the PIL petitioner who set the criminal law in motion against Singh, advocates Prashant Bhushan and Aparna Bhat with intermittent advice from senior advocate Ram Jethmalani , said the HC had followed the correct procedure as Singh and his family members had amassed assets in a gross manner.Citing the example of Singh's wife, Bhushan said she was allegedly not employed ever in life and did not earn a penny but it was told to the police that she had got Rs 1 crore from forward trading transactions. About Singh's son, the counsel said he was a pilot with a salary of Rs 1 lakh a month for two years, but owned three BMW cars.Though initially the bench had ordered that there would be no stay on the properties already attached by the police, Rohatgi said it would be against the spirit of the law to do so. He said Singh and his family members would file an affidavit within 24 hours to undertake not to alienate the property.The bench agreed and stayed the HC order directing attachment of the alleged disproportionate assets and immoveable properties. It also asked Singh and his family members to file affidavits within three days not to transfer, alienate or deal with them during the pendency of their appeal in apex court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12256764", "title": "Chief justice warns media against extreme presentation", "text": "BANGALORE: Observing that everybody is answerable to his/her conscience, high court Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen on Tuesday said if the media continues to give a one-sided picture, some \"radical action \" needs to be taken against it.\"Under Article 19(a), media enjoys the widest protection . It is for them to take stock. They have to look into the mirror as everybody is answerable to their conscience . The media can't expect to be defended when they make such extreme presentations ,'' the chief justice observed while adjourning hearing of a batch of contempt petitions and a PIL.The bench also impleaded several Kannada news channels in the petition and adjourned the case hearing to April 9.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12255698", "title": "Three drug peddlers held", "text": "KANPUR: A man identified as Raees Pathan was arrested with 1.5kg of charas on Tuesday. The arrest was made on GT Road. The police arrested two more drug peddlers and recovered sedatives from them in Harbansmohal. They were identified as Rajendra Dikshit and Abhinav Bajpai, residents of Patkapur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12256731", "title": "Transparency on funds eludes state budget again", "text": "RANCHI: Like in the past, this year too the state government has prepared a budget that lacks transparency in terms of funds allocation to various schemes.If senior officers are to be believed, at least 20-25% of the total outlay will remain unspent in 2012-13 too. The budget document which has a mention of only the funds allocated to each department is ready to be laid in the assembly on Thursday.\"Ministers are not ready to make the budget transparent and despite all efforts they were not ready to give specific details of the schemes to be undertaken by their departments. We are sure that in 2012-13 too, the expenditure will not cross the age-old benchmark of 75%-80%,\" said a senior official adding that as usual 35-40% of the plan would also be spent in the last month of the fiscal year.The ministers are not ready to make the budget figures transparent as it will prevent them from taking maximum projects in their home districts. \"By not disclosing the details of the schemes in the assembly, the ministers get an opportunity to allot maximum projects in their places of choice. In the assembly, a minister cannot get the budget passed if he makes provision of constructing maximum number of roads in his home district or that of some other ministers' while ignoring other places,\" argued an official.Citing the example of the current fiscal, he said till February 34% of the total plan outlay of around Rs 12,232 crore was spent. \"This happens because the departments start making schemes from April and by the time the project is ready for execution it is February. We are sure that this will be repeated once again in 2012-13 since ministers were not ready to start preparation of schemes in advance by mentioning it in the budget,\" the official said.An official, who has been in the finance department for more than a decade, said since the time of creation of the state no department had worked on advance planning. \"This is one of the important reasons why despite no regulation on expenditure, the departments wait till the last month,\" said the official adding that Jharkhand is perhaps the only state in the country where the finance department does not regulate expenditure of departments.In other states, including Bihar, there is a limit on monthly expenditure. \"If we start regulating monthly expenditure by putting a cap, most of the departments will end spending 50% of the budgetary provision,\" added the official.However, deputy chief minister Hemant Soren, who is in-charge of the finance department, said he had made an attempt to make the budget transparent. \"I even picked up the matter during the last cabinet meeting so that there is no disparity in allocation of schemes. This was the first time that I had proposed this type of model for the state and hope that in the days to come things will improve,\" Soren said adding all departmental secretaries had been asked to submit the detail by April.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12255672", "title": "Facilitation centres likely to ease city\u2019s passport burden", "text": "LUCKNOW: Queuing up at passport office to submit an application may become a thing of the past, as Passport Seva Kendras (PSKs) or passport facilitation centres may make submission of passport applications an easier task. On Tuesday, the Lucknow Passport office launched PSKs in Lucknow, Gorakhpur and Kanpur. A PSK in Varanasi was launched on Monday.The submission of passport applications will entirely be handled by the seva kendras. Passport office, on the other hand, will only issue, print and dispatch the passports, thus taking away the burden from the passport office and making the issuance of passport faster, more transparent and applicant-friendly.\"Initially, we will send applicants to the seva kendras on our own, but when it gets fully functional, we will not allow any submission at the passport office,\" said passport officer RN Rai, Lucknow. PSKs will not allow an applicant to apply for more than one passport. \"It will ensure transparency in issuance of passport and speed up the process,\" said JP Singh, regional passport officer, Lucknow.PSK was launched as pilot project in Bangalore in 2010. PSK is an e-governance project based on Public-Private-Partnership (PPP) model. The ministry of external affairs has entered into an agreement with TCS to run the project. As many as 77 PSKs have to be opened up in the country. On the issue of data security collected from applicants, project head, Rajesh Dogra said, \"Data security is not an issue. The data collected, from the applicants, at any of the PSKs in the country, automatically gets transferred to the central data server in Delhi managed by the ministry of external affairs.\"To maintain a back-up of data, applicants' details are also transferred to a server in Chennai, simultaneously. The back-up data server is also maintained by ministry of external affairs. The private staf f employed at the centre has been given a digital signature each. Besides, it cannot transfer data anywhere except to the central server. The staff has also been trained to handle the submission of applications. \"The idea of PSK is to make the whole process of issuing passport, applicant-friendly,\" said Muktesh Kumar Pardeshi, chief passport officer. The Lucknow PSK is the 52nd to be opened up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12255520", "title": "After record win, Muslims eye handsome returns", "text": "LUCKNOW: After Akhilesh Yadav rewrote history books by becoming the youngest chief minister of India's most populated state, it's now the turn of UP's 16th legislative assembly to boast of another high - the all-time high number of Muslim legislators.With 68 Muslim MLAs, excitement is visible among the community members, who have always played a crucial role in tipping the scales in the cow-belt politics. In 2007, it propped up the Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) and this time, it swung in favour of the Samajwadi Party. A miffed Mayawati publicly attributes her rout and rival's victory to \"70% Muslim votes in Samajwadi Party's kitty\". And, 43 Muslim MLAs of Samajwadi Party only support her claims.SP had fielded 78 Muslim candidates, against 58 in 2007, and 43 of them romped home. BSP gave tickets to 85 (it had fielded 61 last time). However, only 16 won. Riding high on Rahul's mission-2012 euphoria, Congress had fielded 62 Muslim candidates (the tally last time was 49), but only four registered win. The victory graph of these parties showed the same trend in the 140 Muslim dominated constituencies across the state.SP won 72, BSP emerged victorious at 27 seats, while BJP and Congress bagged 25 and 11 seats respectively. Ironically, it was Maya who paved the way for Akhilesh Yadav's bicycle ride to 5 Kalidas Marg in July 2011, when she faxed a letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and demanded a constitutional amendment to expand quota for backwards among the Muslims.Swinging into a damage control mode, an alarmed Congress cleared the 4.5% sub-quota almost immediately to outshine Maya, while an overjoyed BJP raised the pitch for an urgent roll back. Mulayam Singh Yadav was perhaps the last to join the quota bandwagon, but raced up to the top of the popularity chart and stole the rivals' thunder by promising \"18% reservation to Muslim brethrens, if voted back to power. This proved to be the proverbial game-changer, claimed Maulana Khalid Rasheed Firangimahali.\"To the unemployed and desperate youth, this was something completely unexpected. It meant prosperity and secure future, and overnight SP emerged as the most favourite choice,\" said Firangimahali. No one cared to pay heed to the frenzied rebuttal by Digvijay Singh and Salman Khurshid who explained that the move entailed a constitutional amendment, for which SP lacked requisite support on the floor. \"The dream instantly clicked and the rest is history,\" said the Muslim cleric. His compatriots list other sops like Urdu medium school in every Muslim dominated locality, or a speedy implementation of the recommendations of Sachar Committee and Rangnath Mishra Commission, but agree that the clincher this time, was decidedly the extra mile walked by Mulayam's party.Significantly, 64 Muslim candidates turned out to be runner-ups this time, a fact which proves the might of a community, which has 19.8% presence in the state. Senior member of All India Muslim Personal Law Board Zafaryab Jilani sees the phenomenal success of SP this time as the outcome of a clear shift of Muslim-Brahmin combination in their favour.\"Both communities had been traditional votebank of the Congress in past, but seem to have shifted their allegiance to SP and thereby boosted the number of Muslim wins,\" he said.The group of 68 also includes many giant killers like Shakir Ali (SP), who trounced UP BJP state president Surya Pratap Shahi in Pathardeva seat. In Azamgarh's Didarganj, SP's Adil Sheikh defeated speaker of state assembly Sukhdev Rajbhar. Former minister in Mayawati's cabinet Nand Gopal Gupta 'Nandi' was drubbed by SP first-timer Haji Parvez Ahmed 'Tanki'. Four-time BJP MLA Inder Dev Singh lost the battle to Mohammad Ghazi in Barhara. Mohammed Rehan registered the first victory of a Muslim candidate from Lucknow west by defeating BJP veteran Suresh Kumar Shrivastava. Interestingly one of the two seats out of 10 in Gandhi bastion of Amethi and Rae Bareli was won by Mohammed Muslim after he wrested Tiloi from SP's Mayankeshwar Saran Singh.Muslim resistance in western UP adversely affected poll prospects of RLD-Congress combine. RLD had fielded nine Muslim candidates in the region, and all of them lost.For Congress, the lesson proved to be harsher after Salman Khurshid's wife Louise finished fifth and lost her deposit despite the minister's public pledge to raise the sub-quota to 9% after election. Congress also lost credibility after the Batla house slip up particularly Salman's assertion and retraction of how Sonia cried over the encounter. BSP always seemed indifferent to the community and had always been wary of Muslim support, therefore SP was the only winning option left. Meanwhile, Peace Party claimed 4 seats and failed to cut much ice with voters. Before elections, president Dr Ayub had claimed that Peace Party would be in a position to join the government.Ulema Council, another Purvanchal-based party, floated in reaction to Batla House encounter also bit dust, as all candidates lost deposit. Ittehad-e-Millat Council came up with a surprise win when Shazil Islam, former minister in Maya cabinet and dropped during her clean-up drive, clawed back to the assembly from Bhojipura. The members of the community now expect the payback time post March 15, the day Akhilesh takes chief minister's oath.Quoting a letter sent to him by Mulayam on October 21 in response to an invitation to a Muslim reservation conference, Jilani said, \"It promised us implementation of recommendations of the reports of Sachar Committee and Rangnath Mishra Commission, if voted to power.\" Maulana Abdul Qasim Nomani, rector of Darul Uloom Deoband too hailed Samajwadi Party's victory and hoped that \"it fulfils all promises made to the minorities in its manifesto.\"Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12254787", "title": "Shame old story this monsoon", "text": "MUMBAI: The civic body is not likely to meet its target of repairing 560 minor roads before its deadline in May.In a review meeting, chaired by BMC chief Subodh Kumar on Tuesday, the roads department admitted that they may complete only 250 minor roads before the monsoon deadline. However, Kumar has directed officials to ensure that the work in completed on schedule.In its February 28 edition, TOI had reported that the work order for minor roads was issued on February 22, however, officials had initially planned to give the go-ahead in the first week of December. The civic administration argued that the delay was unavoidable since the project was passed by the standing committee before the election code was announced. \"The entire machinery was busy with the elections,\" additional municipal commissioner Aseem Gupta said.\"Initially, we had arranged resources for five months but unfortunately we have only two months left and it is not possible to complete all the roads within such a short period,\" he added. \"Even after the work order is issued it takes time for the project to start,\" said a senior roads department official. \"Several approvals for various utilities and the traffic department have to be obtained. Effectively, we will have only two months to work on minor roads,\" he added.The city has a road network of 1,940 km, of which over 50% is considered to constitute minor roads. Most of these internal roads are maintained and repaired by local ward offices and are in a bad shape. The civic body looks after 1,900 km of Mumbai's roads of which 530 km have already been concretized. Even in the repair of major roads, the BMC has missed its first deadline. Work on 19 of the city's 161 major roads has been completed. Moreover, the Swiss auditor, SGS, has directed contractors to relay roads at 22 locations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "ambala", "code": "12255208", "title": "Aspirants for teaching job offer to work without pay", "text": "AMBALA: A total of 1.25 lakh job aspirants who have qualified the Haryana teachers eligibility test (HTET) have offered their services without salary till the government starts the process of regular recruitment.Patra Adhyapak Sangh, the association of candidates who have qualified HTET have started collecting affidavits to be forwarded to the education directorate during an agitation scheduled to be held in Panchkula on Wednesday.The sangh had also moved a public interest litigation (PIL), questioning the government's intensions towards recruitment of regular teachers in the state last year. Tilak Raj, adviser and district president of the sangh had filed the PIL in the high court and had alleged that the Haryana government was deliberately delaying the recruitment of teachers on a regular basis.\"After that the Haryana government had filed five affidavits before the court, promising that it will soon advertise posts for regular teachers. But till now the government has not done anything', said Tilak Raj. The last affidavit was filed by the government in the court in December last year.\"We have analyzed the government's excuses for not filling up regular posts. We have decided to work without salary so that the government doesn't make any more excuses,\" he said. Rajender Sharma, state president of the sangh said, \"These 1.25 lakh people are eligible candidates for teachers' posts. But they see a bleak future ahead. We are left with no option but to work withoutsalary to make the government realize the gravity of the situation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12256025", "title": "Forced to clean toilet, class 3 student loses eye", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A class 3 student lost sight in his left eye after an accident at Isanpur municipal school on March 1. Parents of the child gave an application of complaint to police on Monday. Badruddin Shaikh, leader of opposition at Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation ( AMC ), has written a letter to the municipal commissioner demanding justification of the incident.According to Dhanji Makwana, a resident of Isanpur, his child Raju, 10, studies at Isanpur Municipal Corporation School number 2. When he reached to his school late, his teacher sent him to clean the school toilets along with other students. When Raju was cleaning, he slipped on the wet floor and his head hit the metal bucket. Thethe bucket's corner damaged his left eye. \"Raju had a problem with the eye since his childhood and thus he was operated on the same eye after an eye donation. We have demanded to abolish the humiliating punishment in the municipal school and compensate the child for the loss due to negligence on the school's part,\" said Shaikh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12256331", "title": "Administration to set aside funds for underpasses", "text": "CHANDIGARH: To decongest Chandigarh's main artery, Madhya Marg, UT administration has decided to make a budget allocation for construction of underpasses. Chandigarh Housing Board (CHB), which has been designated as the nodal agency for the project, has been sitting on it for four years.It was decided to build three underpasses in the first phase to check the maddening traffic chaos. A study conducted by the UT engineering department recently had revealed that over 35,000 vehicles cross the UT Press light-point at Madhya Marg during peak hours. The city has highest per capita vehicle ratio in the country.A traffic survey has been conducted at the proposed routes of the underpasses and decisions, such as the number of lanes and subway designs, would be based on its findings. \"The soil survey and topographic study are complete and have been provided to the consultant,\" a CHB official said.The agency hired for the project would not only plan ways to avoid common problems like water-logging and poor lighting inside subways, but would also maintain it for five years. The subways are likely to reduce the congestion by a mammoth 52%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12256107", "title": "Soon, login in to corporation website to download birth, death certificates", "text": "COIMBATORE: In a few months from now, city residents will be able to download documents like birth and death certificates of their dear ones from the municipal corporation's website and spare themselves the ordeal of making the rounds to meet the concerned officials to get it issued. The corporation commissioner will also be able to monitor and review the progress of civic projects from his office computer as the government has decided to implement a major e-governance project to increase the efficiency and transparency of the working of civic bodies across the state.Coimbatore Municipal Corporation (CMC) has been selected as the pilot installation centre where a trial run of this project will be conducted in the coming months before it is extended to other municipal corporations in the state. The initiative was announced in the corporation budget.\"We already have integrated e-governance in the functioning of our departments but it is at a very skeletal level. We are expecting this new project to increase co-ordination, efficiency and transparency in the city corporation. It will also help the officials to monitor the progress of our projects in an effective manner and will considerably reduce the margin for error and malpractices,\" said TK Ponnusamy, CMC commissioner.The government has also roped in leading IT firm WIPRO as the external consultant for the preparation of the Detailed Project Report (DPR) for the initiative to be implemented with financial support from both the state and central governments. According to senior corporation officials, the project will interlink all departments at the head office and also the five zonal offices of the corporation. From maintaining a biometric attendance register of all employees, daily status of the infrastructure projects and schemes of the corporation will be maintained in the system, which could be accessed and reviewed by the corporation commissioner on a daily basis. For example, sanitary inspectors will be assigned digital signatures to issue birth and death certificates without manually signing each of the documents. The applicants will then be able to download these documents from the official web portal of the corporation.Each department of the corporation will be categorized into core and auxillary digital modules with specific digital codes in the new project. For example, the revenue department of the corporation will have separate modules for property tax, water charge collection etc. The entire project is expected to have at least 21 major modules, each dealing with a specific function of the corporation.\"Elaborate databases will also be created to register and store official information including for the payment of bills of corporation contractors executing our projects. All standalone systems in the corporation will be integrated under it,\" Ponnusamy added.As per the budget announcement made on Tuesday, allocation of Rs 33.61 crore has been kept aside for implementation of this project. The first phase of implementation is expected to be completed with an estimate of Rs 30.32 crore, out of which Rs 24.65 will come from the central government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12256459", "title": "\u2018Macho\u2019 gene makes men aggressive under stress", "text": "WASHINGTON: Ever wondered why men react more aggressively than women under stress? It's because all their response boil down to a single \"macho\" gene, scientists say.Australian researchers who discovered the YSR gene said it could explain why men have a \"fight or flight\" response while women are more likely to try and defuse the situation. The gene, found only on the Y chromosome, was previously thought to be involved only in the development of male characteristics in the womb.But new study, led by prof Joohyung Lee of Prince Henry's Institute in Melbourne and prof Vincent Harley of Monash University, showed that its proteins are present in the brain and other organs of adult males, LiveScience reported.The researchers found that the gene also helps in the release of the neurotransmitter dopamine, which is crucial to movement. It's also found in the adrenal glands, which secrete norepinephrine and epinephrine. All three chemicals are important in regulating how our bodies respond to stress, they added. This male-only SRY gene may \"prime\" the male body for a more aggressive stress response, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "12256660", "title": "Merry farmers striking gold in Gumla", "text": "GUMLA: Tribal farmers of Jhargaon here have reversed the existing trend of flower supply from Kolkata to the Gumla district via Ranchi.Nowadays tribal women are plucking marigold from the fields and green houses, which are being used for floriculture, packing it and sending it here. On Tuesday, for the first time, locally grown marigold hit the Gumla market. Marigolds are now in full bloom in the fields and the tribal women of three farmer families have started plucking them. It will continue till the flowers are sold out. Some will go to the state capital as well.\"Around one quintal of marigold was sold today (Tuesday),\" said Manu Oraon, one of the farmers growing marigold.A huge patch of land was barren in the village but now there is a massive orchard which has mango, guava and sputa (chiku) trees, and in the space between those trees marigold is being cultivated. At present marigold, rose and gladiolus are being cultivated in 2.5 hectares of land, owned by three farmers - Manu, Sanjay Oraon and Jaya Oraon. More farmers are willing to cultivate marigold, said Shankar Gupta, coordinator of the National Horticulture Mission (NHM), who is providing technical support to this new mode of farming, taken up by those who were totally ignorant of floriculture. NHM has come forward with a massive mix cropping project on 141 acres of land in Jhargaon, and has provided flower seeds free for making a nursery in a green house set up by it at the village, said Gupta. \"Earlier, we used to grow and sell vegetables at a local market but today we are feeling very good by selling flowers at the Gumla market.\" smiled Priti Kino and Jayanti Oraon, wives of Manu and Sanjay Oraon respectively, while plucking flowers from the field.\"If the produce is of small quantity, the Gumla market is capable of absorbing it but in case of huge production, it could be sent to Ranchi, where we own a flower shop at Ratu road,\" said Shankar Malakar, who bought Tuesday's harvest. Currently, marigold costs Rs 15 per kg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12255034", "title": "Trial in Nooriya case to start today", "text": "MUMBAI: The trial in the drunk driving case involving US national Nooriya Haveliwala is expected to commence in the sessions court on Wednesday. On January 29, 2010, Nooriya crashed her SUV, killing two people, including a constable, and injuring three others. Public prosecutor Kiran Raikar said that four witnesses have been summoned to court on Wednesday. \"The witnesses include three injured, including a policemen and another driver. The fourth witness is an officer who was present when the tests were being conducted,\" she said. - Rebecca Samervel", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12254601", "title": "Pranab\u2019s SOS to allies: Drop amendments to President address", "text": "NEW DELHI: Finance minister Pranab Mukherjee on Tuesday requested UPA partners to withdraw amendments moved by some of them to the President's address, saying the opposition could latch onto them to press for a vote that could endanger the government.Indicating that the government views BJP's potential to use the amendments submitted by allies like DMK and Trinamool Congress against the government with a great deal of seriousness, Mukherjee urged UPA partners to express themselves during their speeches.The Congress trouble-shooter might be looking to chasten allies into falling in line as it is highly unlikely for amendments to be pressed. But he also told allies that amendments to the President's address are not the norm, adding that a reverse in Lok Sabha could prove fatal for the government.The dinner itself was impacted by Trinamool chief Mamata Banerjee staying away and deputing a junior MP Ratna De instead of any minister. De was obviously under instruction to raise the demand for an economic package for West Bengal that she dutifully did with Mukherjee responding that Rs 8000 crore has been sanctioned.The finance minister had the DMK amendment asking India to support a resolution on war crimes against Tamils in Sri Lanka and Trinamool's move seeking deletion of a reference to the national counter-terrorism centre in mind. Both amendments are embarrassing for the government as the Tamils' issue has implications on ties with Colombo while the NCTC controversy can seriously sear the government with BJP waiting in the wings.BJP's plans to force a vote on any \"federal\" issue can be problematic for the government and Mukherjee's remarks when he said \"God forbid, if there is a mishap, the government can go\" reflect that worry.The dinner also saw home minister P Chidambaram explaining the finer points of the NCTC, arguing that it's provisions did not violate the rights of the states. He said he will soon be writing a three page letter to the chief ministers explaining the powers of the NCTC that is needed to better coordinate the fight against terror.The NCTC amendment has the capacity to pose a problem for the government as it is likely to draw support from a wide range of parties from Left to NDA. It was just such a coalition of interests that forced the government to abort a vote on the Lokpal bill in the winter session last year when it became evident that the Opposition version would be passed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12255714", "title": "Registration goes on smoothly at employment office", "text": "KANPUR: Despite cane-charge by the police on Monday, hundreds of youth again reached the employment office on Tuesday for getting the registration done. The crowd remained quiet. The senior administrative officials and leaders of Samajwadi Party remained present at the employment office to ease the registration process.According to senior employment officials, after the information provided by the administrative officials regarding registration and filing of unemployment forms, the rush has decreased from registration counters. There are 20 counters at employment office for collection and deposition of registration forms. Twelve were meant for girls, while eight were for boys. All these counters witnessed huge rush. Also, members of SP Lohiya Vahini, the youth brigade of Samajwadi Party helped the crowd by distributing photocopied forms for registration. With Samajwadi Party gaining power, the employment officials geared up to tackle the huge rush. Considering the high number of applicants, the employment authorities have made several changes in registration process.As per norms, those who have already registered themselves with the employment office and not renewed the applications can get the same renewed within two months of last date of renewal of the applications. After gauging the large number of applicants for registration, the employment office has increased the validity of existing registrations as well. \"It means, those who were already registered need not apply again,\" added an employment official. Talking about other changes, the officials informed that the photocopies of the registration forms will also be acceptable to avoid mismanagement during registration process. Hence, even one form can serve the purpose for many. The officials issued a couple of clarifications that were creating confusion among applicants, like there is no separate registration for availing the unemployment allowance. Also, only general registration data may be used for this purpose as well. Similarly, there is no last date for applying to get unemployment wages and there is nothing like first come first serve or limited number of vacancies or forms. \"Candidates can download and print a copy of the registration from the website of the employment office. Also, direct registration can be done at the website as well. For online registration, one can log on to 'www.sewayojan.org'. It will ease the registration process and reduce the crowd at registration counters,\" ADM (city) SK Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12255470", "title": "Bid to censure Lanka at UN puts India in a fix", "text": "NEW DELHI: India finds itself in a political bind over a UN Human Rights Council's (UNHRC) move to censure Sri Lanka for alleged rights violations during the last weeks of the war against the terror group, LTTE . Although the vote is still a few days away, it is now embroiled in domestic political compulsions of a weak UPA government since its ally DMK has openly asked the Centre to vote against Sri Lanka at the HR Council.Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has had to write a letter to DMK chief K Karunanidhi, saying efforts are on to achieve a \"forward-looking\" outcome that would avoid \"deepening confrontation and mistrust\".\"We are engaged with all parties in an effort to achieve an outcome that is forward-looking and that ensures that rather than deepening confrontation and mistrust between concerned parties, a way forward is found on issues related to accountability and reconciliation,\" Singh wrote. This came after DMK parliamentarians asked the government to clarify its stand on the resolution.On Tuesday, AIADMK and DMK forced an adjournment of the Rajya Sabha over the issue and proceedings of the Lok Sabha were also disrupted for some time as they pressed their demand for supporting US-sponsored resolution in the Geneva-based UNHRC.India has a tradition of not voting on any country-specific resolution, but it's unclear whether it would be able to explain this position to Congress's allies in Tamil Nadu. Diplomats are working overtime in the UN to take the resolution option off the table. However, this is dependent on how the western countries, particularly the US, regard the vote.As western pressure builds against Sri Lanka in the run-up to a UNHRC vote, Colombo rejected as 'malicious' and 'fabricated' a video documentary by UK's Channel 4 television.\"Sri Lanka categorically rejects the malicious allegations made by the Independent Television Network, UK, through its new Channel 4 video on Sri Lanka. Content of the video is fabricated, not being authenticated and against the universal ethics of journalism. The report is politically motivated to get more attention ahead of a vote on USD-backed UN Human Rights Council resolution for an inquiry into human rights violations by Sri Lankan forces.\"India is increasingly exasperated by Colombo's delaying tactics on getting a devolution plan working. Despite repeated promises, the Rajapakse government, according to Indian government sources, has shown no initiative to work out a political solution on the Tamils' issue.Singh told Karunanidhi that India had emphasized to Sri Lanka the importance of a genuine process of reconciliation to address grievances of Tamils, adding that New Delhi welcomed the report of Sri Lankan Lessons Learnt and Reconciliation Committee (LLRC). \"We have also emphasized the need for an independent and credible mechanism to investigate allegations of human rights violations in a time-bound manner, which has also been recommended by LLRC. Our focus on these issues with the Government of Sri Lanka will continue,\" Singh said.India had also urged Sri Lanka for early withdrawal of emergency regulations, investigations into alleged human rights violations, restoration of normalcy in affected areas and redress of humanitarian concerns of all affected families, Singh said.\"We have offered our technical, economical and financial assistance to aid this process. I would like to underline that it is as a result of our engagement with the government of Sri Lanka and our considerable assistance programme that a modicum of normalcy is beginning to return to the Tamil areas in Sri Lanka,\" the PM said. \"There has also been progress in the areas of withdrawal of emergency regulations and the conduct of local body elections in the northern province of Sri Lanka. We intend to remain engaged with the government of Sri Lanka in order to take this process forward,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12255930", "title": "Power demand touches all-time high", "text": "HYDERABAD: Demand for power continued to zoom as it crossed the 13,000 MW mark for the first time in the history of the state on Tuesday. With this, Andhra Pradesh has become the second state in the country in power consumption after Maharashtra.While the demand was 13,376 MW, the state was able to supply 11,400 MW, leading to a shortfall of 1,900 MW. The surge in temperature coupled with a rise in consumption by the agriculture sector due to the rabi season triggered the high demand, sources said. In Maharashtra, the demand has crossed 18,480 MW per day and major cities, including Mumbai, are being subjected to six to eight hours of power cuts everyday. In AP, the demand is likely to go up further due to a general rise in power consumption by 16 per cent, increase in crop area under rabi, and the long dry spell.Meanwhile, the irrigation department has issued orders to AP Transco to stop using water for power generation from Srisailam and Nagarjunasagar. This restriction, coupled with the sudden fall in inflows into these dams, has created a huge deficit in power generation and demand. To tide over the crisis, Transco is trying to purchase additional power from private players but the \"response has been lukewarm\" as there is tremendous pressure on these units from other states as well. The delay in getting Regasified Liquefied Natural Gas (RLNG) from Reliance Industries Limited's East-West pipeline under a swap agreement has also aggravated the situation. The proposed agreement between RIL and Gail has not yet taken place as both of them are still examining the proposal made by Transco.\"We are hoping the RLNG will come to the state soon. If we get 2.5 mscmd gas, then the situation will improve,\" Ajay Jain, CMD, APTransco told TOI. The gas power stations, which have more than 3300 MW capacity, are generating only 1600 MW power due to the shortage of gas from the KG basin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12256313", "title": "Varsity ropes in star alumni for ratings", "text": "MUMBAI: The University of Mumbai in a bid to \"impress\" the peer review committee of the National Accreditation and Assessment Committee (NAAC) is approaching all its illustrious alumni for an interaction. The list includes celebrities like Madhuri Dixit, cricketers Sunil Gavaskar, Dilip Vengsarkar , businessman Asit Kotecha and politician Manohar Joshi. The university is expecting 100-150 members at the Wednesday event.The three-day visit of the NAAC peer team to the university's campuses in Kalina and Fort began on Tuesday. After this, the team will submit its report and a rating will be awarded to the university.Since Mumbai University does not have an alumni association of its own, officials are also approaching celebrities through their affiliated colleges. Dilip Vengsarkar, an alumnus of R A Podar College, received a letter from the university requesting him to be present for the interaction. Vengsarkar , who has been unwell since Monday, may drop in for some time if he recovers from his bout of fever. \"I would love to be there, if I recover,\" said the 1978 batch passout.\"I took two extra years to complete my graduation in commerce, after I missed two exams due to my tours abroad. However, my professors, especially M V Chandgadkar, used to offer us extra lectures,\" said Vengsarkar, adding that Gurudas Kamath was also his classmate.Businessman Asit Kotecha , who recently donated Rs 32 crore to the university, said he would be present for the alumni interaction with the NAAC committee.The university is also trying to get in touch with Madhuri Dixit who graduated from Sathaye (Parle) College, and is an alumnus of the university. \"A couple of national-level athletes have also agreed to come for the event. We hope to see at least 100 of them,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12255704", "title": "Plea against ex-DGPs, senior cops accepted", "text": "VARANASI: The court of special judge (anti-corruption) L D Mishra on Tuesday accepted the plea of Rakshak Kalyan Trust (RKT) in which the allegations of embezzlement have been levelled on nine senior police officers including two former director generals of police - Brij Lal and Karmvir Singh.It may be recalled here that a few months back, RKT president constable Virendra Singh Yadav of Ghazipur police lines had given an application under section 156 (3) of CrPC in a lower court. In his application, Yadav had alleged that against the will of constables, the senior officers including DGPs were deducting Rs 25 from the salary of each constable per month.He had alleged that the amount had been embezzled by the same officials. However, the lower court had rejected his plea. Thereafter, Yadav had moved Allahabad High Court and succeeded in getting an order to the court concerned to file the case for hearing. As per the same order, Yadav turned up before the court of special judge (anti-corruption) on Tuesday where his plea was accepted. The court fixed March 29 as the next date for hearing. The court also directed Yadav to turn up with the copy of plea that was rejected by the lower court in the past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12253655", "title": "Mayawati assets doubled to Rs 112 crore as chief minister", "text": "LUCKNOW: Bahujan Samaj Party president Mayawati's assets doubled during her chief ministership of UP, from Rs 52 crore in 2007 to Rs 111.64 crore when she filed her nomination papers for the Rajya Sabha elections on Tuesday.In 2010, when Mayawati contested the legislative council elections again (in 2007 she had fought a byelection; hence the need to seek a re-election), she had declared total assets of Rs 88 crore. A close look reveals that she ruled for 58 months and the increase (including appreciation) in her wealth in this period was of Rs 59 crore, which amounts to a growth of Rs 1 crore per month.On Tuesday, her affidavit showed immovable assets worth Rs 96.38 crore and movable over Rs 15.26 crore. Besides Rs 10.20 lakh cash in hand, the dalit leader has around Rs 14 crore in five bank accounts, murals worth Rs 15 lakh, a revolver valued at Rs 5,390 and gold and diamond jewellery valued around Rs 96.53 lakh.Mayawati filed an income tax return of Rs 6.51 crore in 2010-11 financial year. Her immovable assets worth Rs 96.38 crore include residential and commercial buildings in Delhi and Lucknow. In Delhi, she has two commercial buildings in Connaught place. The market value of the two properties is Rs 18.84 crore.She has shown two residential buildings, one each in Delhi and Lucknow. The market value of the two assets is Rs 77.54 crore. While the commercial buildings were purchased in 2004 and 2005, the residential accommodation in upscale SP Marg, New Delhi, was bought in 2009 for Rs 54.80 crore.In fact, two residential plots have been clubbed together to form a single asset in which she has invested Rs 7.78 crore on development and construction. The residential property in Lucknow's Mall Avenue is a new addition bought in November 2010 at Rs 15.68 crore.In 2007, soon after becoming CM, Mayawati had contested legislative council byelections in June. She had then declared assets worth over Rs 52 crore. It included Rs 50.27 lakh cash, bank deposits worth Rs 12.88 lakh, jewellery worth Rs 50.87 lakh, diamonds worth Rs 50 lakh, murals worth Rs 15 lakh and a silver dinner set valued at Rs 1.12 lakh.Besides, she had also declared a residence in Lucknow worth Rs 97.42 lakh and one in Delhi worth Rs 18.02 crore apart from commercial property in Connaught Place and Okhla worth Rs 19 crore. She had no car of her own even then. In May 2010, Maya contested legislative council election again. This time her declared assets were Rs 88 crore, a gain of at least Rs 35 crore over her 2007 declaration.She had then declared cash in hand Rs 12.95 lakh, jewellery of gold and diamonds worth Rs 86.8 lakh and other valuables worth around Rs 15 lakh. The residential and commercial properties in Delhi and Lucknow were valued at Rs 73 crore. She had then as well claimed that the money came from gifts and donations from supporters. On March 15, 2010, she was felicitated by party leaders at a function by a garland made of currency notes amounting Rs 21 lakh.Going by her Tuesday's declaration, she has apparently disposed of the commercial property in Okhla and as chief minister she added two residential properties, one each in Delhi and Lucknow. In fact, in Lucknow, she has sold the residential property at Nehru Road and got a new one at Mall Avenue.There is no change in the valuables and jewellery but the collection shows her love for living it up. Although she faces charges of amassing wealth with a disproportionate assets case being probed by the CBI, the growth of her assets shows that she has got good return of investment in property. Mayawati also has liabilities of Rs 87.68 lakh in form of loans from financial institutions.However, she has not taken any life insurance policy and does not own a vehicle. She has also given details of her school and university education in the affidavit. She graduated from Kalindi College, Delhi University in 1975. She completed B.Ed from Meerut University in 1976. In 1983, she did LL.B from Delhi University. Maya has also claimed that no cognizance has been taken against her in any criminal case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12256769", "title": "National Monuments Authority clears way for HC expansion", "text": "NEW DELHI: The National Monuments Authority on Tuesday informed the Delhi high court that it has removed the roadblock preventing expansion of the HC building. The NMA told a division bench headed by Justice Pradeep Nandrajog that it has removed the anomaly arising out of a regulation in the bylaws that limits ground coverage as 25% of the area and Floor Area Ratio (FAR) at 125% of the site area.Going with the Master Plan, the authority told HC it has accepted ground coverage at 30% of the site area to be for expanded office complex and FAR at 200%. The bench then asked the Delhi HC Bar Association to meet officials in NMA for further progress in expansion of the court.Earlier, HC had asked NMA to resolve the issue after HC bar president A S Chandhiok pointed out the bar faced an uphill task in its expansion plan with the regulations in place. The NMA then submitted before HC the approved heritage bylaws which is central to any expansion plans for the court. The NMA is the sole body authorized to allow any repair or construction as per the bylaws.After HC cracked the whip, the NMA first framed bylaws for Sher Shah Gate and Khairul-Manzil as these directly affected the expansion plans of the court. The court had earlier directed all the authorities, including the ASI, to speed up the process for preparing the heritage bylaws.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12256078", "title": "Man hires gang to murder brother over land dispute", "text": "COIMBATORE: G Ramakrishnan, and his three accomplices were arrested on Tuesday for the murder of his brother Soundar Rajan, instigated by a dispute over land. Soundar Rajan's body had been fished out of Erimedu tank in Chinnavedampatti.On investigation, police managed to identify the body, which had stab injuries on the face and neck. The naked body was floating in the tank. Assailants had stripped the body of clothes to make identification difficult. Liquor bottles were also found near the crime scene.Commissioner of police TP Sundaramoorthy formed a special team led by D Suresh, inspector of police, Saravanampatti. The body was found to be that of G Soundar Rajan, 30, hailing from Thottipalayam near Saravanampatti. The accused were identified as G Ramakrishnan, 34, of Thottipalayam; A Selvaraj alias Karuppuselvam, 29, of Udayampalayam; P Balashankar alias Balaji, 21, of Ganapathy and C Babu alias Marudachalam, 27, of Nanjegoundanpudur.According to police, the two brothers agreed to sell 1.5 acres of land worth about Rs 12 lakh. Ramakrishnan received Rs 5 lakh from a third party and gave Rs 2 lakh to his brother, Soundar Rajan. When Soundar Rajan demanded more money, Ramakrishan became angry and hired a gang to murder his brother. He paid the gang Rs 50,000 for the killing.On Monday morning, Ramakrishnan asked his brother to go to a certain address in Saravanampatti if he wanted more money. Three of the accused took him drinking binge and murdered him using sharp iron rods. They also stabbed Soundar Rajan with knives.\"Soundar Rajan kept harassing his brother for money. Therefore, Ramakrishnan decided to kill him. This type of murder is very unusual in western Tamil Nadu as hired gangs are rare here,\" said Suresh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12256346", "title": "\u2018Row over clean-up marshals should not hit cleanliness\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The cleanliness of the city should not be affected because of the legal dispute over clean-up marshals, said Bombay High Court on Tuesday after it was informed that in absence of checks, littering has increased. A division bench of Justice P B Majmudar and Justice Ramesh Dhanuka was hearing intervention applications by two security agencies who appoint cleanup marshals, saying that ever since an HC bench restrained them from collecting fines, their work has come to a standstill.The applications were filed in a pending petition by the association of ready mix concrete truck owners alleging that clean-up marshals appointed by Sulabh Security are detaining their trucks for bringing mud on the road and releasing them only after they pay a fine of Rs 10,000. In February, an earlier bench questioned the BMC under what powers it has allowed a private party to collect fines and orally directed no fines shall be collected.The security agencies' advocate Sunil Dighe said cleanup marshals act as a deterrent to littering. \"Because of the legal dispute over clean-up marshals , the cleanliness of the city should not be affected. For us, cleanliness and health should be the first priority,\" said Justice Majmudar. The judges have posted the hearing to March 28.BMC's advocates V Gharpure and A Kumbhakoni said following the court's oral directions, BMC had told the agencies to stop collecting fines. The judges said no interim order has been passed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12256891", "title": "Now, farmers can get land records online", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government on Tuesday introduced the online application system for obtaining document of land records for farmers. Chief minister Ashok Gehlot launched the web portal of the project during the inauguration.Under the new system, farmers in the state can visit to the Rajiv Gandhi Vikas Kendra (RGVK) and take printouts of the records of his land after paying a fee. The document will be digitally signed and will be considered valid in the court.\"The earlier practice was to get the photocopy from the patwari and to get it attested from the tehsildar. The document, though, was not legally acceptable anywhere. Also farmers on many occasions were duped by the patwaris. Now, farmers will be free from the clutches of corrupt practices and long bureaucratic cycles,\" said R K Meena, principal secretary, revenue department.The online application will help in curbing the corruption and help more than one crore farmers in the state. To implement the project smoothly, IT department has opened kiosks at RGKV at the block levels. Along with it, modern data centers have also been created which will store all the data online and can be accessed by anyone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12256219", "title": "Adarsh scam: Will CBI arrest ex-CM, bureaucrats or file chargesheet first?", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after the Bombay High Court rapped the CBI for tardy progress in the probe into the multicrore Adarsh scam probe, the fate of former chief minister Ashok Chavan, veteran bureaucrats Jairaj Phatak and Pradeep Vyas, retired babus Ramanand Tiwari and Subhash Lala and a few senior retired military officials hangs in balance. It remains to be seen whether the CBI arrests them immediately or decides on the course of action after a chargesheet is filed. Leader of opposition in the legislative council Vinod Tawde said besides Ashok Chavan, even former chief ministers Vilasrao Deshmukh and Sushilkumar Shinde, now Union ministers, were under the CBI scanner.Though there was no response from either Deshmukh or Shinde, a senior cabinet member revealed that the CBI recorded their statements, but as witnesses. Deshmukh, Shinde and Ashok Chavan had dealt with the proposal for the construction of the 31-storey Adarsh tower. But in their affidavits before the judicial commission set up by the state to probe the scam, the three had denied their role in the allotment of land and construction of the tower, saying they had merely sanctioned the proposal submitted by bureaucrats of the departments concerned.During the hearing of the PIL filed by RTI activist Simprit Singh, the high court on Monday expressed displeasure over CBI's delay in initiating criminal proceedings against the 14 named in the Adarsh FIR. The HC was keen to know if the CBI was able to secure crucial evidence against the accused without their custodial interrogation.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has reacted cautiously on the court's observations, particularly on senior bureaucrats, Phatak and Vyas, continuing to be in government. \"We have called for all orders passed by the high court. The CBI is already probing the scam and has registered offences under the Prevention of Corruption Act. We have also set up a commission of inquiry. We will place all the fact before the law and judiciary department officials and decide on the course of action, based on their opinion,\" Chavan told TOI.Echoing him, chief secretary Ratnakar Gaikwad said once his government studied the HC order, the course of action against erring bureaucrats would be decided. \"We have asked the government pleader for all the relevant orders passed by HC. We have been told that the CBI is filing a chargesheet. Once that is done, we will take action against bureaucrats named by the CBI,\" Gaikwad said.On January 29, 2011, the central investigating agency registered an FIR against 14 people, including Ashok Chavan, former Shiv Sena legislator Kanhaiyalal Gidwani, Phatak, Vyas, Lala, Tiwari and former deputy secretary P V Deshmukh. The main charges against them are that of conspiracy , cheating, forgery for the purpose of cheating, using forged documents, abuse of official position and offences under the Prevention of Corruption Act. The CBI has claimed that when he was the revenue minister in 2000, Ashok Chavan, along with defence officer R C Thakur and Gidwani, became a member of the criminal conspiracy and proposed to include civilians as members of the society. He wanted to make his relatives members of the society meant for defence officials, the CBI claimed.As the chief minister in July 2009, Ashok Chavan granted 15% recreation ground to the society, something that was not allowed earlier by the government, said the agency, adding that in return, he got society membership for his close relatives . Pradeep Vyas, who was the collector from 2002 to 2005, connived with the other accused and accepted false documents as proof of members' income; Vyas' wife, Seema was given membership of the society , the CBI said. The agency added Phatak, as the civic chief illegally regularized additional floors without referring the proposal to the high-rise committee , while Lala and Tiwari facilitated the FSI transfer from BEST land to the society.ED filing money laundering caseThe ED is in the process of registering a case under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA) against the 14 people named in the FIR registered by the CBI in the Adarsh scam. Officials said PMLA would allow the agency to attach properties bought from proceeds of crime. The ED's decision is taken based on prima facie material found by the CBI against some accused, including serving bureaucrats , and information on the source of funds it has received from the income tax department. Following the Bombay high court's order, ED and I-T department also plan to hold a joint meeting with the CBI to speed up the probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12258986", "title": "Kingfisher cuts more flights; Mallya to meet pilots tomorrow", "text": "NEW DELHI: Beleaguered Kingfisher Airlines on Wednesday announced further reduction in its flight schedule and said its promoter Vijay Mallya will on Thursday meet pilots agitating over delayed salary.Last month the company had informed the authorities that they will be operating 140 flights daily.However, Kingfisher said that 'despite the shortage of crew' it operated 101 flights on Tuesday and will operate 101 flights on Wednesday.The airline also said it has returned wide body airbus A 330-200 aircraft to a lessor in the United Kingdom , adding that it plans to curtail international services.\"We would like to confirm that we are curtailing our wide body overseas operations that are bleeding heavily,\" the company said.It, however, did not clarify which international sectors will be affected.Maintaining that its liquidity crunch was primarily caused by tax authorities freezing its bank accounts, the airline said in a statement, \"We are also working with our bankers to realise the urgent interim working capital as approved in the Bankers Consortium meeting held on February 17.\"It added, \"Whilst many of our pilots and engineers have expressed their disappointment, we not only sincerely apologise to them but wish to advise that our Chairman will meet the pilot fraternity on Thursday, March 15 in Delhi.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12257195", "title": "Piravom\u2019s railway stations still in a shambles", "text": "KOCHI: Even as yet another railway budget whistles past Kerala on Wednesday, the hue and cry of Piravom's passengers is lost in the cacophony of election campaigns. While authorities still turn a blind eye to passengers' demands, the condition of three railway stations here remain pathetic.A couple of years ago, there was a move to close down the Kanjiramattom railway station. Railways scraped this idea after passengers protested strongly though only eight passenger trains stop at Kanjiramattom. \"Hundreds of people her depend on this railway station. Around 150 to 200 hundred passengers commute here daily. Authorities are turning a deaf ear to passenger demands,'' said Kanjiramattom resident Rajan.The railway station lacks basic infrastructure facilities. There are no basic amenities like toilets and proper lighting along the platform. \"There is no room for the station master; he is the only official here. He goes home after the morning rush. The station building is littered with pigeon droppings,\" said John, a commuter.The demand for a foot over-bridge at Mulanthuruthy station is one more neglected issue. \"People have to cross the tracks on foot and problems multiply at night. Even after years, authorities have not taken any step to bring about this bridge,\" said Fr. T P Alias. \"I commute between Mulanthuruthy and Mavelikkara everyday. The stations in between generate less revenue than Mulanthuruthy and the only exception is Kottayam. While many express trains stop at these stations, only one stops at Mulanthuruthy. As track doubling along Ernakulam-Mulanthuruthy stretch has been completed, it will not be difficult to arrange a stop for express trains here,\" he said.Similar is the case of Kureekkad station where people agitated when authorities tried to close it down. But still, the complaints raised by passengers have not been redressed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12255114", "title": "Hiray family scion head of district cooperative bank", "text": "NASHIK: Advay Hiray, a scion of the Hiray family, which has played a dominant role in Nashik politics, has been elected unopposed as the president of the Nashik District Central Cooperative ( NDCC) Bank, while Datta Gaikwad (Shiv Sena) has been elected as the vice president of the bank. Advay is a grandson of former minister Pushpatai Hiray.Earlier in the day, the election for the post of president of the bank was conducted by Nashik sub-divisional officer, Nilesh Sagar. Advay Hiray was the only candidate in the fray for the presidential post, and only Datta Gaikwad had filed papers for the post of vice-president. Hence, both Hiray and Gaikwad were elected to the posts unopposed.Meanwhile, Parvez Kokani, the outgoing chairman of the bank, claimed that he had challenged the polls in the Bombay HC. The contention was that the elections to the post are held in the first meeting after the annual general meeting (AGM) of the bank and the AGM is scheduled for August.The HC has ordered a stay on the polls and the collector will have to file an affidavit informing about the by-laws under which the elections have been conducted. However, while going to the press none of the officials could confirm about the HC order. \"Unless we have it in our hand, we cannot say anything,\" the senior official from the collectorate said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12255747", "title": "Govt to review mediclaim scheme: CM", "text": "PANAJI: The fate of the erstwhile Congress government's mediclaim scheme 'Swarnajayanti Arogya Bima Yojana' (universal mediclaim scheme) will be decided shortly.The BJP-led government's chief minister Manohar Parrikar has decided to review the previous government's universal mediclaim scheme.Speaking to mediapersons Parrikar said, \"Universal mediclaim scheme will be reviewed.\"Last year, former chief minister Digambar Kamat had launched the 'Swarnajayanti Arogya Bima Yojana' in Margao.The scheme offers up to 60,000 per annum per Goan family of five. The government also made a budgetary provision of 20 crore for the scheme.It is proposed to be a universal mediclaim scheme for the entire resident population of Goa to cover primary and secondary healthcare. Around 3.5 lakh families would be covered by the scheme.With 110 members, the Association of Private Nursing Homes in Goa (APNH) claimed membership of 99% of the private nursing homes in Goa. APNH had opposed the universal mediclaim scheme as it is not affordable for private nursing homes.\"If government calls for discussion on universal mediclaim scheme then we will participate and express our views as and when we are called,\" said Govind Kamat, spokesperson, APNH.Government had enrolled citizens who paid 100 as registration fee to avail the scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "bhoapl", "code": "12257192", "title": "Motilal Vora raises drug trial issue in RS", "text": "BHOAPL: Amid raging controversy over unethical clinical drug trials of Indore, Union health minister Gulam Nabi Azad informed the Rajya Sabha that 78 doctors, who conducted the drug trials, were under the administrative control of the Madhya Pradesh government.Replying to a question raised by Congress veteran and former chief minister Motilal Vora over the clinical trials, Azad informed the House in a written reply that Investigations by the Central Drugs Standard Control Organization ( CDSCO) into drug trials on patients of Mental Hospital, attached to the Mahatma Gandhi Medical College (MGMC) Indore, has revealed that only one case was found not having 'original informed consent forms' at the site of clinical trial. The forms were stated to be in possession of the sponsor company.The health minister said the investigations revealed that the psychiatrists attached to the MGM College had conducted 11 clinical trials between January 2008 and October 2010 at private clinics. However, the issue of bypassing institutional ethics committee was not raised.On Tuesday, four questions related to clinical drug trials, including of Madhya Pradesh, were raised in Parliament.To another question raised by Maya Singh (BJP), the Union Health Minister revealed that violation of rules relating to clinical trials on citizens for testing medicines in the country have come to the light. \"DCGI in the last 3 years since 2009 permitted clinical trials numbering 453, 505 and 271 respectively. The number of Serious Adverse Events of deaths in all clinical trials reported during 2009, 2010 and 2011, were 637, 668 and 438 respectively. In 22 cases of trial-related deaths in 2010, compensation has been paid by the sponsors or clinical research organizations.The Union minister has also informed the House that in past two years two clinical trials were conducted without the permission from the office of Drugs Controller General of India. However, no serious adverse events of death were reported to the Central Drugs Standard Control Organization (CDSCO) in these cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12257152", "title": "3 arrested in congress worker's murder case", "text": "JAIPUR: A day after cracking the murder case of a gemstone businessmen and congress worker, Rahil, the Jaipur police on Tuesday arrested three persons for allegedly conspiring the murder. Police said the four contract killers behind the crime were absconding and a police team was chasing them.Preliminary investigation suggests that apart from business rivalry as the motive, one of the arrested accused Meghraj was allegedly involved in trade of elephant tusks in the Amber locality and Rahil came to know about it. For the fear that Rahil might divulge his secret to the police, since Meghraj was also active in Congress, he was eliminated.On Tuesday, Jaipur police arrested three persons including Meghraj, the main conspirator of the murder, who had hired some contract killers from Uttar Pradesh to eliminate Rahil.Commissioner of Police, BL Soni said one of the arrested accused was identified as Shahjaad, who provided logistic support to the assailants. \"Both Meghraj and Shahjaad were arrested on charges of criminal conspiracy (120-B of IPC) while one Umar was arrested for executing the murder of Rahil and was booked under section 302 of IPC,\" Soni added.Asked if the police have made any breakthrough in chasing the contract killers in Muzaffarnagar and Bulandshehar, a senior officer said there were no concrete clues yet. \"The Jaipur police have so far raided half-a-dozen locations but the accused were not found. There are a few clues from the Uttar Pradesh police and hopefully they would be arrested soon,\" the officer added.Police added that Umar on the day of murder had gone to Rahil's residence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12254821", "title": "Health minister too sidesteps HC judgment on gay sex", "text": "NEW DELHI: The health ministry on Tuesday followed the footsteps of the home ministry in not questioning the Delhi High Court judgment decriminalizing Section 377 of IPC but apprised the Supreme Court that men having sex with men (MSM) group was among the categories with high risk of contracting HIV.On a day when a bench comprising Justices G S Singhvi and S J Mukhopadhay heard arguments from senior advocate Fali S Nariman defending the HC judgment, the ministry filed its affidavit placing data about high risk groups and preventive steps being taken by the government through National AIDS Control Organization about spread of HIV.The affidavit, settled by additional solicitor general Mohan Jain, said, \"According to the Expert Group on Size Estimation of Population with High Risk Behaviour for NACP-III Planning (2006), the population of MSM was estimated to be 25 lakh in India. It was further estimated that 10% of this population (that is 2.5 lakh) is especially at risk of HIV and should be brought under interventions.\"The ministry said NACO's efforts were concentrated on reaching the maximum number of people belonging to the high risk group through targeted interventions, preventive measures, care and support. \"An exercise of size estimation has been carried out in all states to identify the hotspots and assess the size of high risk population for prevention interventions,\" it said.\"Currently, as a result of this exercise, number of high risk MSM group to be targeted is estimated to be over 4 lakh. As on date, the programme has reached around 2.7 lakh high risk MSM through various projects and efforts are on to reach the remaining,\" it added.According to the data given by the ministry, Maharashtra had the highest number of MSM people, estimated at 99,533 followed by Gujarat (47,645), Andhra Pradesh (43,731), Tamil Nadu (38,505), Delhi (28,999), Kerala (25,633), Karnataka (24,096) and West Bengal (20,825).The ministry said the HIV estimates for 2009 highlighted an overall reduction of HIV prevalence, HIV incidence (new infections) as well as deaths due to AIDS-related causes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12255513", "title": "Anti-GM lobby banks on Didi to stall bill", "text": "KOLKATA: The lobby against introduction of genetically modified crops in the country is banking heavily on chief minister Mamata Banerjee to stall the introduction of Biotechnology Regulatory Authority of India (BRAI) Bill, 2011. The controversial bill is expected to be tabled in the Budget session of Parliament.\"Mamata Banerjee's stand on the issue is extremely crucial, not just as a key member of the Manmohan Singh government, but also because she heads the government in a state that is agriculturally very important. Getting a leading agricultural state on board the anti-BRAI team is important,\" Greenpeace India activist Rajesh Krishnan said on Tuesday.On Monday, Greenpeace India volunteer and Jadavpur University student Natasha Upadhyay met Mamata at her residence.They handed her a vegetable bouquet and urged her to write to the Centre to stop the BRAI bill from being tabled in the current form, reminding her of the impending danger that food, farming and environment of the state faces.The BRAI Bill, 2011 (1) was listed for introduction both during the monsoon and winter sessions last year, but had to be stalled because of the opposition in and outside Parliament. The bill is expected to create a single-window clearance system that will lower the bar for approval of genetically modified crops which are in a controversy around the world owing to the potential dangers they pose to human health, environment and livelihoods dependent on farming.Though Mamata's unpredictable nature makes her a difficult bet to fall back on any issue, Krishnan felt she would shoot the bill down as it trampled on the state's right over farming. \"She has blocked the Teesta river accord with Bangladesh because the state wasn't consulted. She stopped the formation of National Counter Terrorism Centre and devolution of more powers to RPF as an infringement on the state's rights. It is the same with BRAI. Agriculture, after all, is a local and provincial problem and should not have central intervention,\" he said.Though state law minister Moloy Ghatak could not attend the national legal conference on the controversial bill that was held at National University of Juridical Sciences on Tuesday, he told TOI that the Bengal government felt the BRAI bill attempted to override the power of the state in the decision-making process regarding GM crops.\"Agriculture and public health, both impacted by GM crops, are under the state list in our Constitution and state government should have the decision making power on whether to permit such technologies in their states,\" Ghatak added.Incidentally, the state Cabinet's recommendations on the land policy in 2011 called for ban on use of GM seeds, a position supported by the agricultural directorate in January 2012. In the past, attempts had been made to illegally do field trials of GM crops in Bengal, including BT brinjal, rice, okra and tomato in Bansphul village of Ashoknagar in North 24-Parganas in 2006; boro in Shyambaser Chak in Kulpi, South 24-Parganas in 2007; and ladies finger in Haringhata, Nadia the same year.\"As of now, 72 GM crops are officially undergoing field trials in India. Another 100 field trials have been approved by 16 states. West Bengal is not one of them. Yet there is a surreptitious attempt to undertake field trials here,\" said agricultural scientist Anupam Paul, a key member of State Agriculture Science &amp; Technologists Association.Tushar Chakraborty, senior scientist at Indian Institute of Chemical Biology, said the attempt to push GM was designed to take the attention away from the failures of the green revolution. \"Whether it will open a road to heaven or gateway to hell, both pro- and anti-GM camps agree to one thing: it will profoundly affect human lives,\" he said.Agreed Sridhar Radhakrishnan, convener of GM Free India Coalition. \"We are all aware how green revolution has been an environmental catastrophe. Genetic engineering, a disruptive technology, can be worse as it cannot be recalled. The withdrawal syndrome will be severe,\" he said.Critiquing the BRAI from a legal, constitutional and democratic perspective,Supreme Court lawyer Ritwick Dutta said, \"The BRAI bill is fundamentally wrong as it does not clearly abide by the international biosafety laws under the Cartegena protocol that India is a signatory to.\"The bill does not follow the precautionary principle when dealing with inherently risky technologies like GMOs and falters on the issue of liability. The clauses on liability are purposefully ambiguous so that biotech companies are not held accountable for any violations or biohazards committed on Indian soil,\" he pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12255249", "title": "Confusion over University of Mumbai\u2019s 8-yr rule", "text": "MUMBAI: Several hundreds of engineering students, who were affected by the University of Mumbai's mandate to clear their course within eight years, are still in the dark. Despite university's management council lifting the mandate two months ago, students have still not been informed about their examination schedule. In a recent circular issued by the university, the norm which makes it mandatory for students to clear it within eight years of enrolment has been lifted.A student from a Navi Mumbai college, who was not allowed to appear for his exam in November last year due to the sudden implementation of the rule, said, \"We have been approaching the college authorities regularly. But they have not received any communication from the university. We have already missed an attempt in November. If they do not declare the exam dates now, we will miss a whole year.\" Students claim colleges are not even aware of the circular, which was uploaded on the varsity website on February 29. Another student said, \"Exam dates for regular students have already been announced for the May-June schedule. When does the university plan to conduct the examinations for us?\"An official from the examination board said the university's registrar office is yet to decide on the exam schedule for students who were affected by the policy last year. However, S K Ukrande, dean of technology, said colleges have already been informed about the decision. \"Students will be allowed to appear for the exam in the May-June session. Dates will be announced soon,\" said Ukrande.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12254962", "title": "Five held for trader\u2019s murder", "text": "MUMBAI: The city crime branch arrested five persons involved in the murder of the owner of Bharat Steel Traders and his cousin in July last year, contradicting earlier claims by the local police of having arrested the perpetrators.On July 6 last year, four people entered the company premises and tried to loot the place. They slapped an employee, Deepak Pawar, who fell. When the owner, Lalchand Vishnoi, tried ton intervene, one of the robbers shot him. They also shot Vishnoi's cousin Ratna Ram and fled. Both died later.At a press conference in August last year, the VP Road police had claimed that Pawar was the mastermind. However, the crime branch refuted this claim. DCP Anil Kumbhare had said that Pawar instructed the miscreants to slap him before the burglary so that he wouldn't be a suspect. Pawar was arrested and the local police said that he confessed to having planned to rob his employer.On Tuesday, the crime branch claimed to have cracked the case with the arrest of five persons. Crime branch unit 3, led by inspector Prakash Marde, arrested Govindatta Rajput alias Rajan (27), Nausheb Rahman Khan (26), Mohammed Sanjar Alam (28), Rabiullah Khan (30) and Mohammed Shakeel Khan (20). They also recovered two country-made pistols and eight live cartridges from the accused.The local police had claimed that Pawar tipped off the two shooters, Rajesh and Santosh. But the crime branch said there was no Rajesh or Santosh. \"Four people entered the office while three waited outside. When Vishnoi tried to stop them, they fired and fled. The accused hail from different parts of Uttar Pradesh. We are checking their background,\" said Himanshu Roy, joint commissioner of police (crime). The crime branch officials also said they were looking for two more accused, Gopal Thakur and Dharmendra.DCP Kumbhare was unavailable for comment. Senior inspector of V P Road police station, S Chavan, said, \"Our investigations show that Pawar tipped them off. There is a possibility that those arrested may be Pawar's associates. We will inquire into it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12256164", "title": "Physios are not doctors, says IMA", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Indian Medical Association is against physiotherapists in the state calling themselves as doctors.IMA leaders told chief minister Oommen Chandy that such practice was illegal and liable to punishment under the Medical Council of India Act and Criminal Law.\"There are no guidelines that limit a health professional in using the prefix Dr. with his or her name. Hence we want the government to issue an order making it compulsory that 'Dr' prefix should be used only by registered medical practitioners. We have found that a major chunk of physiotherapists are using the 'Dr' prefix flouting the MCI norms. There have been court verdicts that prevented physiotherapists using the prefix 'Dr','' said J Rajagopalan Nair, president, Kerala chapter, IMA.\"Paramedical technicians trained to assist the physicians in providing physical manoeuvres to their patients are called physiotherapists. Physiotherapists are not allowed to treat the patient independently anywhere in the world,\" said Nair.Physiotherapists, however, argue. \"We are providing treatment without using medicines but by physical means. It has been approved by the World Health Organization . We are also studying our degree course for four-and-a-half years, the post-graduation for two years. So how can be we considered as a second battalion to the doctors who practise with medicine,\" asks Sreejith M Namboothiri, secretary, Thiruvananthapuram chapter of Indian Physiotherapists Association.\"Even the 'Dr' prefix can be used only by those who are awarded PhD by a university. The MBBS graduates using the 'Dr' prefix can also be challenged legally. The issue has now come up before the high court and we are waiting for the verdict,\" said Sreejith.The state government has decided to come with a paramedical council and the IMA now wants to bring the physiotherapists under this council. \"We have also sought the government for a separate council for us,\" said Sreejith.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12255860", "title": "Real Rancho's glory restored after century of neglect", "text": "AHMEDABAD: When the legendary Raja Ravi Varma made a lifesize portrait of Rai Bahadur Ranchodlal Chotalal - first Indian president of Ahmedabad municipality - he took pains to even paint the capillaries in his eyes. No one had noticed this when the portrait hung in Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation's headquarters at Danapith for close to a century. No one even knew that an original Raja Ravi Varma, worth crores in the international art market, was in the AMC's possession all this while.A century on, the painting is finally being restored to its original glory with the help of experts.\"The restoration work is a painstaking process and involves cleaning several layers of dust that have gathered over the painting. Since Raja Ravi Varma never covered his painting, the art work was exposed to the natural elements for long time,\" says a senior official of the AMC .Varma made the portrait in 1900 after Ranchhodlal's death in 1898.Members of an artists' guild who had visited AMC's heritage museum last year, had noticed Varma's signature at the bottom of the painting. It was one of four portraits Varma made of Amdavadis and were considered missing.Although it is difficult to put a value on the painting, Varma's work 'Himalayan Beauty' went to a private European buyer for $266,500 (Rs 1.37 crore) during a Sotheby's auction in September last year. This was 78 per cent higher that than its original estimate.As the city's municipality president, he laid common water supply lines and the country's first drainage lines in 1883, making him the first 'Rancho', the innovative character Aamir Khan plays in '3 Idiots'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12256446", "title": "After erasing wrinkles, botox jab to fix bladders", "text": "LONDON: Botox, best known for smoothing out facial wrinkles, could be an effective treatment for women suffering from overactive bladder syndrome, scientists have claimed. Researchers at Leicester University in the UK found that injecting a small quantity of the toxic directly into the wall of the bladder improves symptoms in women who too often hear the call of the bathroom.It halved the numbers of times when women with moderate to severe urinary incontinence urgently needed the lavatory, or ended up having a little accident, the researchers found.It also cut the number of times they needed the bathroom by a quarter, they said.Dr Douglas Tincello, who led the study, said: \"Overactive bladder syndrome is a relatively common health issue which affects up to a fifth of women aged 40 and over.\"\"The study hopefully means much better treatment for this condition which can severely impact on quality of life and cause women considerable embarrassment,\" Dr Tincello was quoted as saying by the Daily Tlegraph. The study was carried out at eight urogynaecology centres in the UK from 2006 to 2009, involving of 240 women having the bladder problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12256914", "title": "Bandh: High court notice to Bhuria", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh high court has issued notice to state Congress president Kantilal Bhuria on a Public Interest Litigation (PIL) regarding the Tuesday's Congress sponsored state-wide bandh in the light of a previous HC order banning bandhs, hartals and strike that disrupt normal life.A bench comprising acting chief justice Sushil Harkauli and justice Vimla Jain issued the notice to Kantilal Bhuria, asking him to file reply within four weeks, on the PIL filed by Nagarik Upabhokta Margadarshak Manch president Dr P G Najpande.Opposition Congress had called for a state-wide bandh on Tuesday in protest against the killing of an IPS officer Narendra Kumar Singh in Morena district and to press for a thorough probe into alleged illegal mining activities across the state.Petitioner Dr Najpande told TOI that in January this year the state high court, in a landmark decision, had ruled that organising bandh, hartals and strike that disrupt normal public life was not a \"fundamental right\" and political parties and others are liable to pay compensation for the damages caused to public and private properties during such agitations.He said he moved the court as Tuesday's bandh went against the spirit of the high court's order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12255799", "title": "Hasan Ali's anticipatory bail plea rejected", "text": "PUNE: The anticipatory bail plea of Hasan Ali Khan, the main suspect in a money laundering and tax evasion case, was rejected by additional sessions judge A P Khurekar on March 6, for allegedly furnishing false information while renewing his passport here in 2004.Khan, who had been arrested by the Enforcement Directorate in March 2011, is at present at the Arthur Road jail in Mumbai.In December 2011, the Pune passport office had lodged a complaint against him for cheating and forgery and Khan had moved the district and sessions court seeking bail in the case. The complaint had stated that while applying for renewal of his passport in Pune, Khan had deliberately not disclosed the fact that he had two other passports in his name.Khan's lawyer, Alankar Karlekar, told the court that his custodial interrogation was not essential as the case had been registered against him after a span of seven years. Karlekarpleaded for bail as Khan had already obtained anticipatory bail for similar offences in Mumbai and Patna.Opposing the bail plea, aAdditional public prosecutor Vikas Shah argued that there was prima facie evidence against Khan to attract provisions of forgery and other offences. Shahprayed that the bail plea be rejected as the police was in the process of seeking Khan's custody from the jail.Considering the prosecution's plea, judge Khurekar rejected the bail plea while observing that Khan was involved in several crimes including economical offences and feared that he may tamper with the evidence if released on bail.According to the passport office's complaint, Khan had approached the Pune passport office in November 2004 to renew his temporary passport, which he had obtained from the Indian High Commission in London in 2003. The Pune office issued him a passport on December 12, 2004.While obtaining the passport in London, Khan had told the Indian High Commission there that he had lost his passport and did not know its number.He had also furnished false residential proof to obtain the passport. He had mentioned his residential address as Banjara Hills, Hyderabad. Investigations revealed that the address given by Khan was that of his first wife, Mehboobnisa Begum. Khan was not staying at the address as he had divorced her in 1999. He had also not given information about previous passports, which he had obtained from passport offices in Patna, Chandigarh and Guwahati.The case against Khan was registered under sections 420 (cheating), 467 (forgery of valuable security) and 468 (forgery for purpose of cheating) of the Indian Penal Code, and sections 10(3) and 12(1) of the Indian Passport Act, 1967.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12256647", "title": "Advocates refuse to budge", "text": "Defying fervent pleas from high court chief justice Vikramajit Sen to shun the path of agitation, the Advocates' Association of Bangalore (AAB) on Tuesday decided to continue their indefinite boycott of courts.\"We have decided to continue with our strike. There was suggestion from the Dharwad Bar Association to suspend the stir for a short period, but members did not agree to this. So we decided to continue with the agitation,\" said AAB president K N Subba Reddy. He also said that on Wednesday, AAB office-bearers will join their comrades sitting on a relay fast at the Civil Court complex.AAB office-bearers called on the chief justice in the morning. Sen once again asked them to drop their agitation. Later, an AAB general body meeting was held at the Civil Court complex where it was decided that the boycott will continue.While the strike crippled work in civil and magistrate courts, proceedings remained normal in the high court.Lawyers' attendance improved further. The two bar association halls and canteens that were closed last two days also opened on Tuesday.Proceedings were normal in Dharwad and Gulbarga circuit benches of the high court, as well as courts elsewhere in the state. The AAB on Monday announced that its stir will be confined to Bangalore.PILs coming up todayA host of PILs, including the one filed by the AAB relating to the March 2 violence, has been listed on Wednesday before the division bench headed by the CJ. The AAB in its petition has claimed there was biased coverage of the violence in the media, designed to create aversion among people about the advocates' community.The advocates' association also claimed that media and police personnel burnt many lawyers' cars/vehicles in the afternoon.It has sought for a direction to the media to telecast CDs in its possession depicting police brutality on innocent advocates.However, the chief justice has indicated that he may not hear the matter, if members of AAB continued to stay away from the courts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12256767", "title": "Man pulls at frond on live wire, dies", "text": "BANGALORE: A 55-year-old food inspector who wanted to pull a dry coconut frond that had fallen on an overhead electric wire from the rooftop of his house, was electrocuted on Tuesday morning.R Hanumathaiah, working in the food and civil supplies department, went atop his two-storey house at HVR Layout in Govindarajanagar, Kamakshipalya, at the crack of dawn. He noticed a dry frond had fallen from the coconut palm and was lying on the live wire. Hanumanthaiah tried to pull the frond, but was electrocuted.His wife, son and daughter heard his screams and rushed to the rooftop to find him dead. \"He would go for a morning walk every day. Earlier on Monday, he told us about the branch and wanted to remove it. He went to the terrace the next morning before going for his walk,\" family members told police.\"It is surprising to see that Hanumantaiah, despite being educated and knowing the risk of touching anything lying on a live wire, held on to the coconut frond,\" Kamakshipalya police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12256112", "title": "State tops country death rate as well as decline", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Though Odisha's death rate of around nine is the highest in the country, a government analysis of sample registration system (SRS) findings on Tuesday point out the fall in the state's mortality rate is among the fastest as well.Death rate is the number of deaths per 1,000 of the population. The SRS findings for the year 2010 released recently pegged the average national death rate at 7.2, compared to 7.5 in 2004, registering a 0.3% fall. Odisha topped the list with a death rate of 8.6. The drop in death rate of the state was 0.9% in the corresponding period. Only Bihar , recording a 1.3% decline in death rate, and Uttarakhand at 1.1% fall were better than Odisha, the government said.\"The achievements are significant though we still have a long way to match the national average,\" said director health services Dr Upendra Sahoo.Odisha's death rate is declining steadily. The decline was 0.2% in 2,000, 0.1% in 2007 and 0.2% in 2008. Besides the overall fall in death rate, the government said there was similar acceleration in fall of maternal mortality, infant mortality and birth rate in the state compared to the national average.The birth rate in Odisha at 20.5 per 1,000 of the population, registered a 1.8% fall compared to the national average decline of 1.7 points.Maternal mortality rate, which was 303 per one lakh mothers during 2004-06, came down to 258 in 2007-09. The decline is 45 points in comparison to 42 points decline in the country. Odisha's infant mortality rate of 61 per 1,000 births is among the country's highest. It was 97 in 2000. The decadal fall by 30 point is the maximum decline in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "12259121", "title": "Android tablets to beat iPad in sales by 2015: IDC", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Tablet shipments will increase this year by a better-than-predicted 54 per cent as Amazon.com Inc's lower-priced challenge to Apple Inc's iPad stokes awareness of the devices, International Data Corp. said.IDC, a research company that tracks technology sales, boosted its estimate for global tablet shipments in 2012 by 21 per cent to 106.1 million after sales last year rose more than it anticipated. A total of 68.7 million units were sold in 2011, Framingham, Massachusetts-based IDC said in a statement.Amazon's Kindle Fire, which started shipping in November and costs less than half the price of Apple's cheapest iPad, increased tablet adoption industrywide, said Tom Mainelli, a research director at IDC. Amazon shipped 4.7 million Kindle Fires in the fourth quarter, giving it 16.8 per cent of the market and putting it in the No. 2 spot behind Apple, IDC said.\"Products across the pricing spectrum sold well,\" Mainelli said in the statement. \"Amazon's widely reported entry into the media tablet market with a $199, 7-inch product seemed to raise consumers' awareness of the category worldwide.\"Apple, based in Cupertino , California , shipped 15.4 million units in the quarter, compared with 11.1 million in the previous three months, seeing its market share slip to 54.7 per cent from just more than 61 percent, according to IDC.Android tablets Lower-priced vendors such as Seattle-based Amazon, whose Kindle Fire runs on Google Inc's Android operating system, will help Android-based tablets overtake Apple in unit sales by 2015, IDC said. Android, used by multiple manufacturers, made up 44.6 per cent of the tablet market in the fourth quarter, up from 32.3 per cent in the previous three months, the researcher said.Estimates for Kindle Fire shipments have differed among analysts and research firms. IHS Inc. (IHS) projected almost a million fewer than IDC -- 3.89 million -- last month, indicating the Fire grabbed a 14 percent share in the fourth quarter.Amazon hasn't released sales figures for any of its Kindle devices beyond saying in January that units sold in the nine- week period ending Dec. 31 increased 177 per cent from the same time the previous year. The Seattle-based company said the Kindle Fire was the best-selling item on its site at the time.Ross Sandler, an analyst at RBC Capital Markets, has predicted 3 million to 4 million Kindle Fire unit sales in the fourth quarter, while Jordan Rohan at Stifel Nicolaus &amp; Co projected as many as 6 million, and Anthony DiClemente at Barclays Capital pegged shipments at 5 million. All three analysts are based in New York.\"It's really difficult to get an actual number,\" said Brian Nowak, an analyst at Nomura Securities in New York , who estimates Amazon sold about 5 million Kindle Fires in the fourth quarter. \"You talk to the different suppliers and you read through what IDC and all those guys say, but it is hard.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12256961", "title": "Elderly couple charred to death in hut", "text": "INDORE: In a shocking incident, an old couple reportedly burnt alive when their hut caught fire at Prabhu Nagar area of the city on Monday midnight. Police are yet to identify the deceased.Police said that the blaze started in the lone shanty when the couple was fast asleep. It is said that the hut caught fire at around 1.30 am on Tuesday. As soon as people noticed the fire engulfing the hut, they informed police and fire brigade about the incident.By the time the Annapurna police and fire tenders reached to the spot, the couple had already died. Though the fire tenders doused the fire, their bodies were charred beyond recognition. Police sent the remains of the bodies, mainly bones, to district hospital for post-mortem.City SP Dilip Singh Tomar said that the reason for the fire and the identity of the couple could be ascertained only after a proper investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12255912", "title": "SIT submits details of Zakia report", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Supreme Court-appointed SIT on Tuesday submitted to the magisterial court all the documents related to its final report on Zakia Jafri's complaint against chief minister Narendra Modi and 62 others in connection with the 2002 riots.More than 20,000 papers constitute the annexure of SIT's 550-page final report and the documents were brought to the metropolitan court campus by the Investigating Officer Himanshu Shukla, who was accompanied by SIT counsel R S Jamuvar. The papers were brought in five big trunks. As the trunks were brought to court no 11, metropolitan magistrate M S Bhatt had a look at the evidence and ordered it to be put in lock and key.After SIT submitted summary of its report in February, the court asked the probe agency to supply all related documents by March 15. The court also refused to part with the report on various occasions on the ground that it was incomplete. SIT has been strongly objecting to various petitions filed demanding copy of the report. The court is to take a decision on Thursday on an application demanding the report to be made public.Sources in the SIT said that the report contained the opinion of SIT member A K Malhotra along with the report of amicus curie Raju Jamachandran and statements of suspended IPS Sanjiv Bhatt. \"It is neither in a form of a charge sheet, nor a closure report. We have supplied all the documents with our findings and it is up to the court to reach to a conclusion,\" they said. Sources also said Jafri complained against 35 police officers for not protecting the riot victims and they were promoted by the state government later. SIT has probed in this regard besides the role played by the accused persons, including Modi. Malhotra has opined that certain officials had played mischief.SIT submitted the report to the magisterial court as per the SC directions issued on September 11 last year. SC had asked SIT to look into Jafri's complaint after the Gujarat DGP did not take her complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12255756", "title": "Panchayat polls likely by May 5", "text": "PANAJI: While supporters of political parties are yet to recover from assembly election fever, they have to be once again on their toes to battle for their panels in the panchayat elections which are likely to be held in the last week of April or first week of May.In a letter to the directorate of panchayats, the state election commission has recommended panchayat elections in the last week of April or first week of May. \"We have moved the file to the government with the recommendation of the state election commission,\" said Menino D'Souza, director of panchayats.The new panchayat bodies have to be in place by May 19. Elections will be held for 1,483 wards in 185 village panchayats.In the last election, 12% seats were reserved for Schedule Tribes (ST) community, 19.5% for other backward classes (OBC) and 33% for women. The directorate of panchayats has also sought advice from the law department whether to have a 50% cap on reservations in each panchayat.Similarly, the department has also sought advice whether it is mandatory to have rotation of reserve seats.\"We have sought advice from the law department on two issues - one on reservation cap and second on rotation of reserve seats and we are waiting for a reply,\" added D' Souza. He further said that the verification of delimitation of wards is in the final stage and possibly it would be completed by the end of this week. \"Elections for Taleigao, Alorna, Chandel-Hassapur and Casarvanem village panchayats will be scheduled later as they are not due along with other panchayats,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "12256763", "title": "Suspected criminals killed", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Two suspected criminals were killed in a road accident in Gitilata, under Potka police station and about 20km from here, in the wee hours of Tuesday. They were riding a motorcycle - apparently with the intention of looting truck drivers on the Tata-Hata road - and were ironically crushed under the wheels of a speeding truck.One of the victims has been identified as 35-year-old Gurudayal Singh, a resident of Traffic Colony in Burmamines, while the full identity of the other has not yet been ascertained. \"Gurudayal has been jailed in the past. We have also recovered a knife and a toy gun from the site of the accident,\" said Ghatshila sub-divisional police officer Naresh Kumar. He also said the registration number of the two-wheeler was fake.Earlier on Tuesday, the officer in-charge of Potka police station, VP Singh, had concluded that there was nothing irregular about the incident, but following preliminary investigation, the SDPO said one of the deceased had past criminal record.Further investigation into the matter is in progress and both bodies have been sent to the MGM Hospital for post mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12256089", "title": "City infrastructure majors scouting for safe heavens", "text": "HYDERABAD: Home-grown mega infrastructure companies that had once made inroads into markets such as Afghanistan, Kyrgyzstan or even the Middle East, are now on their way back. Unsettled by the many political and civil crises that have rattled these countries over the last few years, infra majors say they are wary of continuing operations there. Instead, India is a safer option for them as are locations in countries such as Africa or even Sri Lanka.One of the biggest infrastructure firms from Hyderabad that plunged into Afghanistan as early as 2003 is BSCPL Infrastructure Limited. While they started with a modest Rs 150 crore road project in collaboration with another company, BSCPL soon shot to profitable heights and signed works worth a whopping Rs 1200-1300 crore there. And though the company is still building the Indian Embassy and Parliament in Afghanistan (both together worth Rs 800 crore), it is in no mood to carry on once this assignment is complete. The project is expected to get over by 2013.\"There are a lot of security issues and we are not getting the kind of protection that we would have wanted from the Afghanistan government,\" said Bollineni Seenaiah, managing director of BSCPL adding, \"We did build several roads there. Now, however, we have decided to give such tenders a miss.\"Industry analysts note that between 2002 and 2005 at least half a dozen mega infra groups from India, especially from Andhra Pradesh , made a dash for Afghanistan for two reasons: better opportunities and higher returns as the government had earmarked crores for rebuilding the country. Those like BSCPL or even Gurgaon-based C&C; Constructions laid vast stretches of roads and railway tracks in the country. \"There were also those who ventured into Iran and Iraq in the past. Such was their presence that it will not be incorrect to say that a good percentage of the infrastructure in these countries is built by Indian firms. Now things are different. The political disturbances have forced people back,\" said an industry expert.Predictably, Suchirindia, a major player in the city's infrastructure circuit, has now put its multi-crore venture in Kyrgyzstan in cold storage. The firm, about a year ago, had signed up to build a Rs 650-crore worth 'diplomatic city' there in collaboration with the Kyrgyzstan government. \"But considering the poor law and order situation, we are not willing to go ahead with the project right now,\" confirmed Y Kiron Kumar, the firm's founder and chief executive officer. Suchirindia's project in Kuwait too is in jeopardy following a recent political upheaval in the local parliament. The infra major was set to construct an integrated township there valued at a neat Rs 420 crore. \"Instead, we are now focusing on Colombo. Though the economy in this country, in comparison, is slow at present, we envisage it'll pick up over the next few years,\" the CEO said.In fact, firms like Ramky Infrastructure Ltd are currently focusing their projects in the African countries of Kenya and Nigeria among others. Ramky has operations in Vietnam and never ventured into Afghanistan. \"One has to be overly careful while treading international shores. If there is a proper risk-management programme in place, it is not difficult to survive anywhere,\" said Alla Ayodhya Rami Reddy, chairman of the company.IVRCL Limited too plans to stick to the \"safe havens\" of Nepal , Sri Lanka and even Africa. Pointing out how the crises in countries like Afghanistan have led to a severe non-availability of employees, E Sudhir Reddy, chief managing director of the company said, \"Nobody these days wants to venture to such countries when you have similar or even better opportunities waiting at home. For us, these places were always off the radar.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12256306", "title": "11 lakh households have no electricity, 85% of rural India uses firewood as fuel", "text": "NEW DELHI: Barely one in every ten households in rural Bihar and two-thirds of houses in the state's urban areas use electricity to light their houses, Census 2011 figures reveal.Just over half of rural India uses electricity as its main source of lighting, an increase of 12% over 2001. If that seems heartening, the data also shows that 43% of rural households still use kerosene to light their houses, implying that the kerosene subsidy may not be as pointless as some would suggest. In urban India , the spread of electricity is more complete , with 93% of households using electricity as their primary source of light.Perhaps the most depressing statistic on this count is that there are still 11 lakh households in India with no source of lighting whatsoever. That is a number slightly larger than the number of households using solar lighting.Data on the other major use of fuels, that is cooking, shows an even less modern picture, with over 85% of rural India still using firewood, crop residue or cow dung as its primary source of fuel for cooking. Even in urban India, the proportion of those using LPG is under twothirds.The proportion of families in urban India using kerosene for cooking has been reduced to almost a third of the 2001 figure over the last decade. But 20% of urban Indians too still use firewood for cooking. For urban and rural areas put together, the proportion of those using kerosene as the primary cooking fuel has come down from 6.5% to 2.9% over the last 10 years.In Bihar and Orissa, the spread of LPG lags far behind the rest of the country , with less than 10% of households in both states using LPG.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12255287", "title": "Cops bust gang, seize goods worth near Rs 5 lakh", "text": "NASHIK: Nashik Police busted a burglar gang that was engaged in house-breaking incidences in the city and seized a cache of goods worth Rs 4.87 lakh.According to police sources of unit-1, the accused Ganesh Bhandare, who is a resident of Jagtap Wadi in Satpur, was a scrap- collector.In course of his daily business of scrap-collecting, Bhandare would scope out niche areas of the city and identify targets to be raided in the night. Working on tip-offs, police inspector Arun Bhamre and assistant police inspector SV Ahirrao, followed Bhandare and picked him up while he was taking his usual rounds in the Mahatma Nagar area.During interrogation, Bhandare broke down and confessed, revealing the names of his accomplices - Sunil Anarthe, Mukesh Patil and Munna Shaikh, who used to act along with him, based on information he had accumulated regarding neighborhoods and targets that were to be burgled.The gang also informed the police about their victims and crime locations. Following the arrest of the gang, police seized the goods and ornaments that had been stolen. The gang has reportedly executed 10 house break-ins across Nashik city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "12256720", "title": "Car lifter dies while fleeing", "text": "HAZARIBAG: A car thief was killed on the spot and three of his accomplices were injured early on Tuesday morning near Jabra on NH 100 under the Hazaribag Mufassil police station while fleeing with a vehicle.Police said the four criminals entered the home of A Qureshi early on Tuesday, and after breaking the lock of the vehicle, fled with it. \"Qureshi informed the Hazaribag Sadar police about the theft. The police stations on NH 33 and NH 100 were alerted and soon the car was located at a petrol pump on the outskirts of Hazaribag,\" police sources said.Chased by police, the criminals drove towards Bishnugarh on NH 100. In the process, the driver, who was identified as Fakhre Hassan, lost balance and hit a tree. He died on the spot while one of the four managed to escape. The other two were unconscious when police rescued them and admitted to Hazaribag Sadar Hospital. The Mufassil police, who continued intensive checking of vehicles, succeeded in arresting Aman - the man who had fled.Police are trying to know the names of the other members of the gang.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12257172", "title": "'Jurisdiction of civil courts needed to help sr citizens'", "text": "PUNE: Lawyers participating in a seminar on maintenance of senior citizens on Tuesday stated that cases filed under the law to administer maintenance of senior citizens should come in the jurisdiction of civil courts instead of sub-divisional magistrates.This will help create awareness among public regarding the Supreme Court ruling of 2007 that led to framing of the law, they said. \"Due to a lack of awareness, there have been just two cases lodged by senior citizens under the maintenance law in the city,\" said Rajendra Anbhule, advocate in Bombay High Court.The seminar was organized by the International Longevity Centre - India with the support of National Institute of Social Defence, Ministry of Social Justice and Empowerment and in collaboration with Bharati Vidyapeeth University's New Law College.Under the Maintenance and Welfare of Parents and Senior Citizens Act, 2007, children are obligated to maintain and provide for their parents and senior citizens. Maintenance includes providing food, shelter, medical attendance and clothing.Anbhule attributed several reasons for the law's lack of success. He said, \"Cases filed under this Act (Section 17) prohibit advocates to intervene. Absolute power is given to sub-divisional magistrates (revenue officers), who have little knowledge about the law. These executive officers have little training in understanding the sensitivity of the issue involved. Thirdly, this duty overburdens the sub-divisional magistrates. And lastly, due to the exclusion of civil courts, there is little awareness.\"Mukund Sarda, dean of Law faculty, Bharati Vidyapeeth University, said, \"If cases filed under the Act are brought in the jurisdiction of civil courts, it would create awareness. For example people are aware of consumer courts due to involvement of civil courts. The media publishes consumer courts' orders and as a result, there is more awareness.\"Anil Pawar, resident deputy collector, Pune, said that they have been actively publicizing the Act by going to senior citizens' associations, old age homes and holding seminars. But, more needed to be done, he said.Pramod Phadnis, social welfare inspector, however, claimed that special division officers have been given sufficient training to understand the sensitivities of the cases. He added that sub-divisional magistrates also counseled parents and senior citizens regarding future plan of action and how family disputes can be settled with minimum fuss. Thus, the number of cases officially lodged has been low.Chidanand Pathak, director of International Longevity Centre, and a senior citizen himself, blamed societal norms and restrictions for the low number of cases filed. He said, \"A parent always thinks the best for his child. He thinks that there will be a social stigma attached to his children forever if they are involved in a case. This is the primary reason for the low numbers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12255726", "title": "Be ready for colourful bash on Ganga Mela", "text": "KANPUR: Ganga Mela will be held on Wednesday. The people will paint their friends and relatives in different colours. Gulal is the preferred colour used by the people during this festival. People of all ages fondly participate in the festival which marks the end of the week-long Holi celebrations.Ganga Mela is celebrated only in the city. It is held in Anuradha Nakshtra, three to seven days after the full moon. The festival is celebrated in the memory of revolutionaries who were released by British government after being made captive during 1857 revolution.It is celebrated a week after Holi every year. People first play with colours and thereafter head towards various banks of the Ganga for taking a dip. On this occasion, Sarsiyya Ghat comes alive where leaders of different political parties, eminent citizens and commoners gather to enjoy the festival. It is worth mentioning that the charm of the festival could be seen in the old localities of the city where colour is played by the people in the lanes and bylanes.Old localities like Hatia, Nayaganj, Birhana Road and others come alive with the vibrant colours. The district administration had made elaborate security arrangements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12256602", "title": "Butterfly park on the cards at Birsa zoo", "text": "RANCHI: After announcing the opening of the snake house soon for public, the Birsa Zoological Park authorities are now planning to create a butterfly park, a water park and an aquarium on the premises.\"We have sent the plan to the government for approval a few days ago and we will start working on it once it is approved,\" said zoo director P K Verma.Verma said the butterfly park would be partly open and partly enclosed depending on the variety of butterflies.\"Once the butterfly park is complete, the zoo will become more beautiful as many more flower plants will be planted. Both the flowers and butterflies will attract the visitors,\" said the director.According to plan, the water park will have a garden with small pond and fountain, where visitors can sit and rest in a cool atmosphere.The aquarium will be bigger than the other aquariums of the city.\"We will try to get variety of fish and small water creatures from across the globe and the aquarium will be a unique one in the city. The children will enjoy it the most,\" said Verma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12257084", "title": "Court refuses bail to DRI official held in graft case", "text": "CHENNAI: A CBI court has refused to release C Rajan, additional director-general of police, Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI), on bail after the central agency told the court that Rajan and his associate Murugesan had demanded and received bribe in other cases as well.Rajan is an influential person and subordinate witnesses in the DRI will not come forward to give statements against him if he is let out on bail, said L Yousuf Ali, judge, principal special court for CBI cases, while dismissing the officials bail petition on Tuesday.Earlier, the CBI had told the court that the custodial interrogation of Rajan had revealed that he and Murugesan \"had demanded and received bribe amounts in other cases.\" Rajan's advocates said they would appeal against the order in the high court. Rajan was remanded to judicial custody till March 21 when he was produced in the court on Monday.Rajan and his driver Murugesan were arrested by CBI for allegedly accepting a bribe of Rs 2 lakh and an iPad from a businessman . A complaint was lodged with the CBI's anti-corruption bureau by F Ubaidullah of Pudupet on March 5, alleging that DRI officials had raided his friend Joseph's premises and seized cheque leaves belonging to 'Superking' Myatzin, a Burmese national of Indian origin. Two of Myatzin's bank accounts were frozen.The complaint said Rajan had initially demanded Rs 10 lakh from Ubaidullah to defreeze the accounts and to not book Myatzin under the COFEPOSA (Conservation of Foreign Exchange and Prevention of Smuggling Activities) Act. Rajan subsequently reduced his demand to Rs 8 lakh and an iPad, of which the first installment of Rs 2 lakh was allegedly paid on March 6.Pointing out gaps in the CBI case, Rajan's advocate V S Venkatesh said the case rested solely on the FIR. On CBI's claim that Rajan accepted bribe to defreeze Myatzin's bank accounts, his counsel pointed out that he did not have the authority to defreeze accounts. It could be carried out only with permission from a court, he said.As for the allegation that Rajan threatened to invoke COFEPOSA against Myatzin, Venkatesh said the act would come into play only after an individual was arrested. Myatzin was neither arrested nor served notice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12255010", "title": "Shiv Sena seeks MP\u2019s disqualification", "text": "MUMBAI: Shiv Sena has approached Lok Sabha speaker Meira Kumar for immediate disqualification of its Kalyan MP, Anand Paranjape, for blatant violation of the Anti-Defection Law.\"As per the provisions of the Anti-Defection Law, we have filed a petition before the speaker for disqualification of Paranjape. In our opinion, his anti-party activities attracts the provisions of the Law and he should be disqualified as early as possible,\" Anant Gite, MP and Shiv Sena leader of parliamentary party, told TOI on Tuesday.The Shiv Sena has stated that sharing a platform with a leader of a rival political party and launching a campaign against the party leadership attracts the provisions of the Anti-Defection Act, particularly Section 2 (a). As per the Act, an MP can be disqualified if he has voluntarily given up his membership of his party. \"Our contention is that Paranjape shared a platform with NCP president Sharad Pawar and launched a frontal attack on the Sena leadership. He also granted interviews to print and electronic media. His act amounts to voluntarily giving up the membership of Shiv Sena,\" a senior Sena leader said.Paranjape had made a dramatic entry during the media briefing of Sharad Pawar on January 20. \"We have submitted all the newspaper clippings and CDs of his interviews to the Lok Sabha speaker,\" the leader added.The party is banking on the landmark verdict delivered by the then speaker Somnath Chatterjee on January 27, 2007. Chatterjee had disqualified three BSP MPs - Bhalchandra Yadav, Ramakant Yadav and Mohammed Shahid - following a complaint lodged by the leader of parliamentary party of BSP. Chatterjee had accepted the argument of BSP that their open dissidence was tantamount to voluntarily giving up the membership of the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "garwah", "code": "12256743", "title": "Missing woman's body found", "text": "GARWAH: The Nagar Untari police of Garhwa district on Tuesday recovered the body of a young married woman who was missing for the past five days .Rinki Devi (18) was allegedly killed by her in-laws for dowry at Haliwanta village in Nagar Untari five days ago, and her body was thrown into a well. \"Her in-laws spread the rumour that she was missing from the house,\" police said.\"Rinki's father has filed an FIR with the Nagar Untari police against the in-laws, including her father-in-law Lakhan Chaudhary, mother-in-law Radhika Devi and husband Rinku Chaudhary,\" said officer-in-charge Shiv Kumar Singh. Rinki was married to Rinku of Patan police station area in the Palamu district in May last year, said Rinki's elder brother Mandip Chaudhary.However, no one has been arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12259911", "title": "Topiwala gets rolling", "text": "Shooting for Real Star Upendra's new film opposite Malayalam actor Bhavana starts in Ram NagarHis last release, Aarakshaka, may have been a dud at the BO, but Real star Upendra is not one to mope. The actor has been busy shooting for not one, but three projects - Godfather, Katari Veera Surasundarangi and Topiwala. In fact, Topiwala sees director-turned-actor Uppi chip in as scriptwriter too. Shooting for the film, which sees Uppi pair with Malayalam actor Bhavana for the first time, began on Tuesday in Ram Nagar. \"Topiwala shooting started in Ram Nagar, where epic movie Sholay has been shot,\" the actor wrote on his micro-blogging page. The film, which sees Upendra sport a six-pack, will get a Telugu release as well, he added. \"Both Katari Veera Surasundarangi and Topiwala, we are planing to release in Kannada and Telugu,\" he tweeted.Upendra has also been tweeting about starting another home production, asking followers to suggest a good banner name. Sources suggest that the production could mark his wife Priyanka's directorial debut. \"Planning to start my own production. Please suggest some banner names,\" he wrote, later adding, \"Thank you very much for all your suggestions. Abhimaanigalu film makers gintha yaavaagalu Buddhivantharu Antha prove maadideera\" (Fans have always proven to be better and more clever than filmmakers).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12256847", "title": "Under-fire govt to cite old study to back BRT", "text": "NEW DELHI: For the Delhi government, it seems, the traffic volume in the city has remained static in the past four years. In response to the Delhi high court's order to get a \"scientific study\" conducted on the BRT corridor, the government is submitting a four-yearold study. The study, carried out in June 2008 by EMBARQ, an environmental NGO, is expected to substantiate the government's stand on the benefits of the bus rapid transit system. Incredibly, the study claims that travel time has reduced by 19% on the BRT stretch.Agovernment official said, \"The study was carried out after the corridor became operational and gives an exact estimate of the travel time as well as commuter perceptions.\" If you're wondering how a fouryear-old study can accurately reflect the ground situation today, it's an issue that doesn't bother the Delhi government at all. A senior official said, \"The study is still relevant as the parameters of the corridor remain the same. The traffic may have increased somewhat but that is all.\" Officials admitted no recent study had been carried out on the corridor.The study paints a rosy picture of the traffic situation on the corridor. Making a case for the BRT, where 25% of the road space is taken up by buses that serve 50% of the commuters on the corridor, the study says that bus travel became much faster on the corridor, thanks to the dedicated lanes. From 12kmph, which was the average speed of buses on roads outside the corridor, it went up to 18kmph on the BRT in 2008. The study further points out that as more people use buses than private vehicles along the stretch, the overall reduction in travel time, for all users, is worked out at 19%. The study also says the segregation of bicycles and pedestrians has improved the travel experience.The study admits that long delays and congestion were reported even in 2008, but the installation of the intelligent signalling system (ISS) has proved to be a solution. The government will also submit a report by DIMTS on the benefits of installing ISS on the corridor . According to the report, pre- and post-installation data shows that a staggering 24% reduction in travel time has been reported on the BRT. This is despite an 11% increase in the volume of traffic during this period.HC has given the government time till Wednesday to \"seek instructions\" if it has any objection to an order by the court to conduct a fresh study on the corridor for resolving the traffic mess faced by commuters daily.A weeklong, \"on-the-spot\" study of the Ambedkar Nagar-Moolchand BRT has found that a majority of commuters favoured a review of the corridor. The study, carried out by Assocham this March, reports that the normal waiting period at the red light during peak hours is 20 to 25 minutes.The Assocham objective of the survey was to count the number of vehicles crossing the Chirag Dilhi intersection in a day, which get delayed due to traffic congestion on the BRT, and also seek commuters' opinion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12256096", "title": "Russian woman drowns in Puri sea", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: In a tragic incident, a Russian woman drowned while bathing in sea at Puri on Tuesday. The deceased Valutsa Irina (45), an ISKCON pilgrim , was part of a 66-group of foreigners, who reached Puri two days ago, sources said.Irina and some other foreigners were swimming near Swargadwar beach when the mishap took place. \"She was sucked into the sea. Though lifeguards dragged her out, she could not survive. She was declared dead by hospital authorities,\" A K Dhar, inspector of Sea Beach police station said.Meanwhile, the police said it would initiate action against a mutt for not informing the former about the presence of foreigners. \"As per law, the mutt authorities should have informed us about the arrival of foreigners. During inquiry we found the mutt flouting the rule,\" another police officer said.This is perhaps the first time a foreign tourist drowned in sea in the living memory, even as nearly six domestic tourists have so far drowned in the Bay of Bengal in the last three months. Last year, as many as 26 drowning incidents were reported. Notably, a 70-year-old German tourist had drowned last month while bathing in a swimming pool in Puri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "12257121", "title": "12-yr-old killed, 10 hurt as school bus overturns", "text": "AJMER: A 12-year-old student was killed while 10 others were injured on Tuesday morning when the school bus in which they were travelling overturned in Roopangarh town of Ajmer district. The condition of four critically injured, who were referred to JLN Hospital here, are stated to be out of danger. The accident occurred when the bus driver tried to evade a tractor trolley which suddenly came up in front of the bus. The driver was also injured in the accident.The bus of Mewar International School was returning to Roopangarh from Badol Road after picking up students from nearby villages and when the vehicle was near Bawari Pass, a tractor trolley came in front of the bus, an eyewitness said. To avoid hitting the tractor trolley, the bus driver overtook it and as a result the bus turned turtle and finally hit a tree. Twelve-year-old Kana Ram, son of Ghisa Ram Gujjar, died on the spot.Villagers at the spot immediately tried to rescue the injured. \"The students were bleeding and crying, there was panic all around,\" said Narpat Singh Kumawat, a villager. A local doctor and medical staff also reached the spot who then advised the locals to take the injured to Yag Narayan Government Hospital in Kishangarh.Kana Ram's family was in a state of shock and his mother fainted on hearing the news of his death, relatives said. Education minister Naseem Akhtar visited the injured and also announced Rs 25,000 as relief for the deceased's family and Rs 5,000 each for the injured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "gandhi nagar", "code": "12256975", "title": "Kanchan is Miss SDP", "text": "GANDHI NAGAR: The students of BCA II of SDP College for Women bid a warm and loving adieu to the outgoing students of BCA III and PGDCA on Tuesday.A gala audio visual feast was presented by the students of BCA II class. The students spent the lovely afternoon presenting cultural bonanza of songs, dances, choreographies, games and other such thrilling items. A glittering grand finale was the additional attraction of the day.Wearing ethnic dresses, decked with traditional and modern jewellery, and confidence, the girls walked the ramp, exhibited their talent and answered the questions intelligently in a contest for the Miss Farewell title. Kanchan was chosen Miss SDP and Geeta and Paramjeet Kaur the runners-up. In other categories, Rachna won the title of Miss All Rounder and Anu Miss Beautiful Dress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12256979", "title": "Dr Surjit Patar is a living legend", "text": "LUDHIANA: The Forum for Promotion of Higher Education organized a felicitation ceremony at GGN Institute of Management and Technology (GGNIMT), Ghumar Mandi, to honour poet Dr Surjit Patar for his invaluable dedication and contribution to Punjabi language and literature on Tuesday.Patar was given a warm welcome by convener of the forum Jaswant Singh Gill, director, Gurunanak College, Doraha. He introduced Surjit as the master of poetry and a living legend who has been bestowed with Padma Shri.Gill said, The work of Patar has always cast a charming effect upon readers and has won many hearts. S P Singh, the former vice-chancellor of GNDU, honoured Patar with a memento and appreciated his creative work in world of Punjabi literature.He spoke at length about his priceless work and achievements.At the occasion, Patar recited a few lines of his works that left the audience in trance. They appreciated the lyrical language and greeted Patar with great applause.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "jalpaiguri", "code": "12255488", "title": "Two bison die after straying out of forest", "text": "JALPAIGURI: Two adult male bison died at Chamurchi in Dooars on Tuesday. While one collided with a tree, the other one died after forest department officials, in a bid to send the animals back into the forest, tranquilized it.Three bison strayed out of the Diana forest and entered the Chamurchi and Chunabhati tea estates in Chamurchi through the India-Bhutan border on Tuesday morning. Once the animals were spotted, locals converged at the spot. The excited mob was posing a consistent disturbance to them. This annoyed the bisons and they went on a rampage in the tea estate, damaging a few dwellings and injuring two inhabitants.Two of the three adult male bison that had strayed out of forest on Tuesday, died after one hit a trunk of a tree while chasing a man and the other one died after the forest department tranquilized it in a bid to send them back in the forest. This happened in Chamurchi in the Dooars on Tuesday.Three bison had come out of the Diana forest and had entered the Chamurchi and Chunabhati tea estates in Chamurchi by the India-Bhutan border on Tuesday morning at around 9 am. The animals first entered the Chamurchi tea estate when some villagers spotted those. Soon there was a public gathering. Seeing the mob, which was consistently posing disturbance for the animals, the bison went on a rampage in the tea estate damaging few dwellings and injuring two garden inhabitants.The animals then entered the Chunabhati tea estate. There too, villagers started gathering. People did not pay heed to pleas by the foresters, who had arrived by then. Irritated at the noise, the animals ran amok injuring one villager.To prevent further damage, the forest department sought support of the SSB that has a camp in the vicinity to disperse the mob.the foresters burst crackers to drive the animals back to a nearby forest some 3km away. While one bison responded to it and returned into Diana forest, the other two started chasing the people standing there.While chasing a villager, one of the bison hit a tree trunk and died on the spot. The forest department officials then darted the other bison. The animal died due to cardiac arrest while on the way to Chapramari wildlife sanctuary, where it would have been released. . It was then loaded on a vehicle and was being taken from there to be released at Chapramari wildlife sanctuary.But when the vehicle reached Khunia More on the outskirts of Chapramari, some 20 km away, vets found that the animal had died. \"The animals died due to cardiac arrest.\"Bison have a very weak heart and often cannot withstand tranquilization,\" most of the time they are tranquilized, they cannot survive. Our foresters had initially tried to drive the animals back into forest. But owing to the huge public presence they had no alternative but to dart the animal. Else, the animals would have had injured several other villagers\", said Sumita Ghatak, DFO, Wildlife II, Jalpaiguri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12256723", "title": "Opposition for CBI probe in tourism scam", "text": "RANCHI: The opposition on Tuesday demanded a CBI probe into the alleged multi-crore tourism scam and immediate action against a senior IAS officer who was heading the department at that time.Opposition parties, including the Congress, JVM-P and some independent MLAs, unanimously supported the demand of Pradeep Yadav for a CBI probe in the Rs 14 crore scam of the tourism department in 2007-08. He did not take the name of the IAS officer in the house.Yadav alleged the IAS officer misused his office to give a contract to Genesis , a Mumbai-based company, for making 10 films. The department also released Rs 3.47 crore to the company without assigning any work.\"The IAS officer is very influential and plays golf with the chief minister. He has used his influence to hamper the vigilance inquiry that is going on for the last three years. The minister should immediately issue order to lodge an FIR and a CBI inquiry in the interest of the state,\" said Yadav. \"The influence of the IAS officer can be gauged from the fact that no FIR has been lodged against him even after the then commissioner of vigilance bureau had made recommendations to lodge a case.\"Replying to the question, state tourism minister Bimla Pradhan tried to defend the government and said action would be initiated according to the recommendations of the vigilance bureau. \"Let the inquiry be over and we will take appropriate action against the accused,\" said Pradhan. Not satisfied with the answer, leader of opposition Rajendra Prasad Singh requested the speaker to order the minister to get the probe completed within a fixed time.\"I cannot pass any order but will definitely ask the minister to follow the rule and get the inquiry completed at the earliest,\" said speaker C P Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12255888", "title": "Nurses\u2019 strike spreads to more hospitals", "text": "KOCHI: The staff members of 12 more hospitals will go on strike this month demanding fair wages and better benefits. Hospitals have been served strike notice by nurses' unions, which want the existing pay scales to be revised.Talks between managements and nurses' unions are being held at Al-Shifa Hospital in Perinthalmanna, MIMS and Baby Memorial Hospital in Kozhikode, Sunrise Hospital in Kochi, MES Medical College Hospital, and Prashanthi Hospital in Manjeri. Managements feel it is a trend that is catching up even though minimum wages have been stipulated. \"We are not demanding more than what is due,\" said Jasmin Sha, state president, United Nurses Association.Shut down threat: The Confederation of Private Hospitals Association (CPHA) has come out strongly against the strike, terming it unnecessary. The association met the labour minister last week and asked the government to redress the issue.\"If strikes continue, hospitals may have to shut down,\" said Dr A K Sabhapathy, patron of CPHA. \"This is an attempt to destroy the health care system. Despite all hospitals implementing minimum wages, the unions are now demanding fair wages. They are not willing to work, though hospitals have revised pay scales,\" said advocate Husain Koya Thangal, state general secretary, Kerala Private Hospitals Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "attari", "code": "12255099", "title": "Pakistan delegation to visit Chhapar Chiri", "text": "ATTARI: Pakistan Punjab's former education minister Imran Masood along with former mayor of Gujrat in Pakistan Haroon Masood and businessman Tariq Shah arrived in India on Tuesday to attend the oath-taking ceremony of the SAD-BJP alliance at Baba Banda Singh Bahadur war memorial in Chhapar Chiri village of Mohali on Wednesday.Masood said, \"Governments of India and Pakistan should open institutes dedicated to saints of the Indian sub-continents whose teachings have helped promote peace and harmony.\" He said the proposal for setting up of Baba Nanak International University at the birthplace of Guru Nanak in Nankana Sahib was with the cabinet. The university shall be twinned with the Guru Nanak Dev University (GNDU), he said. Masood said they would take with them Punjabi books and research papers from GNDU, so that those could be replicated there.He said the Pakistan government had decided to invite international students for pursuing masters in Gurmukhi and Shahmukhi scripts. Speaking about the education system in Pakistan, Masood said Pakistan had designed a mega education reform programme under which free quality education and books were provided to the students.Masood and others would explore the areas of mutual interest in India. \"We will meet various delegations and representative of trade and Industry,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12255921", "title": "City ready for Adinath Mahotsav", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A mega Jain Mahotsav will be held in Ahmedabad from March 15 to 22 at Sanskar Kendra, near Paldi. The event, to be organized by the Upkar Utsav Upvan Samitee, is going to have 27 Jain Acharyas, more than 750 Jain monks and nuns and a huge number of devotees celebrating Mahamahotsava. The Mahotsav will start with a huge Rathyatra devoted to Bhagwan Adinath's birth and his renunciation of the world.The ten kilometer long rathyatra, with a 3.5 kilometer long procession will cover the areas between Anjali Char Rasta and Sanskar Kendra. The Rathyatra will have a total of 12 chariots, some of which are 300 years old and have been sourced from various other Indian states. A 250 kg silver chariot will be the prime attraction in this Rathyatra.This religious occasion is also a tribute to the luminaries of Jainism. Organizers said that for the first time in 200 years a 'Nandishwar Pujan' shall be performed wherein 68 separate Jinalayas (Jain Temples) have been constructed on 68 separate mountains. Furthermore, more than 500 devotees will worship 272 'Chaumukhi Bhagwan' on the same stage at one time. Additionally, more than 5000 devotees will be performing 'Ekasana.'Many international and nationally acclaimed artists from different religions, cultures, and states such as Padma Vibhushan Birju Maharaj, Ustaad Mukhtyar Ali, famous Gujarati folk singer Karsan Sagthiya will perform at the Mahotsav.Statues made of silicon of the Jain luminaries shall be inaugurated at the venue. Spokesperson of Upkar Utsav Upvan Samitee said, \"We have really worked hard to organize this religious event which is the biggest one ever in the history of Ahmedabad. Through this event, we have provided ample employment opportunities to artists of various states. Aimed at reinventing and keeping the Indian culture alive all these cultural events have been made an important part of the Mahotsav\".This religious mega Mahotsav will have 1.8 crore 'Navkar Mantra Jaap'. Additionally, for the first time, 2700 Jain families will be served food on one table. More than one lakh devotees will be served food during the entire Mahotsav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12256860", "title": "They had borrowed car for the night", "text": "NEW DELHI: Aakash and his businessman father Manoj Sharma were fated not to meet again. Just a day before the accident, the two had tried to meet up at the airport when Sharma senior arrived from Chhattisgarh for a business meeting. But a mixup of terminals - Aakash turned up at T3 but Manoj landed at T1 - forced the father to put off the reunion till the next day as he was running late.When Manoj Sharma called in the evening, Aakash promised to meet him after the birthday party. But next morning, he was left to shoulder the burden of Aakash's and his cousin Vikas' bodies.Mayank Chauhan's father, a senior cop in Chhattisgarh, was informed about the accident but not his son's death. As he reached the airport, he received the tragic news. The grief-struck father lost courage and returned from the airport.The three killed youths had come to the capital a few years back to study at Delhi University . Mayank was in the first year of a BA programme at PGDAV College and had recently moved into a flat in Malviya Nagar. Vikas was pursuing BCom final year at Delhi College of Arts and Commerce and lived in ARD Complex in RK Puram. Aakash was doing his CA finals and lived in Laxmi Nagar.Of the injured, Yamuna Nagar resident Vipul Garg was in his final year of CA while Vikas Beherwa was pursuing BCom first year at PGDAV College, relatives said. All five had become friends after meeting at ARD Complex, a PG hostel in RK Puram area, where they met often.The Lancer car was registered in the name of Sanjiv Aggarwal, a resident of Sainik Farms but he claimed he had sold it to one DS Deswal. Deswal's son, Nikhil, cops said, had gone to the birthday party as well and that was how Mayank had borrowed the car. Mayank's friends, however, claimed he alone knew Nikhil.It is still not clear who was behind the wheel. The cops are waiting for the statement of the injured students to establish the identity of the driver. Also, it is not known where the friends were going.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12256113", "title": "Fire safety: Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation takes easy way out", "text": "HYDERABAD: As installation of fire safety equipment has become a major problem in commercial buildings and shopping malls due to multiple owners, the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) has decided to insist that occupants of ground floors at least comply with fire safety norms.These interim measures have to be taken up by ground floor occupants as majority of fire accidents take place at this level and cellars. If the fire equipment is in place on the ground floor, even if a fire accident occurs at another level, occupants can be evacuated without much difficulty, avoiding loss of life.Of about 380 existing commercial malls and commercial complexes (up to 15 metres height or ground + four floors), majority were constructed in the past 10 to 15 years. Developers of these buildings sold out commercial space to different individuals.Though GHMC fire prevention wing (FPW) slapped notices twice on shopping mall owners in the last one year, they did not comply with fire safety norms due to lack of coordination between the different owners. Since fire equipment costs about Rs five lakh, some commercial property owners are willing to pay their contribution. However, some owners want builder or developer to cough up the money for fire equipment, while others want more time to resolve the issue and mobilise money.The GHMC had three meetings with owners of commercial complexes between July, 2010 and January 2011, but no mall has taken No Objection Certificate (NOC) from the corporation. GHMC officials said they were going slow on complexes since they were constructed some years ago.\"For their convenience, initially ground floor occupants have been asked to put fire safety measures in place. However, these buildings will not get NOC from the GHMC unless all floors comply with fire safety norms,\" C Lakshmi Prasad, additional director (FPW) of GHMC, told TOI on Tuesday.As interim measures, ground floor owners/occupants have to provide potable hose reel of 200 litres capacity, modular fire extinguishers with sprinkler bulbs to be fixed to the ceiling, smoke detectors with panel boards as per IS 2189:999, emergency lighting with two-hour battery back-up and smoke management system for expelling smoke in case of a fire accident.The additional director said owners have to provide the fire-fighting equipment within 60 days from the date of receipt of notice. If they fail to comply, action would be initiated as per provisions of the AP Fire Services Act, 1999 and the Fire &amp; Operations and Levy of Fee Rules, 2006.Meanwhile, the district medical and health officers (DMHOs) of Hyderabad and Ranga Reddy districts have issued notices to about 300 hospitals to follow fire norms and get NOC or face cancellation of licence. Of the 580 hospitals, only 222 hospitals installed fire equipment and got NOC from the GHMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12255823", "title": "Aurangabad to have driving school under PPP mode", "text": "PATNA: State government is set to open a driving school in Aurangabad to train people to drive heavy vehicles.Making this announcement in the state assembly here on Tuesday, transport minister Brishen Patel said the proposed driving school would be opened on PPP mode for which government has already earmarked 15 acres land in the district.Replying to short notice question of Awanish Kumar Singh, the minister said a MoU would shortly be signed between state government and Maruti Suzuki. \"There is a little hitch with the company on certain points. That will be sorted out and soon an agreement will be signed,\" Patel said. He said a sum of Rs 16 crore would be spent by the state government while another Rs 14 crore would be given by Centre on the project. He said a driving school in private sector is already in operation in the state however, there was none in the public sector. \"The driving school in Aurangabad will be the first such school to be opened by the state government,\" hesaid. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12255490", "title": "CPM rubbishes mid-term poll talk", "text": "NEW DELHI: CPM took a sharp dig at Congress allies DMK and Trinamool, saying that UPA partners who strongly disagree with Congress over policy issues should quit the ruling coalition and dismissed the possibility of an early election as long as SP and BSP support the government.Pointing out that Left parties are pioneers in raising Centre vs. state issues, CPM leader Sitaram Yechury on Tuesday said, \"Left has no problems about other parties joining\" when asked about rival Trinamool emerging as a key mover on federalism.But Yechury argued that for Trinamool to move beyond posturing will need it to part ways with UPA even as he said Left has been coordinating with all other Opposition parties, including the BJP-led NDA on issues from the anti-corruption ombudsman Lokpal to the National Counter-Terrorism Centre (NCTC).Having said there is little scope for mid-term polls yet, Yechury seemed to taunt Trinamool and DMK by saying unhappy partners should quit the coalition. \"For the wise a signal is enough,\" he said.Yechury's remarks came in the context of DMK protests in the Rajya Sabha over war crimes against Sri Lankan Tamils and the Trinamool demand that NCTC be rolled back. He said that it was \"disturbing\" that those who are part of the government were disrupting the House.Dismissing as \"speculation\" that the Left may be prepared to bail out Congress if allies like Trinamool opt out, he said that as long as SP and BSP are supporting the government from outside such an eventuality will not arise. The CPM leader saw no possibility of mid-term elections till SP and BSP are with the government.CPM leaders Prakash Karat and Sitaram Yechury have been invited to the swearing-in of SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav's son Akhilesh as Uttar Pradesh chief minister on Thursday. The party has accepted the invite, Yechury said.Asked about any possibility of Left supporting Congress in the coming Rajya Sabha elections, Yechury said there have been instances earlier when the two parties agreed on common candidates. Trinamool leader Mamata Banerjee is understood to be reluctant to offer extra votes for a Congress nominee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12256972", "title": "Cups of woe spill over at Collector\u2019s hearing", "text": "INDORE: Zarina Qureshi, who has been pleading for help to trace her 22-year-old son Yasin, finally knocked on the doors of the district collector at a public hearing, here on Tuesday.\"He was about to get married, but on the day of Haldi on February 25, he went out for a haircut and did not return,\" according to Zarina, who had lodged a missing person complaint with the Sanyogitaganj police station. She had also written a letter to the DGP, IG, SSP, SP but nothing has happened from her pleas yet.Sharing her pain, Zarina said she searched for her son at all possible places including homes of relatives and friends. \"How can any one disappear like this,\" she wept.Her son was to get married on March 1 and the family had even printed the invitation cards and send those across. \"Since the groom went missing, I had to then convince my brother's son to get married to the girl instead to save the family honour,\" she saidTown Inspector, Shailendra Singh, said a man missing case has been registered and the cops had tried to call the boy on his cell phone, but it was switched off.Besides Zarina there were others who had turned up at the public hearing with their grievances. Deepa Tolani, 40, a post graduate, approached collector with the unusual request for a shelter. \"I need a shelter from where I can search for a job and live,\" said Deepa who had done her M.Com. She said her husband is forcing her for a divorce and she has been evicted from his home. She is now staying with her brother, but the stress is often pushing her to think of ending her life, she said. \"I don't want a divorce. All I demand is respectful life and a decent place to live in,\" said Deepa, urging the Sindhi community to come forward and help her. There was no concrete solution even for her.One more was 19-year-old Rachana Bhati of Fali village who was unable to feed her seven siblings. Though she got Rs 5000 as aid from the district administration, she wondered how long she would be able to feed eight people with that money. \"My father is mentally ill and wanders around, my mother is in jail. There is no earning member in our family,\" said Rachana, who has no employable skills and all her siblings are younger to her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12255820", "title": "Samajwadi Party's woman worker shot inside bus", "text": "KANPUR: A 48-year-old woman worker of Samajwadi Party's Agra unit was shot inside a UPSRTC bus plying between Jaipur and Lucknow on Monday night.The incident took place when the bus stopped at a dhaba at around 2 am near Alampur village on the national highway-2 in Sikandara, Kanpur Dehat. The woman, identified as Shammi Kohli, wife of Chaman Kohli, a native of Kamla Nagar locality in Agra, had boarded the bus in Agra and was on her way to the state capital to take part in the swearing-in ceremony of Akhilesh Yadav in Volvo AC Bus no: UP-32-DJ-0403.When the bus stopped at the dhaba, Kohli and 10-odd other passengers were fast asleep while others had got down for dinner. It was around this time that the assailants - numbering between three and four - entered the bus and shot Kohli point-blank. Since nobody noticed them or heard the sound of gunshots, it's assumed that they used silencer in their weapons. When the passengers who had got down, came back to the bus, they found Kohli lying in a pool of blood. Then conductor SD Yadav, driver Manoj Sharma and other passengers alerted the local police. The police have recovered several empty 9 mm cartridges from the spot.The woman was identified on the basis of the voter ID card recovered from her possession. Her family members, including sons Nitin and Sumit, were informed about the murder. They reached here on Tuesday morning to claim her body. Nitin had earlier held the post of general secretary of the youth wing of Samajwadi Party in Agra.The exact motive of the crime is not yet known but old rivalry came into light during preliminary investigations. The family has lodged named FIR against three persons - Mohit Bhardwaj, Nitin Gupta and Punit Kohli - with the Sikandara police. The body has been sent for post-mortem examination.Shammi was known for her connections with senior officials and politicians of Samajwadi Party.Another source informed that Nitin Gupta, who worked as a domestic help in the house of Kohlis, eloped with Shammi's younger son Sumit's wife identified as Preeti. Besides, Mohit Bhardwaj, who used to assist them in their household affairs, had ran away with Shammi's daughter. Cases were lodged against Nitin and Mohit. Later, Kohlis were named as accused by Nitin in his brother's murder case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12255774", "title": "Not 'family raj', hot issues burnt Cong: Churchill", "text": "MARGAO: Upset that his 'family raj' was being made the scapegoat by Congress leaders for the party's defeat at the hustings, former PWD minister Churchill Alemao hit back saying the party was undone because chief mininster Digambar Kamat poorly handled the issues of illegal mining, medium of instruction and Regional Plan 2021.The ex-Navelim MLA hit back at Kamat, GPCC chief Subhash Shirodkar and party campaign manager Mauvin Godinho for their comments on Monday, telling reporters on Tuesday, \"I will never accept that the party lost because tickets were allotted to me, my daughter, my brother and my nephew, given the victories of the Ranes, Monserrates and Dhavalikars.\"He said he had written to the Congress high command listing the decisions of the party that led to its downfall and blamed Kamat who he also accused of working against the Alemao clan.He claimed that he and the Ranes had tried to convince the high command to hold the elections after the panchayat elections as people were still agitated over various issues.He accused Shirodkar of indulging in double standards given that Shirodkar's daughter is part of the youth Congress and dared him to ask the Alemao's to leave the Congress if he felt 'family raj' was such a big issue. He said Godinho should be taken to task for fielding a weak candidate like Caetano Xavier in Cortalim when other candidates were available. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12257311", "title": "Training of 210 fire-fighters in flood rescue begins", "text": "SURAT: Fire and emergency service department of Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) has started a three-month training in flood rescue and control system for 210 firemen from Tuesday.As floods has become a recurring phenomenon since 1998 in the diamond city with 2006 being a nightmare, the flood rescue training for the firefighters will go a long way in ensuring safety of the residents during emergency. Official sources said seven batches of firemen will receive rigorous training. The training of the first batch of the firemen started in upstream of river Tapi at weir-cum-causeway from Tuesday.Pankaj Patel, chief fire officer ( CFO), told TOI, \"About 210 firefighters in batches of 30 each will receive rigorous training in flood rescue in the three-month programme. The firefighters would be trained enough for launching rescue and relief operation in extreme flood like situation in the city.\" The firefighters are being trained under the expert guidance of Praful Wadia, a maritime engineer and expert in flood rescue and boat maintenance.Taking lessons from the past experience of 2006 floods, the SMC has purchased two rescue airboats and a flood rescue van from a company in Florida in 2008. The civic body had also purchased 34 twin boats, 12 heavy duty boats, eight inflatable ones, etc .The state-of-the-art rescue van imported from Florida is equipped with specialized rescue tools like survival kits, high pressure pneumatic lifting bags, night-vision binoculars, floating stretchers, line throwing equipment and inflatable emergency lightning system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12260584", "title": "Bad Boys of Dance on DID 3", "text": "The Bad Boys of Dance, a Maryland (USA) based dance troupe, rocked the stage of Zee TV's Maruti Suzuki Dance India Dance Season 3 as part of the Joy of Dancing initiative undertaken by the show.Having performed in New Delhi recently and with audiences waiting for more, Bad Boys of Dance is an ensemble of professional dancers trained in ballet and jazz. Its own style is a modern fusion of various dance forms set to a soundtrack of pop and rock music. The American Centre of the US Consulate facilitated their participation in India's premier dance reality show. DID Season 3 is living up to its promise of bringing new dance based experiences to the forefront with Joy of Dancing being one of the endeavors.This season, DID is bringing the exemplary dancers from across the country who testify that all one needs to dance is to feel one's natural rhythm. The sacred stage of DID will honour such dance acts with the 'Joy of Dancing Award' for all those dance experts who spread happiness through dance. Recently, fifty years old ladies brought the tradition of 'Manglagaur,' a folk dance of rural Maharashtra, alive with their scintillating performance enunciating the concept of Joy of Dance. This week, 'Bad Boys of Dance' continue the tradition with their performance on a Bollywood number. After their scintillating performance on the title track of Desi Boyz, Grandmaster Mithun Da was the first to comment, \"This will be remembered on DID for a long time. You just proved that dance has no language.\" The Bad Boys paid a tribute to the legendary Mithun Da by breaking into his iconic pelvic thrust.On being asked if they understood the words of the song they had chosen, pat comes the reply from Rasta Thomas , the group's ballet-trained founder, \"We did not understand a single word but we understood the rhythm and let our feet do rest of the work. We chose a Hindi number because the sheer passion and the way Bollywood dancing is able to capture the imagination of an entire sub-continent and its diaspora is unmatched anywhere in the world. It is already huge and we expect it to only grow.\" \"While none of us have trained in Indian classical dance forms, our exposure to it in dance festivals across the globe has convinced us of both its grace and difficult style,\" added Michael, who mesmerized the audience with his tap dance. Every member of the group confessed to have followed Dance India Dance in their hometown and wished all the contestants the very best in their lives. Sumit Jha", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12254252", "title": "Legislative delay holds up degrees of 1,800 students", "text": "NEW DELHI: With their future in limbo, about 1,800 students of Institute of Technology, Banaras Hindu University have written to HRD minister Kapil Sibal urging the government to pass the legislation giving their institute legal sanctity. The 'Institutes of Technology (Amendment) bill 2011' has been pending before the Rajya Sabha for almost a year.The students of 2010 and 2011 batches have been waiting for their degrees for a year now thanks to the legislative delay. \"As the bill is getting delayed in the Rajya Sabha, it is creating serious problems for our future careers. The uncertainty over the conversion of IT-BHU to IIT-BHU is also creating an unhealthy academic atmosphere in the campus,'' the letter said. The communication has been signed by all the students.The move to upgrade the institute to an IIT was done after several rounds of consultations and discussions with HRD ministry officials and was passed by Lok Sabha in March 2011.The bill seeks to amend the Institutes of Technology Act, 1961, which declares certain institutes of technology to be institutions of national importance and add eight new IITs in Bhubaneswar, Gandhinagar, Hyderabad, Indore, Jodhpur, Mandi, Patna and Ropar. It also seeks to integrate the Institute of Technology, Banaras Hindu University within the ambit of the Act and is likely to increase its functional autonomy.Speaking in Lok Sabha, Sibal had assured agitated BJP members that Banaras Hindu University would not be bifurcated in the process of giving IIT status to its Institute of Technology. The legislation is also expected to address issues of shortage of staff and quality faculty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12257271", "title": "Pay property tax or face action: Pune Municipal Corporation", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) has decided to act tough against property tax defaulters by creating an 'encumbrance' which will make it difficult for the owner to sell/transfer the property and restrict its overall use.Encumbrance is a burden or charge upon an estate or property, so that it cannot be disposed of without being subject to it. A mortgage in lieu of taxes is an example of encumbrance.In a press statement issued on Tuesday, PMC tax department chief Vilas Kanade said that property tax defaulters should immediately pay the dues to avoid action. \"Besides sealing the property, the PMC will also create an encumbrance. The PMC has already approached Haveli tehsildar to create an encumbrance for a property in Kharadi. The owners had not paid tax dues worth Rs 36,39,478. On the PMC's request, the tehsildar created an encumbrance. Now, the owner cannot deal in the said property without clearing the tax dues,\" said Kanade.Common examples of encumbrance can be found in real estate. For example, an outstanding mortgage or an unpaid property taxe. In real estate , if the property has an encumbrance on its title, transfer of the title to another party is affected.The PMC has earlier decided to publish names of defaulters on its website.Already, the PMC has decided to execute the state government's notification to impose a 2% penalty on people who fail to pay their property tax for the first six months of the year 2010-11 before September 30. The government notification of May 31, 2010 has authorised the civic body to impose a fine of 2% on the tax amount for every defaulting month if the property tax is not paid within the given period of time. The second installment of the property tax has to be paid before December 31, 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12255811", "title": "Condonation marks for Class X, XII repeaters", "text": "PANAJI: Students reappearing for the Class X and XII public exams will now be awarded upto two condonation marks in subjects where they are failing. It will ensure that the repeat candidates do not have to lose out on another year for the want of only a couple of marks.The Goa Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education (GBSHSE) issued a circular on March 12, 2012 to high schools and higher secondary schools informing them that the decision to provide the two condonation marks for repeat candidates will be applicable from the ongoing Class X and XII board exams. The two marks can either be allotted in one subject in which the student is failing or in two or more subjects so that it allows them to clear the exams.GBSHSE shifted from the marks system to the grading system last academic year. It was found that there was no provision for allotment of condonation marks under the gradingsystem. This issue was brought to the notice of the board who is now considering a proposal of alloting upto six condonation marks for students failing the exam.Since last year, the Goa Board allots marks as well as grades to students in the Class X and XII exams. But the marks are allotted only to help the students and schools to comprehend the grading system better. And the provision of condonation marks available to students under the marks system is not applicable since the 2010-11 board exams. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12256231", "title": "Less painful cancer treatment in the offing", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Thousands of oral and cervical cancer patients in the country may soon be able to dispense with chemotherapy. A consortium, comprising Regional Cancer Centre (RCC), Centre for Earth Science Studies (CESS) and Technopark-based Vinvish Technologies, is developing state-of-the-art laser-based photodynamic therapy (PDT) equipment for cancer treatment.Once the PDT equipment is fully developed, RCC would do clinical trials. PDT uses a photosensitizing agent that binds cancerous cells thus making selective killing of cancerous cells possible. According to Dr Subhash Narayanan, a key researcher and grade G scientist of CESS who has published several research papers on PDT, invention of affordable PDT equipment would bring about a sea change in cancer treatment.\"Since it would make localised treatment possible, it can selectively kill cancerous cells and even outpatient treatment will be possible,\" he said. Though laser-based treatment of cancer is prevalent in developed countries, it's yet to become a prominent option for cancer treatment in India mainly due to the cost factor. \"There were attempts to introduce PDT technology in cancer treatment in India but it hasn't picked up yet. Chances of getting scars would be also minimal in PDT based treatment,\" says Dr Jem Prabhakar, additional professor, RCC.Of the total R&D; cost, 34% comes as grant from Union department of biotechnology and the rest is invested by Vinvish Technologies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12255797", "title": "DoE arranges toilet facilities for 51 schools in rented premises", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar's statement that he will provide all schools with a toilet by April 2013 might have well come in time.The directorate of education (DoE) has been able to make provisions for a toilet in 51 government schools only this month itself. Toilets could not be provided in the schools because they run from very old and rented premises. \"Based on a case in the Supreme Court, orders were issued to us to provide toilets in schools which do not have them. We have managed to make arrangements for toilets in the neighbourhood for 51 schools,\" education director Anil Powar told TOI.DoE asked some residents in the area to allow teachers and students to use their toilets. Many government schools function from rented premises which were leased out to them several decades ago by the owners. For these schools the government continues to pay the nominal rent to the owner as was being paid when the structures were first rented out.The state is unable to carry out repairs and infrastructural development in these schools as the premises do not belong to the government. In several such schools, students and teachers have to either use open areas for their needs due to lack of toilets or request residents living around the schools to allow them to use their toilets. DoE has now finally been able to make arrangements for a toilet. Infrastructure of government primary schools has improved significantly since the introduction of the central government's Sarva Siksha Abhiyan programme in Goa in 2005. From the academic years 2005-06 to 2007-09, SSA has provided toilets in 538 governmentprimary schools. In addition, under the Rashtriya Madhyamik Shiksha Abhiyan 74 high schools have been provided with toilets constructed with funds provided by the central government. Goa continues to face a peculiar problem in case of schools running from premises rented out to them many years ago. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12256573", "title": "I-T surveys unearth unaccounted income of Rs 200 cr", "text": "VADODARA: The income tax (I-T) department conducted surveys in about 30 cases in the current financial year and detected unaccounted income to the tune of Rs 200 crore. A release from the I-T department said that various public sector undertakings and business establishments are required to deduct taxes at source on various amounts paid to contractors and other agencies who have been providing services to these establishments. The department has been keeping a close watch on the correctness of the tax deducted at source by the business establishments and they have also taken measures for educating the deductors. The I-T department of Vadodara recently conducted a survey operation at a firm involved in apartment and row house construction and seized a number of incriminating documents.It came to light that the firm had not disclosed its income amounting to Rs 1.5 crore.The I-T officials have also been analyzing the pieces of information being received by way of annual information returns that are filed and keeping a close watch on the correctness of advance taxes being paid during the current financial year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12258805", "title": "Boney Kapoor\u2019s ex-wife diagnosed with cancer", "text": "Boney Kapoor's ex-wife and Arjun Kapoor's mother, 47-year-old Mona Kapoor, has been diagnosed with cancer.Four days back, the filmmaker's former wife was wheeled into Hinduja Hospital in Mumbai and is currently undergoing treatment on its 15th floor.A source close to Mona told Mumbai Mirror, \"Mona's condition was really bad when she was brought to the hospital. She was unable to eat anything. But she is slowly recovering. In fact, she did manage to eat a little today. The doctors haven't decided when she will be discharged yet.\"The filmmaker's former spouse had in fact been rather unwell for the last five months. Her condition deteriorated around the same time her friend, actress Deepshikha tied the knot in January 2012. Unable to attend the wedding due to her illness, Mona had at the time posted on her social networking profile: \"Am feelng Sooo unwell..missed attndng my dear frnd deepshikhas sangeet and wedding..feeling so bad..god bless her wth happiness, Always.\" However, a few days later, when actor Ranjeet hosted a dinner party for the newlyweds, Mona had been a part of the festivities.The source added, \"Mona's son Arjun and daughter Anshala are very worried. It has been rather tough on Arjun who has been preparing for the release of his debut film Ishaqzaade.\"Her ex-husband Boney, who is on a work-trip to Dubai , too, has been keeping a close tab on her health.However, when we tried to contact the family members, both Boney and Arjun remained unavailable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12255911", "title": "North ROB to be shut for traffic", "text": "KOCHI: The North ROB will be closed for traffic between 10pm and 5am from Wednesday. City traffic police said that the regulation will be in effect till March 16.Heavy vehicles proceeding to the city from Edapally and Kaloor have to go through Kathrikadavu bridge to reach Kadavanthra.The light motor vehicles should take a turn at Kaloor to ply though the Kathrikadavu Road and use the Pullepaddy bridge to reach MG Road. Heavy vehicles proceeding from MG Road to Edapally should take a deviation from Madhava Pharmacy Junction to enter the High Court Road and proceed through CT Road. LMVs have use the Pachalam-Pottakuzhy Road to reach Kaloor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12255685", "title": "State likely to withdraw land stir cases", "text": "KOLKATA: The state government has set in motion a process to withdraw criminal cases lodged during the Singur and Nandigram land acquisition movements. Though the chief minister on Tuesday announced the government's intention in this regard, tough task lays ahead for her government as it has to reach to a political consensus at the ground level to withdraw around 1,000 such cases.According to senior criminal lawyer Sekhar Basu, the government can appeal before the court (before trial concludes) to withdraw any case if it's willing to do so. \"The public prosecutors can appeal, but it's ultimately the court's discretion whether or not it will allow such appeal,\" he said. Criminal lawyer Tamal Mukherjee said once a complaint is made into an FIR, the complainant is a witness in a \"state\" case. \"Section 321 CrPC allows for such withdrawal by the public prosecutor,\" he opined.However, Basu stressed that even if a case is withdrawn, the complainant can always appeal against it. \"It is they who'd set the legal machinery in motion,\" he said. This is where the problem lies. \"Even if the government withdraws the cases, will the complainants agree?\" wondered East Midnapore CPM leader Nishikanta Shee. The situation, therefore, demands a political consensus at the ground level.Hooghly CPM's district secretary Sudarshan Roy Chowdhury said he isn't against the government move if it encompasses all (read both Trinamool and CPM workers). Among nearly 1,000 cases the government is set to withdraw, 325 had been lodged with Nandigram police station, 300 with Khejuri and nearly 89 with Singur police station. Though it is only a fraction of total such cases, its extent can be gauged by the fact that Trinamool MLA Becharam Manna now has to appear before the court in 64 non-bailable cases. Even minister Moloy Ghatak is indicted in nine cases. For CPM, the situation is no different either. According to Shee, there are 700 cases lodged against CPM workers - some non-bailable ones, including murder. \"I hope the government doesn't make any distinction between Trinamool and CPM in this,\" Shee said.Trinamool's Tamluk MP Subhendu Adhikari, largely responsible for scripting the land stir in Nandigram, however, has a different take. \"People had been part of the resistance in Singur and Nandigram and wrongly indicted should be treated separately from the oppressors or those who attacked. The victims should get justice, not the attackers,\" he said.Abu Sufian, one of Trinamool's faces during the Nandigram stir, said, \"With Didi as the chief minister, we knew such cases will be dealt with. We'd compiled a list of bailable cases and sent it to the government for its consideration. I am not aware how the government intends to go about it, but many cases are in a trial stage and have been chargesheeted.\"Haripal MLA Becharam Manna said most of these cases were politically motivated cases. \"It was vindicated when people elected us to power,\" he said.Four-year-old Payel's overnight ordeal in police station has been one of Mamata's common refrain whenever she had spoken of Left Front government's excesses to curb the land stir. Payel spend a night in Singur police lock-up for her mother Krishna Bag was slapped with 11 non-bailable cases. A Baraberi Purbapara housewife, Bag still has to make frequent visits to court and lawyers for these. Today, Bag said, \"Ever since Didi has entered Writers' Buildings, we knew she will do something for us. She has kept her word.\" Her neighbour Madhabi Das nodded in agreement. Das is indicted in 23 non-bailable cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12255655", "title": "President commutes 4 mercy pleas for UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: In last three decades, the maximum number of mercy petitions to be commuted into life imprisonment are from Uttar Pradesh. The state has forwarded nine mercy petitions to the President since 1984, and got four of them commuted into life imprisonment, a number equivalent to Tamil Nadu which has forwarded the maximum number of 17 mercy petitions to the President since 1981.Out of the 18 mercy petitions pending before the President's secretariat, maximum six are from UP. Till February 2012, four mercy petitions from Karnataka, two each from Haryana, Delhi and Uttarakhand , and one each from Rajasthan and Bihar were pending with the President's secretariat.According to the figures provided by the Union ministry of home affairs to an RTI query by Delhi-based RTI activist Subhash Agrawal, ministry of home has received 90 mercy petitions since 1981. Out of them, only 20 have been commuted into life imprisonment, and 70 have been rejected.Tamil Nadu and Maharashtra top the chart by forwarding 17 and 13 mercy petitions respectively.As per the procedure, in case of states, mercy petition is first considered by the governor of the concerned state under Article 161 of the Constitution and on rejection of mercy petition, it is forwarded to the MHA for submission to the President under Article 72 of the Constitution. However, in case of union territories, comments are sought before consideration under Article 72 of the Constitution. The circumstances generally considered while examining mercy petitions under Article 72 of the Constitution relate to age, sex and mental state of the accused (at the time crime was committed), circumstances of the case, and conduct of the offender among other factors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12254243", "title": "Dizzy Sharad Pawar advised rest", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union Agriculture Minister Sharad Pawar was rushed to the Ram Manohar Lohia hospital on Monday after he complained of dizziness in Parliament. He underwent several medical tests at the hospital following which doctors advised him rest. His condition is stable and there is nothing to worry about, said the doctors. The 71-year-old NCP leader was discharged in the evening.\"The minister did not faint but he complained of dizziness. We checked his sugar and blood pressure levels, which where normal. After a few hours of medical examination, he was stable and left hospital,\" said a senior doctor.Pawar was accompanied to the hospital by his daughter Supriya Sule, MP, and union minister Praful Patel . \"It is a protocol in government hospital, they do not want to take a chance so they asked him to take some rest. There is nothing serious,\" said one of the aides.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12255515", "title": "Finally, Pak judicial panel members arrive today", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Pakistani judicial commission set up to ferret out more evidence against the seven 26/11 accused facing trial in the country will finally arrive in India on a four-day visit on Wednesday. Comprising investigators and lawyers, the eight members of the panel will land in Delhi before flying off to Mumbai. They will spend two days in Mumbai interacting with Indian officials and magistrates who handled the case and also examine witnesses.``They will be in Mumbai on March 15 and 16 before they fly back to Delhi,'' said government sources confirming the visit by the commission that will also comprise defence lawyers.\"The commission will record the statements of investigators, statements of the doctors who conducted autopsies and the statement of lady magistrate who recorded Ajmal Kasab's confessional statement in Mumbai,\" senior public prosecutor Chaudhary Zulfiqar Ali was quoted as having told Pakistan news agencies.An anti-terrorism court in Pakistan conducting the trial of Lashkar-e-Toiba's (LeT) Zakiur Rehman Lakhvi and six other suspects had also issued a notification on March 6 directing the panel to visit India on March 14.The Pakistani judicial commission will record statements of Ramesh Mahale, an investigating officer and R V Sawant-Waghul, the magistrate who recorded the confessional statement of lone surviving Pakistani gunman Ajmal Kasab .Pakistan's contention is that the charges against the seven LeT operatives, including Zaki-ur-Rehman Lakhvi , Zarar Shah and others, who are lodged in a jail there, were based on Kasab's statement in Mumbai and, hence, it is necessary to submit the magistrate's and the investigating officer's statements to the anti-terror court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12255163", "title": "Plantations in 8 Haryana dists failed to get due care: CAG", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Close on the heels of Centre's recommendations for a CBI probe in forest scams exposed by whistleblower IFS officer Sanjiv Chaturvedi, the latest CAG report has disclosed that there were abnormal failures in care of plantations in eight districts of Haryana.The auditors have inspected 250 hectares in Hisar, Jhajjar, Jind, Kurukshetra, Mahendergarh, Rewari, Rohtak and Yamunanagar where the government spent over Rs 2.5 crore during 2005-08. According to the CAG report, the survival rate of plantations was found in the range of 0 to 65% instead of the mandatory 70%, leading to a loss of around Rs 80 lakh to the government.The report has quoted the officials' orders which reveal where the percentage of survival was less than the norm (70%), the cost of the plantation was to be recovered from the officers responsible for low survival of plants subject to certain exceptions like damages due to floods or fire.But according to the CAG report, no action was taken against the officers despite a lapse of 21 to 33 months from the date of reporting by the monitoring and evaluation wing of the department.The project director, while admitting to the failures in June 2011 informed the auditors that action was being initiated against the officers responsible for poor survival of plantations. Not only this, the auditors also found that over Rs 90 lakh were incurred on two schemes in 32 villages in Ambala, Hisar, Kaithal, Morni and Sirsa which were already covered under other schemes. Ambala district was not approved for plantation on community land under a specific scheme, however over Rs 1 crore was incurred on raising a nursery on community land measuring 250 hectares in Ambala district, contrary to the guidelines. When the auditors pointed it out in the audit, the forest department in June 2010 initiated action for fixing responsibility for the irregularity but till March 2011, final action in the matter was still awaited, revealed the CAG report.Earlier, IFS Sanjiv Chaturvedi had unearthed largescale financial irregularities worth crores of rupees in plantation projects funded by the central government under various schemes in Jhajjar district. Around 40 field staff were chargesheeted or suspended in connection with the schemes in Jhajjar, but Chaturvedi was abruptly transferred to Hisar in August, 2009, when investigations were at a crucial stage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12256865", "title": "Bhopal govt teachers get a surprise sermon session", "text": "BHOPAL: A group of Government school teachers in Bhopal who had gone to collect examination material and question papers were 'made to wait for hours and subjected to a sermon session by a Jain saint, instead.What has galled several teachers, who belong to various religions, was that they were also made to sign an undertaking saying they would henceforth eat no fish, eggs or meat _ not to mention imbibe alcohol.On Tuesday, the teachers were to be at the Government Model School in TT Nagar at 11 am for collecting material for class IX and XI exams. They were also told that a meeting would be convened by the district collector.At the venue, they were told that Saint Chinmay Sagar or 'Jungle Wale Baba' would be addressing them from 1.30 pm. Apparently to ensure a decent headcount at the meet, the teachers were not given the question papers of classes IX and XI that they had come to collect, until after. District collector Nikunj Shrivastava too appeared soon, and the teachers said they just had to stay on.A teacher from a government school in Karond said, \" We went there to collect question papers and also because we were told the collector would have a meeting related to the examinations.\"The distribution of question papers commenced only from 3 pm in the afternoon. A large number of teachers took part in this \"Teachers' Meeting\" organised by the school education department. Besides the collector, the DEO and other officials from the school education department were also present.When contacted , the DEO C M Uppadhaya said, \" We had informed about the details of the programme to the teachers in advance. If they were not aware of it , its their problem\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12254747", "title": "Decide on Nupur's bail plea: Allahabad HC tells CBI court", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad high court on Tuesday directed the CBI court Ghaziabad to expedite and dispose off the bail plea of Dr Nupur Talwar in Arushi murder case. Dr Nupur Talwar is also one of the accused in the case.The order was passed by Justice BK Narayan on the petition of Nupur under section 482 of the CrPC.A case under section 302 and 201 of IPC is pending against Nupur at the special court, CBI, Ghaziabad.Nupur and her husband Dr Rajesh Talwar are accused in the murder of their daughter Arushi and servant Hemraj. An FIR in this connection was lodged at police station sector 20 Noida on May 16, 2008.The case was later handed over to the CBI which submitted a closure report on December 29, 2010, stating that the suspicion was on the parents.Refusing to accept the closure report, the court had ordered the CBI to initiate criminal proceedings against Talwars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12256795", "title": "Good news: Last year's promises come true", "text": "BANGALORE: Former minister Mamata Banerjee , presenting the Railway Budget for 2011-12 , had promised eight new trains for Karnataka, Rail Yatri Sevaks with modern trolleys at Bangalore, a Golden Rail Corridor to raise the speed of passenger trains to 160-200 kmph on the Chennai-Bangalore line, and new Tumkur-Davanagere , Whitefield-Kolar and Shimoga-Harihar lines.A year later, almost all the promises have been fulfilled. Seven new trains - Howrah-Mysore Express (weekly), Yeshwantpur-Mysore Express (daily), Mysore-Chennai Express (weekly), Gorakhpur-Yeshwantpur Express, Vasco-Velankanni Express (weekly ), Ernakulam-Bangalore Express (weekly ) - have been started. The Ahmedabad-Yeshwanthpur AC Express (weekly) is likely to start operations soon. The Bangalore-Hubli Janashatabdi is running daily, the spokesperson said.Coolies have been co-opted as Rail Yatri Sevaks with the modern trolley system, and work on the proposed new lines and Golden Rail Corridor is under progress, the spokesperson said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12256788", "title": "Truck runs over woman; infant son, papa survive", "text": "BANGALORE: Tragedy struck a scooter-borne three-member family on Tuesday afternoon after a speeding truck hit their two-wheeler , killing the 26-year-old woman riding pillion and injuring her advocate-husband on the service road of Nagarbhavi Ring Road.The couple's 11-month-old baby boy, however, escaped unhurt.Eyewitnesses said advocate Ramalinge Gowda, a resident of Mariappanapalya, was riding back home at noon with his wife and infant son in the pillion from Nagarbhavi when the truck (number KA-01-D-6189 ) hit his Honda Activa.Gowda's wife Pratima, a housewife, was thrown to the right side and came under the front wheels of the truck. Manish, their son, was sitting in her lap but escaped without even a bruise.Gowda fell to the left and suffered minor injuries.The truck driver left his vehicle behind and fled from the spot. Police are searching for the owner and will locate the driver through him.Biker Hits Median, DiesIn another accident on 11th Main and 44th Cross junction of Jayanagar IV Block, a 20-year-old auto consultant, Asif, died after a scooter hit his bike. Asif fell off and his head hit the road median. Though he had a helmet, it was thrown off his head because of the impact. He was rushed to Nimhans where doctors declared him 'brought dead' , police said.Man Skids To DeathA 48-year-old man from Aralur died after his scooter skidded and he fell on to the road at Automart junction in Jakkasandra around 6pm. The man identified as Somashekhar, a construction material trader, was injured seriously. He was taken to a private hospital by autorickshaw drivers passing by. He succumbed to injuries later. A case of unnatural death has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12256607", "title": "Speaker asks MLAs, ministers to use vehicles with numberplates", "text": "RANCHI: Assembly speaker C P Singh on Tuesday asked all ministers and MLAs to use those vehicles which have proper registration numberplates.The directive was issued in the assembly after CPI (ML) MLA Vinod Singh raised in the house that a number of ministers, including state health minister Hemlal Murmu , move in a vehicle without a numberplate.\"It is a matter of concern that ministers and legislators, who make laws for the state, are moving in vehicles without numberplates. Police on duty hesitate to stop and collect fine as they do for common man,\" said the speaker.Singh also criticized state human resource development minister Baidyanath Ram for giving excuses that it took some time to get the registration number of new vehicles. The speaker also flayed leader of the JVM(P) in assembly Pradeep Yadav, who tried to defend the legislators.\"Without any excuse, the ministers and the legislators should not use a vehicle which has no numberplate. If someone is a minister or an MLA, it does not mean that he has got license to use vehicles without numberplate,\" said the speaker adding that instead of giving lame excuses everyone should follow the rule and set an example for others.Meanwhile, deputy chief minister Hemant Soren, who is in-charge of the finance department, laid the third supplementary budget of Rs 798.96 crore for the current fiscal year. Referring to a query on the condition of midday meal kitchens in government schools, the HRD minister said all 40,678 schools would have a proper kitchen by the end of next financial year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12254608", "title": "VTA moves HC against penalty on property tax", "text": "NAGPUR: The Vidarbha Taxpayers Association (VTA) has moved to the judiciary against Nagpur Municipal Corporation's (NMC) decision to impose 24% penal interest annually on delayed payment of property tax.The petitioner also challenged constitutional validity of Section 70 of the Bombay Provincial Municipal Corporations, the City of Nagpur Corporation (CNC), the Maharashtra Municipal Councils, Nagar Panchayats, Industrial Townships, the Maharashtra (Urban Areas) Protection and Preservation of Trees, and the Maharashtra Tax on Buildings (with larger residential premises) (Re-enacted and amendment) Act, 2009, on the basis of which the civic body is levying 24% interest on delay of payment on property tax.He also challenged a NMC circular of June 15, 2011, directing its tax assessors to implement Section 70 of the Amendment Act, 2009, for levying penal interest over delayed payments of property tax.According to VTE secretary Tejinder Singh Renu, promulgation of such a Draconian provision is patently burdensome on the citizens as all properties would be under its gambit. Citing media reports, he claimed that no such penal interest is levied elsewhere than in Nagpur and at least not in state capital Mumbai. He questioned the very basis of this discrimination between the two cities.VTA had earlier made a representation to the chief minister, urban development department (UDD) principal secretary, and NMC in this regard, but no cognisance was taken.The petitioner has prayed for striking down Section 70 of the Amendment Act, 2009, and also the NMC circular of June 15 last year. UDD principal secretary, law and judiciary secretary and NMC commissioner were made respondents in the petition (WP No 4561/12).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12256487", "title": "US firm opts for MSU over IISc for tie-up", "text": "VADODARA: M S University (MSU) has entered into a first-of-its-kind agreement with US-based Synergy Biosciences LLC in the area of biotechnology.The agreement signed between MSU and Synergy Biosciences as public private partnership at an international level is aimed towards offering students an advanced training programme in biotechnology onsite at MSU campus and opportunity for internship training in the US.The US-based firm will invest US $one million (Rs five crore) to support instrumentation infrastructure at MSU laboratories while students enrolled in this self financed certificate course will be placed in leading biotech firms.\"MSU is the first such institute with whom we are collaborating in India as MSU offers all programmes in the areas of microbiology, biotechnology, pharmaceutical sciences in one campus which makes it a good campus to recruit quality students,\" CEO of Synergy Biosciences LLC Dr N Bharathan, who originally hails from Bangalore, informed media persons after signing the MoU with head of Department of Microbiology professor T Bagchi, dean of faculty of science professor Nikhil Desai in presence of MSU vice-chancellor professor Yogesh Singh and director of international affairs professor Sharad Bansal.The two-month advanced training programme in biotechnology will have three core courses and a practical training component. The US firm will arrange for the faculty and scientists who will be teaching the course curriculum.\"It will be a really globalized programme - the first of its kind in the area of biotechnology as we are also going to offer students of some European countries an opportunity to study at MSU and take their practical training at US,\" said Bharathan, adding that the training programme is aimed at providing trained manpower to all industries in countries like Singapore, Sri Lanka and Bangladesh among others.The fee structure agreed between MSU and Synergy is US $ 2,500 (Rs one lakh) apart from 20 per cent additional charges as per MSU rules.\"Although on higher end compared to other courses offered at our campus, it is one-fifth of the total cost in the US,\" said a MSU official, adding that students for the advanced training programme will be screened through an all India open test by both MSU and the firm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12255866", "title": "Panchayati Raj dept ordersvoluntary info disclosure", "text": "PATNA: In a path-breaking decision, the panchayati raj department has decided to go for voluntary disclosure of information relating to all the welfare and development schemes being implemented at the panchayat and local bodies' level with immediate effect.A copy of the order was submitted before the court of State Information Commissioner Farzand Ahmed on Monday. The departmental order warned the officials associated with the three-tier panchayati system for their laid-back attitude. Ahmed, exercising the powers under Section 25 [5] of RTI Act had sent an advisory to the principal secretary of panchayati raj department to implement the provision of voluntary disclosure of related information on the website and keep it updating on a regular basis for the benefit of public.Panchayati raj principal secretary Manoj Kumar Srivastava issued the order on March 6 asking all the DMs, DDCs and executive officers of all Zila Parishads to put all information on the website forthwith and link the same with the department's website.The officials concerned would solely be held responsible for any lapses in implementation of the order, Srivastava said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12255748", "title": "Attendants catch couple kidnapping baby from hospital", "text": "KANPUR: A young couple was caught by the patients and their attendants in the general ward number 4 of Upper India Sugar Exchange 'Jaccha-Baccha' hospital on Monday night. They were trying to escape with a newly born child sleeping with her mother. Ajay and Ajamal, attendants of another patient in the ward saw an unknown woman lifting the daughter of Anita, wife of Kunjbihari from Banda. They shouted which made everyone in the ward awake. All the patients and their kin locked the ward and informed the hospital authorities who caught the woman. She was with a man standing outside the hospital gate.\"This woman was witnessed loitering in wards of the hospital since the past few days. Once she even tried to pick my daughter but my mother stopped her from doing so,\" informed Aarti, wife of Ajeet , admitted in same ward. The hospital administration called Swaroop Nagar police. The couple was taken to the police station.The patients were surprised as even after witnessing incidents of child lifting, the hospital authorities have done anything to tightened security arrangements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "12255231", "title": "Immolations issue to dominate Tibetan parliament session", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: The budget session of the Tibetan government-in-exile will begin on March 14, but the session is expected to be dominated by the rising incidents of self-immolations inside Tibet.Sources said that, for the first time perhaps, the budget would not be tabled on the first day of the session. Instead, the session is likely to begin with discussions on the immolations issue, they said.\"During budget sessions, the budget is presented by the finance minister on the first day of the session. But this time, the proceedings have been changed due to the ongoing repression in Tibet. We will have debates and discussions on the spate of self-immolations by Tibetans inside Tibet this year,\" said Karma Choephel, member of the house standing committee.During the 10-day budget session, parliamentarians will be concentrating more on Tibet-China issues this time, sources said.The Tibetan parliament has two sessions in a year -- in March and in September. The March session is held as budget session aimed at strengthening and improving the living standards of Tibetans in exile across the world.\"The session focuses on improving the living conditions of exiled Tibetans. We have seven ministries while home ministry is the biggest. The finance minister has already finalized the budget details and it has been vetted by the appropriation committee. The budget would be tabled on Thursday,\" said Karma.When asked, Karma said that budget details would be revealed on Thursday only. Budget funds are mainly allocated to home, education and health departments.The home department covers issues relating to monasteries and Tibetan settlements while the key department of information and international relations (DIIR), includes offices of Tibetan government in exile in various countries across the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12256630", "title": "2.5k cases adjourned daily", "text": "Justice delayed is justice denied is an old dictum in jurisprudence. On March 3, a fast-track court in the City Civil Court complex had to deliver its verdict on the heinous killing of Airport police station constable MC Ramachandrappa, 36.The judge couldn't give his ruling because police were not able to produce the accused - a constable and three others, who allegedly hacked Ramachandrappa to death and threw his body in a drain near Kumaran School, Konanakunte Cross, on July 16, 2009. This, thanks to the March 2 violence involving lawyers, police and media personnel.The case has now been posted for orders on Wednesday. Whether justice shall be done is subject to whether lawyers return to courts or not.Lawyers have kept away from courts since the fateful March 2. Their boycott has derailed hearing of at least 2,500 cases every day. The strike has been total at the City Civil Court behind Cauvery Bhavan complex, metropolitan magistrate courts on Nrupathunga Road and family and other courts in Nyaya Degula complex on Siddaiah Road.There are 90 courts in the City Civil Court complex and 32 in the magistrate court complex. Nyaya Degula houses a mediation centre, two industrial tribunals, four family courts and two labour courts. On an average, each of these courts tackles 20 cases, bringing the total number of cases affected in these courts to 2,500.\"There are 30 murder cases being heard in different stages in the Civil Court complex alone. Trial is on in 63 other criminal cases and 114 bail applications are being heard,\" a court official said, explaining the impact of the lawyers' strike.\"But all proceedings in criminal cases have come to a grinding halt as police haven't been able to escort undertrials from Parappana Agrahara jail to the metropolitan magistrate and sessions courts,\" a public prosecutor revealed. \"Undertrials have now been forced to stay put in jail as no police escort is being given to them to appear before courts. Some criminals facing trial have been lodged in faraway places like Hindalga jail, Belgaum. Until lawyers file objections to their bail appeals, they will not get any reprieve,\" another public prosecutor said.FTCs May Be Shifted To Surya CityAuthorities are thinking of temporarily shifting a few fast-track courts (FTCs) to Surya City of the Karnataka Housing Board near Electronics City, sources in the City Civil Court said. \"This is to give reprieve to litigants requiring urgent judicial intervention,\" an official said. PWD officials and engineers are slated to inspect and identify buildings suitable for running courts. However, it is not clear when exactly will FTCs start working from Surya City.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12255905", "title": "Now, jump red signal and get caught on cameras", "text": "KOCHI: Before you jump a red light or step on the accelerator next time, think twice as you could be caught live on any of the new cameras installed on NH 47. In an effort to improve the traffic systems, the Kerala Road Safety Authority (KSRA) has completed the first phase of installation of high-tech automatic traffic enforcement systems on the Cherthala-Mannuthy stretch of NH 47.As part of the Rs 8.5 crore project, 65 automatic traffic enforcement systems will be installed at 23 points along the 98-km stretch from Cherthala to Mannuthy. Deputy transport commissioner P A Sainudeen said the department had completed installation of 15 surveillance systems on the Cherthala-Vyttila stretch and the systems would start functioning from Wednesday. He also said the second phase, from Vyttila to Mannuthy, would be completed within a month.The project is being implemented by KSRA and the Motor Vehicles Department with the technical support of Keltron as part of the decision to observe 2011-2020 as the 'decade of action for road safety'.\"Our aim is to convert the 98km stretch into a zero-accident zone. Offenders will be traced based on visuals of vehicles and registration plates and they will be issued notice,\" said Sainudeen. The monitoring technology involves a mixture of virtual sensors, motion detectors, inductive sensors, logo sensors and high resolution cameras.S P Gopakumar, project manager, Keltron said, pictures of number plates would be captured using 10 megapixel cameras. \"The main server that will be linked to all cameras will be set up at the deputy transport commissioner's office. The magnetic sensors installed on roads will trigger the cameras in case of violations and send a message to the main server,\" he said. \"We may install this system on other stretches along national and state highways,\" said Sainudeen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12256059", "title": "Corporation budget brags a water bonanza", "text": "COIMBATORE: The highlight of this year's corporation budget is 135 litres of potable water to be supplied to residents on a daily basis, starting in July. Presenting a deficit budget with no new tax proposals, mayor S M Velusamy on Tuesday expressed confidence that the city would be self-sufficient in water by July this year, when the Pillur II scheme becomes operational. According to expert opinion, a person needs 110 litres of water a day to meet basic requirements including drinking and bath water.The mayor announced Rs 595 crore scheme to ensure round the clock water supply to 60 wards in the heart of the city. \"The project will be implemented a year from now, availing funds from state and central governments. This dedicated supply will be available in wards spread across 105.06 sq km within the corporation. A total of 210mld from both Pillur and Siruvani will be used for this scheme,\" he said.Rs 3.50 crore has been allocated for a bore well scheme where 200 bore wells will be dug. \"The whole city will be covered by the Pillur, Siruvani and Prambikulam-Aliyar drinking water facilities in addition to the bore wells,\" he said.Apart from water, the budget comprises proposals for a central bus stand in Gandhipuram, a world class indoor stadium, total e-governance, use of solar energy , stringent enforcement of plastic ban and libraries for each corporation ward. The corporation also took over the responsibility to protect eight lakes in the city from Public Works Department.The mayor also announced the corporation would save Rs 15.60 crore as the state government had agreed to write off these arrears to be paid to TWAD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12257081", "title": "Jobless youth kills father, hangs body", "text": "CHENNAI: A jobless youth killed his 60-year-old father following a quarrel at their Korukkupet home on Monday night and then made it look like a suicide, police said. The youth, Prasad Babu, was arrested and remanded in judicial custody.Police said Jagadeeshwaran, a small-time textile businessman, chided Prasad Babu for not trying to seek employment. An enraged Prasad hit his father on the head with a steel folding chair before strangling him. Later, he hung the body from the ceiling to make it appear that his father had took his own life.After a while, Babu's uncle Vembu came to meet Jagadeeshwaran, found him hanging and lodged a complaint with the Korukkupet police. Police rushed to the house on Shanmugarayan Street and sent the body to the Stanley Medical College and Hospital for autopsy.After police brought Jagadeeshwaran's body down, they found injury marks on the head. When questioned, Vembu said Babu was there in the house at the time and later went missing. \"We searched for Babu and nabbed him after a brief while. During interrogation, Babu confessed to having committed the murder,\" deputy commissioner of police S Lakshmi told TOI. Narrating the sequence of incidents, Babu told police that his mother Hemavathy, before leaving for a relative's marriage in Madharpakkam near Gummidipoondi, gave him money to pay the LPG delivery man who was expected to bring a cylinder that day. Babu, however, bought liquor with the money and was drinking at home when Jagadeeshwaran returned.Seeing his son drinking, Jagadeeshwaran chided him for wasting all his time and a wordy duel ensued. Babu slammed a steel chair on his father's head, police said. Babu told police that a bleeding Jagadeeshwaran asked him to end his life and that he (Babu ) strangled his father before tying a noose round the neck and hanging the body from the ceiling. Jagadeshwaran is survived by his wife Hemavathy and three sons. Prasad Babu is the second son.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "12256936", "title": "Now, Amarchand retracts his statements", "text": "JODHPUR: Amarchand, husband of missing nurse Bhanwari Devi, on Tuesday retracted his statements before the CBI court saying he was forced by the CBI to record statements before a magistrate under section 164 of the CrPC and that his statements should not be read out during the trial.He is the fifth accused to have retracted statements. Earlier Sahi Ram, Umesha Ram, Bishna Ram and Kailash Jakhar had done the same.So far CBI had recorded statements of 11 people, including both accused and witnesses of the Bhanwari case. Three accused, Om Prakash , Ashok and Balia, had refused to record their statements. Altogether there are 17 accused in the case.Public prosecutor (CBI), S. S. Yadav has, however, claimed that the retraction of the statements by the accused will not affect or weaken the case.Apart from retracting his statements, Amarchand also moved an application before the ACJM court, CBI cases, seeking proper medical care in some good hospital of the city. His counsel Muktesh Maheshwari told the court that he has a fracture in his leg, the plaster of which has been removed before time and there are chances that he may get permanently handicapped. The court, however, refused to admit the application and advised him to request directly to the jail administration.Amarchand had attempted to escape his questioning by the CBI and jumped from the first floor of the circuit house here and fractured his leg on the night of December 8, 2011. He was arrested the same night.On the other hand, all 13 accused, against whom, a chargesheet was field on February 29, were produced before the CBI court on Tuesday. The court committed the case to the SC/ST court and extended their judicial custody till March 27. With the committal of the case, 10 of the 13 accused, which included Mahipal Maderna , Malkhan Singh Bishnoi, Paras Ram Bishnoi, Sahi Ram, Amarchand, Umesha Ram, Bishna Ram, Om Prakash, Ashok and Kailash Jakhar will appear before the SC/ST court on March 27 and the charges against them will be read out. The remaining three accused Pukh Raj, Dinesh and Reshma Ram, against whom investigation is pending, will also appear before the CBI court on the same day.Bhanwari's son joins office as junior clerkJaipur: Bhanwari Devi's son Sahil has joined as a junior clerk at the office of chief medical and health officer in Jodhpur. The state government had announced a job for Sahil on compensatory grounds when the CBI declared in the court that auxiliary nurse and midwife Bhanwari Devi was dead. CMHO Dr RC Mathur said he has been sanctioned posting at the office and joined duty on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12256934", "title": "Zaheda, two others remanded in judicial custody till March 26", "text": "INDORE: A special CBI court on Tuesday remanded interior designer Zaheda Parvez and two other accused in the judicial custody for 14 days in the RTI activist Shehla Masood murder case.Special CBI court Judicial Magistrate Dr Shubhra Singh asked Zaheda, her friend Saba Farooqui to appear before the court on Wednesday to inform about their decision on recording of confessions and statements under the Section 164 of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC). The third accused, Saquib alias Danger, sought ten days' time for the same.CBI counsel Hemant Shukla told newsmen that the court granted 24 hours to Zaheda and Saba to think over recording of their confession and statements. Saquib pleaded that he be granted 10 days' time to decide on the same, Shukla added.Both Zaheda and Saba would appear before the court on Wednesday at 11 am, he said.Earlier, The CBI sought the judicial remand of the accused and the court ordered sending them to jail till March 26.Three accused were brought to the CBI court in Indore from Bhopal at around 11 am on Tuesday and the hearing lasted half an hour. Media persons were not allowed entry in the court room at the time of hearing.The CBI had arrested three persons in August 2011 on charges of the RTI activist's killing. The other accused, Irfan, was arrested by the special task force of Uttar Pradesh police in Kanpur in connection with the other case.Saquib allegedly hired Irfan on Zaheda's behalf to eliminate Shehla. Irfan reportedly told the UP police that he, Shanu Aulanga and Salim shot Shehla outside her house in the Koh-e-Fiza area in Bhopal.According to the preliminary investigations, Zaheda was allegedly jealous of the 32-year-old RTI activist's alleged proximity to BJP MLA Dhruv Narayan Singh. Singh is also being quizzed in connection with the murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "washington ", "code": "12260327", "title": "Looking forward to work with new ISI chief: Pentagon", "text": "WASHINGTON : The US is looking forward to work with the new head of Inter-Services Intelligence of Pakistan, Pentagon said, noting the US-Pak relationship is critical for the region and Afghanistan. \"We look forward to working with the new chief,\" the Pentagon spokesman, Navy Captain John Kirby , said yesterday, when asked about announcement of the new ISI Chief. On March 18, Lieutenant Gen Zaheer ul-Islam would replace Lieutenant Gen Ahmed Shuja Pasha as the new ISI chief. Under Pasha, Americas relationship with Pak's top spy agency had hit a new low. \"We look forward to having a good partnership with Pakistan moving forward. That's what our focus is on. We believe it is critical for the region and for the mission in Afghanistan ,\" Kirby said. However, he said that the US has nothing to say on the appointment and the decision. \"This is the decision that the civilian leadership of the nation of Pakistan get to make. It is not for us to make the comment one way or the other their appointments to high office,\" said the Pentagon spokesman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12255986", "title": "Trader robbed of Rs five lakh cash", "text": "Thieves stole Rs five lakh cash from a businessman right in front of the HDFC Bank near Paradise in Secunderabad on Tuesday evening. Joginder Singh alias Chowdhary of Malakpet runs a private transport company from Park Lane in Secunderabad, the Ramgopalpet police said. At about 4 pm, Singh went to the bank and withdrew Rs five lakh cash.He placed the cash in a handbag. \"While he was walking towards his parked vehicle, two youngsters came on a bike from the rear side and snatched the bag. Before Joginder could recover from shock and call for help, they quickly disappeared into the bylanes,\" Ramgopalpet inspector V Raja Rao said. Police made the victim go through CCTV footage of the bank to identify the culprits, but he could not point out the suspects. Police are also looking into traffic surveillance camera footage to identify the thieves. A case has been booked against the duo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12254235", "title": "State releases Rs 5cr for eco-tourism", "text": "NAGPUR: With 15 days left for the financial year to close, the state on Tuesday released Rs 5 crore to boost eco-tourism in the protected areas (PAs).Of the Rs 5 crore, Rs 2 crore has been allocated to Kalsubai Harishchandragad Sanctuary and Chikhaldara and Somthana in Melghat Tiger Reserve (MTR). Besides, Rs 1.39 crore has been released for Jayakwadi, Sahyadri, Bhimashankar and Sanjay Gandhi National Park ( SNGP) in Borivali.Similarly, Rs 1.61 crore has been released for PAs including Pench, Bor, Nagzira, Navegaon and Melghat. For TATR, Rs 38 lakh is expected in a day or two. The MTR has received Rs 78 lakh. Most of the amount is expected to be spent on road network.The PCCF (wildlife) had submitted proposals worth Rs 8 crore for eco-tourism in state national parks and sanctuaries on February 21, 2012. Although the government released the money 20 days ago, sources said proposals from the respective sanctuaries were received late.The works include road repairs, display boards, interpretation and nature centres etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12256008", "title": "Madrassa board seeks Right to Education Act revision", "text": "HYDERABAD: The State Deeni Madaris Board has demanded the Centre to review the Right to Education Act and allay the apprehen- sions of the minorities, particularly the Muslims, whose religious institutions are not recognized. The executive committee of the board that met on Monday said that the RTE, in its present form, poses danger to the madrassas.The RTE also opens gates for the government to interfere in the functioning of the madrassas, it said.Chairing the session, board president Maulana Shah Jamalur Rahman Miftahi said that the DMB will organize meetings in every district in the state to build public opinion in favour of amendments to the RTE Act.Islamic jurist Maulana Khalid Saifullah Rahmani presented a report on the functioning of the board. The participants also emphasized the need to submit their demands to the governor and chief minister of the state, besides the central government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12255817", "title": "Monthly polio administration drive soon", "text": "KANPUR: The district administration and the medical department have decided to launch monthly polio administration drives to maintain the position of the district as 100 per cent polio-free place. This decision was taken at a meeting held at the collectorate on Tuesday. Chief medical officer Jai Singh said that health authorities had decided to launch monthly polio administration drives in as many as 54 districts of the state. Bi-valent polio vaccine will be used this time. \"Initially we were using mono-valent vaccine which was unable to kill the virus fully. This time, polio drive will contain bi-valent vaccines which are highly capable of curing T1 and T3 polio viruses,\" Singh said.The first monthly polio drive will be launched on March 18. After this, similar drives will be carried out in the region in every fourth week. No case of polio was reported in the region in 2009, 2010 and 2011. In 2008, one case was reported from the rural areas of the district.According to the WHO standards, it requires at least three years consecutively of there being no polio case before a region can be declared as safe zone of polio eradication.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12256014", "title": "HC upholds Nizam's kin suit in property case", "text": "Justice G V Seethapathy of the high court on Tuesday upheld the power of Fatima Fauzia, granddaughter of the last Nizam, to file a civil suit for partition of the property of the Nizam, particularly the land of about 24 acres on Road No.3 of Banjara Hills. The judge dismissed a revision petition questioning the action of the judge of the city civil court in entertaining the suit.It was contended by Shahamat Ali Khan, Nizam's grandson, that the plaintiff was not entitled to partition. Earlier, against an order of injunction, Khan had moved the HC in a civil revision petition. The counsel for the plaintiff contended that there was no disqualification and that the plaint could not have been returned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12256134", "title": "Passport verification delay costs government dear", "text": "HYDERABAD: The delay in verification process of passports has just not cost the applicants dearly but also the state government. According to a recent finding through an RTI application, the state government has lost about Rs 10 crore which it was entitled to from the central government in the last five years due to the delay in police verifications.The central government through the Regional Passport Office (RPO) pays Rs 100 per verification to the state government if it is done within 21 days but pays only Rs 25 if it gets delayed for more than that stipulated time. The verification is undertaken by the Special Branch of the AP police. Even after consistently losing close to Rs 2 crore every year the government seems to have done little to ensure better inflow into the state coffers.The loss of funds is indicative of the bigger problem that passport-seekers go through. The RTI query has revealed that the passport applications verified within 21 days stood at just about 6.5% in 2007, a lowly 2% in 2008, only to hit an all time low of 0.7% in 2009. In 2010, only 2.5% of the total applications were verified within 21 days. However, 2011 figures were a little better with 25% of the verifications done within 21 days time. On an average, 2.5 - 3 lakh passport applications are received by the Hyderabad RPO.RTI activist P Ramakrishna, who has been filing RTI applications on this issue for the last six months, said \"I wanted to know the exact reasons for the delay in processing passport applications. I learnt that it was mainly due to police verifications but I was shocked to know that the state government was losing a considerable revenue due to the delay in the process. Hence, I decided to get the exact figures for the last five years.\" He adds, \"Is it that difficult for the government to improve the situation by employing a few more people (for verifications) and earn at least a part of the revenue?\"According to him, the delay in the verification process is taxing for citizens and giving rise to corruption. However, special branch officials blame the lack of manpower and overburdened staff for the situation. A senior official attached to the Special Branch said, \"The passport verification is only an additional duty for us among many others. On an average, the Cyberabad and Hyderabad zones receive a total of 40% of the total passport applications of the state. Each officer has at least 10 applications to verify at any given time and each verification takes at least one hour. At this rate we would only be doing passport verification throughout the day.\" He also said that there could be practical problems leading to the delay, including difficulty in finding the address of applicants, change of address, credentials and background verification from different departments.The official, however, said that the department was trying to work out a way to speed up the verification process.The central government through the Regional Passport Office (RPO) pays Rs 100 per verification to the state government if it is done within 21 days but pays only Rs 25 if it gets delayed for more than that stipulated time. The verification is undertaken by the Special Branch of the AP police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12256091", "title": "A sunny proposition to save energy", "text": "COIMBATORE: The acute energy crisis has forced corporation officials to think of energy-saving options which include solar energy and LED lights. With the Union Renewable Energy Ministry proposing a solar city project with massive financial assistance, corporation authorities are very keen on exploiting the opportunity.Once the solar city idea gets operational, the corporation will get assistance from the centre to ensure solar energy for government offices, apartments and commercial hubs. All mercury vapor and tube lights across the city will be replaced with energy saving LED lights. In addition, all corporation buildings, offices, bus shelters and public toilets will use LED lights.Corporation Commissioner T K Ponnusamy said the civic body hopes to be a model for similar bodies to emulate. He further said there are 37,000 street lights within old corporation limits and another 27,000 in the new areas.Roadside street lights would be shifted to the median in Mettupalyam Road (ARC Junction-Thudiyalur stretch), Lali Road Junction-Marumathamalai Road, Athupalam-Kovaipudur Pirivu stetch of palakkad Main Road and Kurichy-Echanary road, he said.Ponnusamy said a feasibility study was conducted in Big Bazaar street. As part of the first phase all the street lights were replaced with LED lights which resulted in 25% energy savings. Based on these results, it was decided to install LED lights in all corporation buildings, bus stands and public toilets. This will help reduce expenses by several crores.\"This is a very important project which will help us save energy by at least 50%,\" said A Thangavelu, Chief Engineer, Coimbatore Region. He said the corporation pays nearly Rs2 crore on electricity charges. By switching to LED lights energy consumption will be dramatically reduced, he added..", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12259038", "title": "Sanjay Dutt, Sonakshi, Ajay come forward for help", "text": "In a rare show of compassion and solidarity, the lead stars of 'Son of Sardar' have come forward to offer adequate financial assistance to family of the lightman Bala who was killed on Monday on location in Patiala.Shooting remained suspended for the second day on Tuesday as a special pooja was conducted for the deceased.A pall of gloom had descended on Patiala.Says a source, \"Sonakshi who's like the baby of the unit was specially affected by the tragedy. Though there was a suggestion that shooting should be resumed on Tuesday no one was in the mood to work. The entire cast and crew is badly shaken by the accident.\"Says the film's producer Kumar Mangat, \"Ajay, Sanjay Dutt , Sonakshi and the rest of the unit have offered every possible assistance to the deceased's family. What happened was truly unfortunate.\"When asked if this setback would affect the film's schedule, Kumar Mangat replied. \"Our Diwali release remains unaffected. However, the mood of fun and masti is gone from location.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12256265", "title": "Mumbai youth steals family gold for trip with lover", "text": "MUMBAI: Three months after he reportedly fled to Goa and Karnataka with his girlfriend on stealing gold ornaments, worth Rs 11.5 lakh, from his grandfather's residence, a 20-year-old college student was arrested by the Mulund police from Karnataka on March 8.Borivli resident Tejas Makwana and his 15-year-old girlfriend had been living life king size-by spending portions of the loot and evading paying hotel bills-till they ran out of luck when the staff of a Karnataka hotel caught them last week as he tried to flee without paying Rs 15,000. The duo was handed over to Gokarna cops.\"After the Karnataka police detained them, Tejas and his girlfriend called their parents' asking them to deposit money in their bank accounts so that they could clear the bills,\" said ACP (Mulund) Mahadev Gundewadi . The parents, who had already lodged complaints, informed the Mulund police about the two's location. Mulund police senior inspector Jivajirao Jadhav formed a team of assistant inspector Dilip Dhamunse and others that contacted the Gokarna police and got their custody.Tejas told the police that he had planned the theft when he, with his parents, visited his grandfather Mukund Makwana's home in Mulund (W) in November, 2011. \"Mukund had brought home cash and ornaments from his bank locker. On December 1, he found the gold and Rs 35,000 in cash missing and also could not find Tejas anywhere,\" said Jadhav. Mukund lodged a complaint with the Mulund police saying his grandson did not tell him that he was going out. \"I tried calling Tejas, but he did not answer. Sensing what might have happened, I lodged a theft case against him,\" Mukund said. The girl's family also lodged a missing person's complaint.Tejas told the police that after stealing the valuables, he met his girlfriend, who also stayed in Mulund, and they hired a car to Goa. \"On reaching Goa, Tejas ran away without paying the driver Rs10,000,\" said senior inspector Jadhav.The Mulund police learnt that Tejas, with the girl, stayed in several beachside hotels in Goa for a few days and fled without settling the bills. \"The accused sold 25% of the stolen gold. The rest has been recovered from his friend's home in Mulund,\" said Jadhav. In February , hoteliers in Goa almost caught the duo, but Tejas escaped . The girl was handed over to Goa cops. \"In February, we brought back the girl. A few days later, Tejas visited Mulund and again they eloped. This time, he duped the driver of the SUV he hired from Goa of Rs10,500,\" said Jadhav.On leaving home for the second time, the duo went to Karnataka. It was there that the staff of a hotel caught them and called the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12255064", "title": "Day temperatures falls after rain", "text": "LUCKNOW: It was yet another unusually 'colder' day in Uttar Pradesh due to rain which brought the day temperatures down to a considerable extent on Tuesday.According to state Met department, it was a western disturbance that caused rain in parts of the state. Met director JP Gupta, however, said that the WD is likely to fade out by Wednesday.The Met department predicted the rise in day temperature by the weekend.Overcast skies followed by a spell of rain in the afternoon brought down the temperatures to an extent in Lucknow which saw its maximum day temperatures falling by around three degree Celsius from normal. A day before, the fall in day temperatures were caused by rain that were attributed to easterly winds. Gupta said that once the system fades a clear sky will prevail.Maximum day temperature was recorded in Lakhimpur Kheri where day temperature dropped by seven degrees from normal.The deviation from normal was considerable in eastern UP as well. Be it Gorakhpur, or Varanasi, Bahraich or Sultanpurpur - all registered a plunge of five degrees from normal because of rain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12256398", "title": "Funds misuse remark: Gupta hits back at CM", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after CM Sheila Dikshit accused Vijender Gupta of fund misuse, the BJP state president hit back by calling Dikshit a \"dictator\". He said she was acting in a high-handed way by making false allegations against him and his wife's NGO Sampurna.Gupta also said he will file defamation case against Dikshit.According to Gupta, BJP will soon publish a booklet on the slipshod management and scams during the tenure of Dikshit. These include urban infrastructure development scam, power scam, water supply problems, unauthorized colony scam, bungling in Rajiv Ratna Aawas Yojna and PDS scam, and so on, Gupta announced.Gupta accused Dikshit of suppressing those who have been raising their voice against corruption in her government. He added that the Congress has misused power openly and been corrupt. He said the way they had stifled the Anna movement showing complete disregard for the law is mirrored in their treatment of the BJP. He said the people of Delhi have sounded the bugle against the Congress and, therefore the government has started fabricating charges.Gupta made this tirade before the media on Tuesday. Mayor Rajni Abbi, Vijay Jolly, Pravesh Verma, Yogender Chandoliya and Shubhash Arya were also present at the press conference. He alleged that though CAG, V K Shunglu Committee, PAC of Delhi Government, CBI, CVC, CPWD, Central Energy Department, Central Revenue Department, Income Tax Department and Lokayukta of Delhi have accused Dikshit of being responsible for scams, misuse of position, forgery, fraud and so on, she has not resigned from the post. Directly challenging the CM, Gupta said that BJP will not give in to pressure. Whenever the Delhi government will be guilty of corruption, fuel price rise and make anti-people decisions, BJP will give a fitting reply through public movements and agitations.Signatures of 20 lakh Delhiites have been submitted to the President of India for necessary legal action. Because of this, Dikshit is on the back foot, Gupta said. He further alleged that despite serious charges being levelled against the CM, Congress president Sonia Gandhi, PM Manmohan Singh, Home Minister P. Chidambaram, Urban Development Minister Kamalnath have not taken any legal action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12257153", "title": "Workshop on zonal action plans", "text": "BHOPAL: An introductory workshop on the zonal action plans designed by the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) for New Market and AIIMS will be organized at Palash Hotel on March 14 from 12 noon.The zonal action plan includes redevelopment of New Market, Jawahar chowk, South TT Nagar, Malviya Nagar and the area around the upcoming AIIMS, localities near the Inter State Bus Terminus ( ISBT), Kasturbha Hospital, Shakti Nagar, Saket Nagar, Bagmugaliya, Katara Hills and Bagsewania among others.Mayor Krishna Gaur, chairperson of the BMC council Kailash Mishra, BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava, officials of the district administration, residents, members of the trade associations and other public representatives are invited for the introductory meet.Suggestions of the residents will also be invited during the meet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12255961", "title": "Netas duping dalits and tribals?", "text": "Governments of all hues at the Center and state levels have always claimed to be working for uplift of dalits and tribals, two of the most deprived sections in India. Together, they comprise nearly a quarter of India's population. Yet progress has been slow and patchy despite decades of affirmative action. Why?Part of the answer lies in gross neglect and insincerity of political rulers - this is the conclusion of a study by the Center for Budget and Governance Accountability (CBGA), a Delhi-based think-tank.Based on CBGA's findings, it turns out that in 2011-12, for instance, dalits were deprived of about Rs.23,890 crore and tribals of Rs.12,187 crore by deficient allocation by central government ministries.Putting two key central government policies related to dalits and tribals under the scanner, CBGA researchers found that these have largely remained on paper. These policies are the Special Component Plan (SCP) for scheduled castes and the Tribal Sub-Plan (TSP) for scheduled tribes. Started three decades ago, they made it mandatory for central government ministries and departments to earmark a fixed share of their spending for dalits and tribals, in proportion to their population. This means that each agency needed to exclusively spend about 16% of their funds on dalits and about 9% on tribals.Analysing data from 2004-05 till 2010-11, CBGA found that allocation for dalits has ranged between 4% to 8%, and allocation for tribals between 3% to 5% only. That is, the government is officially allocating only about half the funds of what it is mandated to do. In fact most ministries did not even differentiate between dalits and tribals while giving spending details and just gave a notional, lumpsum figure, says CBGA.These funds were meant for various schemes ranging from education to employment creation. Several crucial schemes like Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA), schemes in higher education, Integrated Child Development Services (ICDS), National Rural Health Mission ( NRHM) and Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) do not even have clear guidelines about provisions for dalits and tribals. Some schemes like the Indira Awas Yojana and the Swarnajayanti Gram Swarozgar Yojana do have such specific provisions and hence, work better.Bowing to continued criticism on this count, the Planning Commission set up a Task Force in 2010 headed by Narendra Jadhav. Among other things, this recommended that every year, each ministry should give details of how much money they spent on schemes related to dalits and tribals. Details of spending are thus fully available since 2010-11 and they confirm the dismal picture of earlier years: spending continues to languish in the 8-9% range for dalits and 3-5% for tribals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12255954", "title": "Gang hired to kill Telugu news channel reporter", "text": "HYDERABAD: Task Force sleuths apprehended five persons who were planning to kill a Telugu news channel reporter on Tuesday.According to the police, a Telugu news channel reporter fell in love with a girl and married her eight months ago. However, the girl's family members were dead against the marriage as they belong to a different community.The reporter and his wife hail from Khammam.After the marriage, they started living at Manikonda. Since the time of the marriage, the girl's family members bore a grudge against him. Recently they hired a five-member gang to eliminate the reporter, a Task Force inspector said.The gang struck a deal for Rs five lakh and even took Rs one lakh as advance from the girl's family.After collecting the initial payment, the gang members started keeping tabs on the reporter's movements. Meanwhile, police got wind of the plot and nabbed them at Shaikpet on Tuesday.The culprits were being interrogated by the Task Force sleuths.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "mumbai/new delhi", "code": "12255081", "title": "DGCA orders inquiry into AI near-mishap", "text": "MUMBAI/NEW DELHI: The DGCA has ordered a probe into Monday's near mishap in which 121 people onboard an Air India plane had a miraculous escape when the aircraft's tail hit the runway in Mumbai while landing at high speed.\"The matter has gone to the DGCA. There will be an inquiry shortly. We have to wait for the report. It seems to be a matter of tail strike which occurs when a pilot flies the aircraft above a certain prescribed angle,\" the official said.\"The exact reason will be known only after the report. But it seems to be a miscalculation by the pilot that led to the aircraft not touching down at the correct angle,\" the official said. Civil aviation minister Ajit Singh said he has asked for the report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "12256682", "title": "IRB jawans escape twin blasts in Palamu", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Jawans of Indian Reserve Battalion (IRB) had a providential escape on Tuesday when Maoists triggered two simultaneous landmine blasts at Tailyadeeh Mor in Chhaterpur of Palamu district.Additional superintendent of police (operations) Ronald Hansda said the simultaneous landmine blasts at 12.45pm badly damaged the front portion (engine) of the vehicle, in which more than six jawans of IRB were on way to Devnar. \"The occupants of the vehicle remained unhurt and their weapons too were intact. The landmine blasts created a six feet crater on the road. The jawans of IRB were on way to Devnar where an encounter had taken place between security forces and the Maoists at 9.45am. The jawans were part of the reinforcement team to take on the Maoists at Devnar,\" the ASP said.Just before the blast, some of the IRB jawans, who were also on way to Devnar as part of reinforcement team, however, passed through the spot safely on seven to eight motorcycles.Ronald said, \"A total of 25 jawans of IRB were going to Devnar from Naudeeha on bikes and vehicle when these landmine explosions took place.\" The encounter at Devnar was intermittent and lasted for over two hours.\"The Naxalites taking advantage of the area retreated. Some pools of blood had been spotted suggesting injuries in the rebel camp. At Devnar grenades were lobbed by the security forces,\" said CRPF commandant R K Dagar. He, however, could not give the exact number of grenades used by the CRPF.Palamu IG Deepak Verma expressed surprise as to why the forces used vehicle while going for reinforcement 7-8 km away. \"It was a sheer luck that there was no casualty of cops. I would look into the matter,\" said Verma. However Verma lauded the brave fight of the jawans forcing the rebels to beat a retreat. Sources said the Devnar encounter was actually a trap but the rebels failed to succeed in their plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12255800", "title": "BERC, not govt, decides fuel surcharge: Minister", "text": "PATNA: Bihar government has no role in imposing fuel surcharge on power consumers and it is the Bihar Electricity Regulatory Commission (BERC), an independent quasi-judicial body, which takes a call on the matter.This was stated by state energy minister Bijendra Prasad Yadav in the legislative council. Replying to a question of Nawal Kishore Yadav (RJD) and Birkeshwar Prasad Singh (BJP), the minister said the rise in the cost of imported coal in recent years has resulted in steep rise in the production cost of power at thermal power plants. \"The Centre has made it mandatory for the states to utilize 30% imported coal in their power plants while NTPC's Kahalgaon plant mainly runs on imported coal,\" the minister said.He said the state-owned Bihar State Electricity Board sends its surcharge petition to the BERC for its approval. While the state government has no say in this matter, it has increased its grants manifold to the power board in recent years. Yet, the fuel surcharge is imposed in view of the rise in cost of power production.The Central Electricity Act, 2003 provides for the imposition of fuel surcharge. \"The matter related to the fuel surcharge has been raised at the PM's level. We hope the Centre will do something in the general budget,\" Yadav said.Industrial development:The state government has prepared a road map for industrial development. This was stated by state industries minister Renu Kumari Kushwaha on Tuesday.Replying to a question of RJD's Tanvir Hasan, the minister said in the council the government was providing subsidy up to 35% of the cost of captive power plant projects and around 60% subsidy for setting up plants to generate power through renewable energy sources. She said the share of industries in the gross state domestic product in Bihar has grown to 17.5% in 2011-12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12257292", "title": "Woman, 62, murdered in Kothrud flat", "text": "PUNE: A 62-year-old woman was found brutally murdered in the bedroom of her rented flat at Savita society, behind the Kothrud petrol pump, on Tuesday evening. Robbery seemed to be the motive behind the crime as gold ornaments worth around Rs 1.04 lakh were found missing from a cupboard in the hall.The woman, Shobha Selarka, was alone at home when she was done to death. Her husband, Laxmikant, works in a garment shop while her son, Uday, a sharebroker, had left home earlier in the evening. Uday's wife Shweta had gone to collect their daughter, Jasmine, from a playground at the nearby Ideal Colony at the time of the murder.When Shweta returned home around 7.45 pm, she found the cupboard open and her mother-in-law lying in a pool of blood in the bedroom. Shweta ran out of the flat and told her neighbours Jitendra Borse and Priya Unde about the incident. The neighbours called up the Kothrud police.Deputy commissioner of police (zone 1) Dnyaneshwar Phadtare said the woman had five or six injuries on her neck, face and head. He said the police suspect that a person known to the family committed the murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "12256072", "title": "Five killed in highway accident", "text": "KENDRAPADA: Five persons were killed and one injured in an accident in Jajpur district on Tuesday morning. The accident took place when a speeding Chandikhola-bound SUV collided with a truck at Rathai Chhack within Dharmasala police limits on NH-5, police said.The deceased are Bhagyadhar Majhi (36), Sapneswar Deuri (25), Bhahaman Deuri (24), driver Akshya Kumar Mishra (30) and Bhagirathi Pradhan (19) of Angul's Pipilibahala village within Chendipada police limits. They were returning to their village after attending a marriage function in Bhadrak, said a police officer of Dharmasala.Three persons died on the spot, while two succumbed on their way to the hospital. The injured, Akhil Sahoo, is being treated at SCB Medical College and Hospital, Cuttack. The truck driver and helper fled from the spot after the accident. Police seized both the vehicles and sent all bodies to the Jajpur district headquarters hospital for autopsy, a police officer said. Traffic was affected for two hours because of the accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12259202", "title": "A documentary on Samaresh Basu\u2019s life", "text": "Twenty-four years after his pen fell silent, a documentary is being planned on master storyteller Samaresh Basu.Conceptualized by director Goutam Ghose and the author's son, Dr Nabakumar Basu, the docu will explore the life of the man who painted a picture of working-class life as diligently as he explored sexual mores under the pen names of Kalkut and Bhromor.Dr Basu, who is in Kolkata on a threemonth vacation from London, says it was a natural decision to collaborate with good friend Goutam (Ghose). \"I have known him since the mid '80s, when he made \"Paar\" based on my father's novel. Even though we live in different time zones, we managed to keep in touch.\"The documentary has been in the planning stage for a while. \"Around 1984-85, when there was no digital medium, I had tried to capture the various moods of my father - the Naihati residence and the place where he would sit and write,\" says Dr Basu. With enough material for a 17-18 minute film, the first task was to restore the prints and then digitize them.The driving force, however, was to make a comprehensive film. \"Goutam said it was our moral duty to make a documentary on my father. He even got footage of an interview of his from Doordarshan. But this is not the first documentary to be made on him. I was in Baltimore in 2011, where a 45-minute documentary made on my father was screened at the inaugural ceremony. The narrative was punctuated by a few interviews as well, but I thought it didn't capture my father's life and works aptly.\"It was a natural decision work jointly with Goutam. Dr Basu wrote the script. \"Goutam even gave me a cameraman and together, we visited Naihati. I spoke to a few of my father's nonagenarian friends and even if most fumble for words now, we could manage to capture a part of his life through them.\"They even visited the place where the author was cremated. \"I'll be leaving for London soon. But I will be in touch with Goutam. I have immense faith in his expertise,\" says Dr Basu, who has given up his practice as a surgeon to turn writer.His novel \"Chirosakha\" has earned him rave reviews.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12256282", "title": "Mercury on the rise, Met says summer has arrived in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: The winter in the city is finally over and summer has started, according to the weather records.Three days after the city recorded its lowest minimum March temperatures of 12.7 degrees Celsius, the temperature rose above 34 degrees on Tuesday . Santa Cruz recorded a daytime temperature of 34.2 degrees Celsius, while Colaba recorded 31.7 degree Celsius. The minimum temperature was 19 degrees Celsius and 21.4 degrees in Santa Cruz and Colaba.\"The temperature is approaching their normal March mark,\" said V K Rajeev, director of weather forecast, Indian Meteorological Department ( IMD), Mumbai.The maximum temperature on Tuesday was one degree above normal and the minimum was one degree belowfor both Colaba and Santa Cruz.While the minimum temperature in Santa Cruz witnessed a 7-degree jump in three days, that in Colaba rose about 3 degrees since Saturday. The maximum temperature, however , has seen quite a fluctuation-especially in Santa Cruz, where it dipped 3 degrees before jumping up 5 degrees between Saturday and Tuesday.\"The city is still being hit by the northerly winds. But since the western disturbances, which brought cold from the western plains, has passed, the winds are not bringing the temperature down,\" said Rajeev. The weather department says there are not likely to be any more western disturbances , which may affect temperatures in the city.\"We are already in the middle of March, when the normal temperature levels are high. We do not expect the temperatures to go down again,\" said Rajeev.For the next two days at least, the weather department predicts clear skies and maximum and minimum temperature will be around 34 degrees and 20 degrees Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12255760", "title": "Support pours in for Sanand's fast-unto-death", "text": "VARANASI: Many people and organisations on Tuesday came forward to extend support to Swami Gyan Swaroop Sanand who has been on a fast-unto-death for the past five days to save the holy Ganga. Meanwhile, Sanand disclosed that he would take a decision regarding stopping intravenous drugs on Wednesday evening. However, despite talks between Ganga Seva Abhiyanam (GSA) and Union government, the deadlock on the seer's demands is still persisting. To extend his support to the seer's stir, Mufti-e-Banaras Maulana Abdul Batin visited SPG Hospital while many other groups also joined the agitation in their own style at different places in the city.Swami Sanand had stopped consuming food on February 8 and on March 9, he left even water. He was staging a sit-in under the banner of GSA at Kedar Ghat from where, on noticing sharp deterioration in his health, the district administration had admitted him to the emergency ward of SPG Hospital on March 10.Since then, he is being given intravenous drugs as he is still continuing his stir. When TOI visited the emergency ward of SPG Hospital where the seer is being treated on Tuesday afternoon, he was busy reading newspapers. On his behalf, Swami Avimukteshwaranand Saraswati, the coordinator of GSA and disciple of Shankaracharya of Jyotish and Dwarka Sharda Peeth Swami Swarupanand Saraswati, said, \"Until the government considers all five demands of GSA, the stir would continue. Swami Sanand had accepted the proposal of district officials to take intravenous drugs as he knew that the government needed some time to take any decision on the demands. But even after two days of hospitalisation, the government is not showing interest in giving any concrete assurance.\"Avimukteshwaranand added, \"Keeping the apathy of government in view, Swami Sanand would take a decision whether to stop taking intravenous drugs on Wednesday evening.\"Avimukteshwaranand said that many senior Congress leaders, including Jayanti Natrajan and Suresh Pachouri, had contacted them and expressed desire to visit the city to meet Swami Sanand. \"But when we asked if they had the authority to fulfil the seer's demands or if they could give any assurance on behalf of the prime minister, then they were welcome, the duo denied making any commitment,\" he said. To boost the morale of Swami Sanand, the Mufti-e-Banaras reached the hospital. He said that Ganga is equally important for the Muslims and the community would stand by Swami Sanand in his stir as his demands are genuine. The support not only came from the house of Mufti-e-Banaras, many other groups also joined the stir in different localities of the city in their own style. Hundreds of girl students of Gopi Radha Inter College stood on one leg for a long time on the school campus to extend support to Swami Sanand's stir. In Shivpur area, the secretary of Dharmsangh, Jagjitan Pandey, along with many other persons, stood in Pancho Pandava pond for hours while scores of 'batuks' (students of Vedic studies) also sat on a stir at Kedar Ghat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "ambala ", "code": "12255167", "title": "Feeling humiliated, ex-serviceman returns medals to minister", "text": "AMBALA : Feeling humiliated over the treatment meted out to him while pleading his case, Laftain Singh, an ex -servicemen on Tuesday returned the medals won by him during his service in the Army to revenue minister Mahendra Partap Singh.A resident of Sabga village, Laftain Singh had gone to put his case before the minister who was chairing the meeting of the district grievances committee held at Panchayat Bhawan here on Tuesday afternoon. Laftain Singh is the same person who had sent a cheque of Rs 11,000 to Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda to reward a sub-divisional magistrate (SDM) of Barara who had allegedly misbehaved with him.Laftain has a dispute with his cousin over agricultural land and he had taken up this matter with the district grievances committee.Inquiries revealed that the incident took place when officials of the district administration, especially those in the office of SDM, Barara and Ambala started laughing when Laftain while raising the issue of the land dispute asked the minister to call SDM Premchand to resolve the issue on Tuesday itself, saying that if the SDM swore before God in a temple that he had not wronged him he would take back his complaint. Initially everybody, including the minister took this point lightly. However, all those present were left red faced and there was silence when Laftain placed his medals before the minister in protest against the inaction in his complaint as well as the treatment meted out to him during the meeting.At this minister assured action while requesting him to take back the medals, Laftain said, \" Sir, I had appeared before you three months ago at the same meeting and your reply was the same. Nothing has happened in the last three months.\" Laftain also reportedly reminded the minister about the words he had said during the last meeting.The minister tried to persuade him by telling him to wait for some time but Laftain left the meeting, leaving the medals at the minister's table.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12255564", "title": "'Will try to suspend 2% interest on late payment of property tax'", "text": "NAGPUR: Soon after taking charge of Nagpur Municipal Corporation's (NMC's) treasury, chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari promised to try and scrap the 2% penal interest on late payment of property tax, and ended up posing a serious problem for the civic administration.With clear majority in hand, BJP-led Nagpur Vikas Aghadi candidate and three-time corporator Tiwari was elected unanimously as standing committee chief in the election on Tuesday morning at the standing committee hall at NMC's head office. Of 16 members, 15 were present including Tiwari, Praful Gudadhe, Parinay Fuke, Satish Holey, Sujata Kombade, Bhagyashri Kantode, Saroj Bahadure, Anita Wankhede, Ravindra Dolas, Aslam Khan, Raju Lokhande, Purushottam Hazare, Pragati Patil, Harshala Jaiswal and Alka Dalal. Surprisingly, Raju Thool was absent in the crucial election.Later, Tiwari said at a programme held in NMC premises that the 2% interest is an additional burden on citizens. \"We will take an appointment and discuss the issue with chief minister Prithviraj Chavan. Every effort will be taken to ensure scrapping of 2% interest system,\" he said.This announcement by newly elected chairman will result in sleepless nights for the administration. Municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal had imposed the system with retrospective effect from April 1, 2011. The new system is part of ready reckoner-based property tax system introduced by the state government.Jaiswal introduced the system to improve recovery of property tax, which is lagging behind target. The outgoing body had opposed the move from the beginning, thus hurting property tax collections and leading to major differences between the administration and office bearers. The same trend appears set to continue after Tiwari's statement.Assuring a people-oriented budget, Tiwari further said the budget will benefit the citizens as well as the city. \"Integrated sewage system, cement road project phase-II, improvement of basic services like water, road etc will be given top priorities. The ongoing works will be completed. New sources of revenue will be thought of to increase revenue. Review meetings will be started in the next couple of days,\" he said.Replying to a query, Tiwari said that the work orders will not be more than the estimated revenue. \"Administration always ensures works are in keeping with funds available,\" he said.Outgoing chairman Sandip Joshi was present and handed over charge to Tiwari. On behalf of the administration, additional deputy municipal commissioner Ravindra Kumbhare, deputy municipal commissioner RZ Siddiqui and municipal secretary Harish Dube greeted Tiwari.Mayor Anil Sole, deputy mayor Sandip Jadhav, MLAs Devendra Fadnavis, Vikas Kumbhare, Sudhakar Deshmukh and Krishna Khopde, leader of ruling party Praveen Datke and leader of opposition group Vikas Thakre were also present and congratulated Tiwari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12257002", "title": "Another tiger found dead in Bandhavgarh reserve", "text": "INDORE: A one-year-old tiger was found dead at the Magadi Gate of Bandhavgarh National Park and Tiger Reserve on Tuesday morning. The young feline is prima facie believed to be the victim of turf war, but poaching has yet to be officially ruled out .\"A tiger was found dead on main road near Magadi Gate which is also known as Gate no. 2 of Bandhavgarh National Park and Tiger Reserve Forest. It appears to have been killed in a territorial fight with another,\" said former minister and member of Wildlife Board Pushparaj Singh, adding that seven to eight tigers have been reportedly killed there in the last one year alone.The range officer of Bandhavgarh confirmed the tiger's death declined comment, saying senior officers were investigating the death. The park's field director C K Patil has left for the spot to take stock.Sources said that the carcass was spotted by some foreign tourists and their guide in the morning, who informed forest officials. The officials took away the body and are trying to ascertain the exact cause of death.Singh said a tigress and her two cubs were known to reside in that area, and it was possible that the dead one was killed by his stronger elder sibling. \"Turf wars are not uncommon, but the spiraling number of deaths like these is alarming. It indicates there is not enough land available for the tigers to survive,\" he said, adding that the tiger reserve is spread over 1168 square kilometre but has only 105 square kilometre of core tiger habitat.A recent forest survey had also underlined that while Bandhavgarh has around 48 tigers, there is not enough land extent for them which often lead to fatal turf battles.Over the last one-and-half year many tigers have perished that way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12255421", "title": "PM deputes minister to talk to fasting Ganga activist", "text": "NEW DELHI: In damage control mode, the prime minister on Tuesday sent Union coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal to placate the fasting G D Agrawal, a retired professor of IIT Kanpur who recently 'embraced sanyas' and took the name 'Swami Gyan Swarup Sanand'.Agrawal has been on fast since January 14 at Varanasi protesting against the continued pollution of Ganga. Three members of the PM-chaired National Ganga River Basin Authority -- Magsaysay award winner Rajendra Singh, Ravi Chopra and R H Siddiqi -- had resigned on March 10 forcing the government to pay attention to the 79-year old Agrawal's plight and demands.Jaiswal was rushed to Varanasi after a meeting held by the PM with finance minister Pranab Mukherjee and environment minister Jayanthi Natarajan besides others to address the issue on Monday.Sources said Rajendra Singh has accompanied Jaiswal and the intention is to find out Agrawal's demands.This is neither the first time Agrawal has resorted to fasting to bring attention to issues about the Ganga nor is it the first time that the UPA has put forth a team headed by a minister to placate him. Earlier, in August 2010, Agrawal had gone on fast to demand continuous flow of water in the tributaries of Ganga in Uttarakhand, forcing Mukherjee to send a personal missive to him requesting him to end the fast and accepting some of his demands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12255855", "title": "Conservators had to clear dust of history", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Experts who are restoring the prized Raja Ravi Varma painting at an undisclosed location were taken aback to see even the minute capillaries in Ranchochodlal Chotalal eyes were visible when they cleared the thick layer of dust from the painting.\"The painting has gathered 100 years of dust and then too it has stood the test of time. This is the toughest assignment that we as experts have faced at our institute,\" says conservator Indubala Raval.Raval pointed out that the canvas was weak and the paint pigments were in a stressed condition. The adhesive layer that held the pigments was slowly wearing off. Raval claims that while restoring the painting they will have to go backwards on the process of making the painting. There were at least four layers of varnish used in the painting for different levels of glow on certain parts of the painting. This varnish had to be cured and was an intricate exercise.\"Since the painting was made in Ahmedabad, we assume that Varma had used local material. The yellow varnish had turned dark brown and it was precisely for this reason many details of the painting were not visible,\" says another conservator Vismay Raval.Just a preliminary treatment to the painting has revealed a lot of the artist's talent claims Vismay. \"The painting was made in a room that was lit by an earthern lamp. Though the painting does not have the lamp but the lighting effect depicted in the painting was enough to visualize the conditions prevailing then,\" adds Vismay. A cache of special chemicals were imported from Europe for the restoration and is taking place in a controlled environment.When asked about the condition of the painting when it was brought to the lab, Raval says, \"There was dust, white wash from different years, bird droppings and a small repair work was done to the frame. Except for these the painting is authentic. Even the calligraphy style used in Varma's signature seems to be matching.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12255635", "title": "Gautam Budh Technical University opens help desk for State Entrance Exam aspirants", "text": "LUCKNOW: After going online with the State Entrance Exam (SEE) for MBA and MCA, the Gautam Budh Technical University (GBTU) has instructed its affiliated colleges to open Help Desk counters on their campuses to assist SEE candidates with any kind of information required for the exam.GBTU pro vice-chancellor and SEE coordinator Prof VK Singh said: \"The facility is already available in all engineering and management colleges affiliated to the university. Any candidate facing any problem, be it in filling up the form or anything else, can visit the help desk counters.''GBTU Registrar US Tomer has already issued a circular in this context. For the first time, GBTU will be holding a computer-based test for admissions to MBA and MCA. The entire application process for MBA and MCA, too, has been made online from this year. While the online process (for MBA, MCA) began on February 28, the manual sale of application forms for engineering started on February 20 and will be closed on March 20. Management aspirants can fill up the form till March 23 and submit it by March 26. The online MBA and MCA tests will be conducted on April 21 and 28 in 16 cities. \"We have kept two dates so that the candidates can pick up the dates according to their convenience. The dates will be given on first come first serve basis,'' said Prof Singh.SEE for admission to engineering colleges will be held on April 22 in 27 cities including Delhi and Dehradun . For smooth conduct of SEE, Prof Singh will be assisted by deputy coordinator Manish Gaur and associate coordinator Shailendra Sinha, both from the Institute of Engineering and Technology (IET).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12256992", "title": "Man seeks divorce from wife, thrashed by son", "text": "CHENNAI: A 61-year-old former railway employee, who was looking for a bride for his son, suddenly decided to divorce his wife to marry a young girl and was beaten up his by son at their house in Porur on Monday.Based on the complaint of Kuppan, a retired khalasi, the Sri Ramachandra Medical College (SRMC) police registered a case under various IPC sections, including assault, and arrested Kuppan's son Jagath Anand, an employee of a private company.After questioning both Anand and his mother Sundari (54), police said that after Kuppan let it be known that he was looking for a bride for his son, a marriage broker showed him photographs of several girls. Kuppan then decided that he would marry one of them and asked Sundari for a divorce.Sundari, who initially ignored it thinking that he was kidding her, became upset when Kuppan brought her the divorce papers and told her to sign on them saying he had got engaged to a girl from Andhra Pradesh. Sundari then complained to her Jagath Anand who confronted his father over the matter on Monday.As the quarrel intensified, Anand picked up a stick and thrashed Kuppan black and blue, police said. Kuppan was rushed to a private hospital where he is recovering, police added. SRMC police inspector R Srikanth said, \"Kuppan was involved in a dispute with his family members over sharing his property and this probably led to the incident.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12256074", "title": "Pay for Acharya's legal costs: Wife", "text": "HYDERABAD: IAS officer Ranjeev Acharya, wife of arrested IAS officer B P Acharya, has demanded that the state government defend her husband and bear all legal costs. Ranjeev Acharya wrote a letter to this effect to chief secretary Pankaj Dwivedi on Monday. Acharya is accused number one in the Emaar scam.In her letter to the chief secretary, Ranjeev Acharya, who was principal secretary, finance, until she went on leave following the arrest of her husband, said she has already spent more than Rs 2 lakh from her personal account for legal help and is not in a position to pay any more. \"It is only just that the state government provide us legal assistance\", the letter said. On his part, the chief secretary forwarded the letter to chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy for action. Analysts averred that the Acharyas would try to make common cause with the eight IAS officers on whom CBI will have to serve notices following a Supreme Court directive. \"But the cases are different, issuing notices is not the same thing as being named in a chargesheet and being arrested,' an analyst said.The eight IAS officers who were issued notices by the SC have also decided to bring pressure on the state government to defend them in the Jagan assets case on the grounds that they had only carried out the decisions taken by the then cabinet. The eight officers in question, Manmohan Singh , Y Srilakshmi, M Samuel, Aditya Nath Das, S V Prasad, K Ratna Prabha, C V S K Sarma and B Sam Bob, are reportedly in touch with one another over telephone and are likely to meet the chief minister as a delegation in a day or two. All of them have decided that the state should fund the legal assistance for them.\"I have only carried out the decision taken by the government formally approved by the cabinet. Therefore, it is only just that the government defend all the officers who have been issued notices by the Supreme Court,\" K Ratna Prabha, senior IAS officer, who is in Karnataka, told TOI. A Karnataka cadre IAS officer, Ratna Prabha served in various departments, including revenue, in the state during the YSR regime on deputation.Another senior officer, irrigation secretary Aditya Nath Das, wondered as to how officers could be blamed when they only followed the industrial policy formulated by the government.\"If that is the case, then the red carpet welcome to industrialists which is being adopted by all the states in the country should be scrapped. All my actions were backed by the cabinet decisions and the laid down state policies,\" pointed out Das.MA&UD; department principal secretary Sam Bob echoed the same and said: \"We know what we have done. All the GOs are in accordance with the law. The government has to defend its officers as they only carried forward its decisions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12257251", "title": "Bapat slams state government for water cuts in city", "text": "PUNE: BJP MLA Girish Bapat criticised the ruling alliance in the state on Tuesday for keeping the issue of biodiversity parks pending and for imposing heavy water cuts in the city. He also said that city MLAs from the Shiv Sena and BJP would raise these issues in the state assembly session starting next week.Addressing a news conference here, Bapat said, \"Before the zilla parishad elections, irrigation department officials were asked to release water through canals. It was purely to influence voters in rural areas. District guardian minister Ajit Pawar's suggestion to construct a new dam for the city's drinking water needs is ridiculous. You need a proper location and sufficient rainfall in the catchment area to build a dam, which is difficult to find.\"Bapat claimed that Pawar was creating a rift between the urban and rural population over equitable water distribution.He added, \"A mega-residential project on Sinhagad is permitted to lift water from Khadakwasla dam instead of using the Pune Municipal Corporation supply network. Such decisions are sending wrong messages to society. There should not be different rules for different people; there should be equitable distribution of water in the city.\" Bapat also criticised the government on the issue of biodiversity parks. \"Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan approved the development plan for the city just before the election, but skipped controversial issues like BDP. Similarly, the slum rehabilitation authority (SRA) issue has been kept aside to avoid controversies. There are 544 declared slums in the city, but still the government does not feel it necessary to implement SRA.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12255864", "title": "\u2018Untouchable\u2019 theyyams seek ST status", "text": "KOCHI: Even as other tribes higher up in the caste hierarchy have gone on to garner Scheduled Tribe (ST) status, the Kalanadi tribe of Wayanad are yet to benefit from the decades-old reservation policy. Bereft of other options, its members, who seasonally perform as theyyams and komarams in temples, have sought the Kerala high court's intervention.Though Kalanadis were recommended for ST status by the state government in 1964, the Central government hasn't granted it yet, which is crucial to sustaining the community, their petition said. They have also challenged a Central government notification granting ST status to communities that traditionally considered Kalanadis as untouchables.Tribes like the Kuruma have been designated ST while Kalanadis are still Other Eligible Community. Till not long ago, if a member of the Kalanadi community happened to have food or water from a Kuruma house, the plates or glasses had to be cleansed through special religious rituals. According to programmes outlined by state government's department of Scheduled Caste development, only members of Scheduled Castes and Tribes can avail benefits of the government's three-fold programmes that include education, economic development, and social upliftment and welfare schemes.Due to continuous neglect, the number of Kalanadis in the state has dwindled to 93 families and 379 members. None of the Kalanadis in the state have been able to get a government job yet while the number of professionals in the community is three - two B Tech graduates and one MCA graduate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12256060", "title": "High Court nod to Emaar villa registrations", "text": "HYDERABAD: Justice L Narasimha Reddy of the High Court on Tuesday directed the state to allow registration of villas in the Emaar project at Manikonda. \"Otherwise, the private players, who enriched themselves illegally, may take advantage of the uncertainty\", he said, and wondered why the state showered so many sops on the Dubai-based Emaar Properties.All those villa plot buyers can now get their plots registered by paying an amount of Rs 15,000 per square yard to APIIC. The judge made this order while disposing of several miscellaneous petitions filed along with a batch of petitions by villa owners challenging the state's decision to ban registrations. The court refused to vacate the stay that suspended the government order banning registration of properties, and, instead made the stay absolute.He directed the petitioners to deposit at the rate of Rs15,000 per square yard as the share of APIIC. The judge said that the amount should be kept in a fixed deposit pending disposal of the writ petition. He, however, said that the registrations would be subject to final outcome of the writ petition and other proceedings pending in various courts.A total of 535 acres were given away to the project in which 250 acres were used only for flats and plots and the entire land went into the hands of Emaar for just Rs 3.6 crore. This was despite the state giving away the land at a modest price of Rs 29 lakh per acre. Even according to this moderate price, APIIC should get roughly Rs 75 crore as its share but got only Rs 3.6 crore and the rest was shown as paid in the form of shares and debentures, the judge said.The judge made this analysis where the state through its agreements with private players had permitted a web of deceit to be woven around it. Coming down heavily on the Madhapur model of development, he noted that this is to \"impress on the policy makers who are busy looking forward to look backward also\".The judge remarked that the government had acted in a manner completely unexpected of a welfare state. \"The state chose to promote the schemes intended to benefit the elite and the rich\", he said and added, \"The unfortunate part of it is that such schemes were launched even while imposing a total ban on assignment of house sites to the poor in the districts\". He also criticised the government's purported objective of promoting tourism.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12261088", "title": "Slumdog kids get 2nd big Hollywood break", "text": "Rubina on working with Anthony Hopkins (though secretly she would prefer Sallu)After starring in Danny Boyle's Slumdog Millionaire in 2008, Rubina Ali was in news for all the wrong reasons - ugly family fights, bitter struggle to get possession of an apartment she had been promised, and a raging fire in a slum that destroyed her house.But things are changing - Rubina, now 13, has bagged a role in her second international project Lord Owen's Lady with none other than Sir Anthony Hopkins. And yes, a week back she along with her parents moved into their new apartment in Bandra.Rubina has no idea who Sir Anthony is, but her manager Dinesh Dubey describes him to her as a sort of 'baap of Hollywood, like Amitabh Bachchan.' The petite teenager has seen pictures of ex-rugby star Gavin Henson, who also stars in the film. His pretty face, she says, appeals to her.The film is a love story between a Welsh nobleman and a naively romantic Indian woman. Set to be shot in India, England and Wales, Rubina's co-stars in the movie include Rohini Hattangadi and Slumdog kids Azhar and Ayush. The shoot is scheduled for September in Shimla and she has signed up for about three weeks of work.Neither her dad nor Rubina know anything about her role, but hope it would be tinkered with once director-producer Martin Pennell realises she is now a teenager. \"Abhi Rubina bachi nahin hai, lekin badhi bhi nahin hai (Rubina is no longer a child, nor is she an adult yet),\" says her dad. At 1000 pounds a day, she stands to earn at least 21,000 pounds (around Rs 16 lakh), a sum she is not sure what she is going to do with.Perhaps her father could use it to do up their new house, which is bare and badly needs a coat of paint. The previous tenant has scribbled on the walls and in the name of furniture, there are four plastic chairs, a rickety table and a tiny mirror framed in plastic. A flat-screen TV is mounted on the wall and a tiny laptop is left on the floor to charge.Rubina has ideas of her own about how she will do up her room. But with inputs from her parents, she giggles, there is no guarantee how it will turn out. She would, however, like her photos framed and put up on the walls.The family is also considering converting the kitchen into another bedroom and are waiting for a word from the Jai Ho trust about whether they should work on sprucing up the dilapidated house on their own or wait for the builder to do it.Rubina is excited about travelling to London and Wales for the shooting. \"This will be my first time in London,\" she says. She hopes to meet 'Danny Uncle' again. Boyle was in Mumbai about 15 days ago and he checked up on her. \"Danny Uncle asked me if I was studying and if we had moved into our new house,\" she says, and proudly adds that she recently won a prize for 'best English' in school.While the excitement of starring in her second international movie with big stars is all right, Rubina is more keen to meet her idol Salman Khan someday soon. \"I've met lots of other stars, but not Salman,\" she says. \"Lekin mujhe movies pasand nahin hai. I like TV serials and I watch them every evening. I like only Salman's movies.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "12254866", "title": "Ill-attended swearing-in in Dehradun lasts 10 min", "text": "DEHRADUN: With barely 12 of Congress's 32 MLAs present, Uttarakhand governor Margaret Alva administered the oath of office and secrecy to Vijay Bahuguna as the seventh chief minister of Uttarakhand at the sprawling Parade ground here on Tuesday.Bahuguna, 65, is MP from Tehri and, apart from him, only two MLAs, Yashpal Arya and Subodh Uniyal, were sworn-in as ministers. The ceremony which began at five pm was over in 10 minutes.Eight of the 12 MLAs present were of the Congress: Subodh Uniyal, Vijaya Pal Sajwan, Yashpal Arya, Kunwar Pranav Singh, Raj Kumar, Vikram Singh Negi, Umesh Sharma and Usha Rani. The independents present were Mantri Prasad Naithani, Harish Durgapal and Dinesh Dhaney, whereas UKD' sole winning candidate, Preetam Pawar, clocked in.However, an Uttarakhand Information Department statement claimed that 18 MLAs including 14 of the Congress were present, a figure rejected by none other than the state Congress spokesperson. Most missing Congress MLAs TOI spoke to said they were either unwell or out of station, in Delhi.Speaking to TOI, Pradeep Batra said he was in Delhi while Furkan Ahmad said, \"I wanted to participate in the ceremony but was unwell.\"Bahuguna said he would leave no stone unturned to meet the expectations of the people of Uttarakhand. \"As the CM, I will emphasize on overall development of the state including industrial and infrastructural progress,\" he said. Former CMs B C Khanduri and N D Tiwari were present.Vijay Bahuguna displayed interest in politics even while on the bench and is the first high court judge to become CM. \"He was politically inclined even as a judge,\" said Justice B P Saraf of the Bombay high court. \"Had he not become CM he may well have occupied the chair of the Chief Justice of India,\" Saraf added. Justice Saraf retired in 2000 as the chief justice of Jammu &amp; Kashmir high court. As a judge, Bahuguna did not pass any notable judgment said his former colleagues and lawyers, but they recall him as an \"affable person\". Milind Sathe, senior counsel, said, \"I remember appearing once before his bench in room 21. He would talk a fair amount.\"Uttarakhand Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12257290", "title": "Smoking room must in Pune lodges from April 1", "text": "PUNE: Lodges in the city with 30 or more rooms must now have a separate smoking room if they are to get their annual licenses renewed.The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) will enforce the smoking ban laws under the Cigarette and other Tobacco Products (Prohibition of Advertisement and Regulation of Trade and Commerce Production Supply and Distribution) Act, 2003 (COPTA) while issuing/renewing licenses from April 1. The civic body has introduced certain modifications in the present criteria of giving licenses to lodges following a Bombay High Court directive.Vaishali Jadhav, PMC assistant medical officer of health, told TOI that there are 515 lodges in the city, of which 40% have 30 or more rooms. \"The renewal of licenses for these lodges is currently in process. We notify lodge owners about the change in licensing rules as and when they approach us for renewing their licenses, a process which will continue till the end of this month. Licenses are given on an annual basis from April 1 to March 31 of the next year,\" she said.PMC officials will visit the lodges to check that they have a separate smoking room and are not using the common public spaces in the premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "12258564", "title": "Inside Apple's cash coffers", "text": "NEW YORK: Apple Inc, the world's most valuable business, led US corporations in amassing a record $1.24 trillion of cash last year as memories of the 2008 credit crisis linger, according to Moody's Investors Service.Excluding Apple, with $97.6 billion of cash and no outstanding debt, the figure was relatively unchanged at $1.15 trillion, even as revenue and cash flow from operations rose to a record, Moody's analysts led by Richard Lane said in a report.Investment-grade companies graded A3 or higher by Moody's hold $594.3 billion, or 54 per cent, Moody's said in the report, which tracked cash and liquid investments for non-financials.\"Treasurers have distinct memories of capital markets closing very quickly, and I think companies in general are more focused on controlling their fate from a funding standpoint and part of that means being able to internally fund your investment needs,\" Lane said in a telephone interview. Still, \"there's a large and growing use of the cash that these companies generated over the last handful of years.\"The biggest US nonfinancial corporations maintained fortress balance sheets last year as the US economic recovery wavered and European policy makers struggled to contain the sovereign-debt crisis. Companies increased capital expenditures, dividend payments, share buybacks and acquisition spending, even after posting record revenue of $10.4 trillion and cash flow from operations of $1.3 trillion, according to Moody's.Record-low costsCompanies, including financial borrowers, sold $1.1 trillion of US dollar-denominated debt last year, enticed by record-low borrowing costs spurred by the Federal Reserve leaving interest rates in a target range of zero to 0.25 per cent, according to data compiled by Bloomberg .\"Companies have availed themselves of the low interest rates this year or last year to either refinance debt or bring debt into their capital structure for the first time,\" Lane said. \"Taken together with the economic environment modest as it was, even with increasing levels of cash outlays for research and development, capex, dividends, buybacks and acquisitions, it still resulted in companies growing aggregate levels of cash.\"Moody's, which tracked those figures through the third quarter of 2011, excluded Cupertino, California-based Apple, Qualcomm Inc and EMC Corp from the cash flow data and net debt figures to avoid skewing results, Lane said.Dividend paymentsCapital expenditures, or funds used for activities from repairing a roof to building a new factory, rose to $714 billion, the highest since 2008, accounting for the biggest use of cash from operations, the analysts said in the report. Acquisition spending followed with $329 billion, while dividend payments rose to $284 billion and share buybacks increased to $194 billion.Spending is likely to be about the same this year, as Moody's anticipates growth of 2.9 percent in G-20 economies from 3.1 per cent last year, according to the report.Moody's estimates that companies hold almost $700 billion of the cash, or 57 percent, overseas and are unlikely to pay hefty taxes to repatriate it.The increased liquidity on company balance sheets is good for credit, because it protects corporations if capital markets are disrupted, according to the report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12254847", "title": "Army clears promotions, but policy on hold", "text": "NEW DELHI: After a delay of five months, the defence ministry has cleared the results of two Army promotion boards of around 200 brigadiers and major-generals, but continues to keep the force's new promotion policy on hold for a thorough review.MoD officials on Tuesday said results of the two boards of brigadiers to major-generals and major-generals to lieutenant-generals - with the latter one being sent to the Appointments Committee of Cabinet for the final nod - would be declared soon.But the Army's proposed changes to the ``quantification-based'' selection system as well as the existing practice to bifurcate Maj-Gens and Lt-Gens into ``command'' and ``staff'' streams are yet to be cleared, with the law ministry also being consulted by MoD.The existing promotion policy was introduced in January, 2009, by previous chief General Deepak Kapoor and his then military secretary Lt-Gen Avadhesh Prakash. Gen Singh, whose antipathy to Gen Kapoor and Lt-Gen Prakash is well known, had sought major changes in the policy, which included tweaking the quantification system and abolishing the bifurcation system to revert to the earlier single stream policy, after taking over as the chief.With Gen Singh getting embroiled in his date of birth row with the MoD, the changes being sought by him in the policy have not got the green signal. ``Why does every chief want to tinker with the promotion policy? Any changes which affect the top echelons of the armed forces have to be carried out after due diligence and study,'' said a MoD official.Under the existing selection system, 95% marks are given for ``quantified parameters'' like ACRs (annual confidential reports), courses and awards. The rest 5% is kept for ``value judgement'' by selection board members on criteria like performance, recommendations, potential for employability in higher ranks and ``degree of difficulty'' in tenures.Under the bifurcation system, generals approved in the ``command'' stream go on to head operational formations like divisions and corps, while ones in the ``staff'' stream are relegated to administrative duties. This has led to some disgruntlement in the force.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12255703", "title": "Man gets life sentence for murder", "text": "KANPUR: Additional district and sessions, Ramabai Nagar, Rakesh Kumar convicted Kapoore, a resident of Parouli village in Ghatampur on Tuesday for committing a murder and punished him with life imprisonment. A fine of Rs 10,000 was also imposed on him.The prosecution had charged Kapoore and Puttan Singh of committing the murder. The judge acquitted Puttan for want of evidence and punished Kapoore.Kapoore had stabbed Anant Singh, a fellow villager on February 11, 2002. Co-accused Puttan Singh, a cousin of Kapoore, was with him at the time of murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12257223", "title": "Sassoon's former medical superintendent, peon get 1-yr rigorous imprisonment", "text": "PUNE: A special court on Tuesday sentenced Sassoon general hospital's former medical superintendent Kisan Parvati Ubale (57) and his peon Salimkhan Mohammadkhan Pathan (40) to a year's rigorous imprisonment for accepting a bribe of Rs 2,000 from a gram sevak in 2005.The complainant, Pradeep Hanumant Potghan, was appointed gram sevak in Bhor panchayat in November 2005 and was asked to obtain a medical certificate from the hospital within a month.He underwent various medical tests on December 23, 2005 and January 2 and 3, 2006, and asked for the certificate. However, Ubale told him it could not be issued since he was unfit, while his peon demanded Rs 2,000 to issue the certificate.On January 5, the state anti-corruption bureau, Pune unit, arrested Ubale for directing Pathan to accept a bribe.Additional public prosecutor Pratap Jadhav examined five witnesses, including former under-secretary Sunita Kolekar of the state health department, Mantralaya, as she had accorded sanction to prosecute Ubale.Jadhav placed his reliance on the evidence of independent witness Bhagchand Salve who was present in Ubale's chamber and had seen Ubale instructing Pothgan to pay the money to Pathan.Special judge S D Tulankar observed that Ubale had demanded a bribe of Rs 2,000 as illegal gratification as motive or reward for issuing the medical certificate to Pothgan and that he had committed an offence of criminal misconduct for obtaining pecuniary benefits by illegal means and that Pathan had abetted the crime of demanding and accepting the bribe.The judge also relied on Salve's evidence as the accused had taken Rs 500 from him to issue a certificate so that he could resume duty at the Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation. The judge held that Ubale was in the practice of accepting bribes through Pathan.Ubale was sentenced to one year's RI and fined Rs 3,000 on two counts under sections 7, 13 (1) (d) read with 13 (2) of the Prevention of Corruption Act.Pathan was sentenced to a year's RI and six months' RI and fined Rs 1,000 on two counts under sections 7 and 13 of the Act. The sentences will run concurrently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12257179", "title": "Mystery shrouds 16-yr-old girl\u2019s death", "text": "BHOPAL: A 16-year-old girl died under mysterious circumstances in Khajuri locality on Monday. The police said the deceased, Hemlata, was a resident of Phanda village.The police said the girl \"fell ill\" in the afternoon after which she was rushed to the hospital. However, the doctors declared her dead, the police added.Later on the information of doctors, the police reached hospital and sent the body for autopsy. Police said the initial statements given by the family were contrary to what was given as the reason of death in short post-mortem report.The family reportedly mentioned that Hemlata sustained injuries after falling down in the house while the autopsy report stated that she died of poisoning. Officials said investigations are on in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12257286", "title": "Mysore City Corporation to do away with mushrooming bus shelters", "text": "MYSORE: The Mysore City Corporation (MCC) council on Tuesday resolved to remove unscientific bus shelters that have mushroomed in the city.MCC chief K S Raykar told the council that they would do a survey to check unscientific bus shelters and relocate them accordingly. He also warned action against assistant commissioners of all the nine corporation zones for the fault of theirs on this score, if any.The Times of India had recently reported about unscientific bus shelters causing inconvenience to road users. The corporation council, which took serious note of the issue, on Tuesday decided to do away with such shelters after some council members referred to the TOI report.Cutting across the party lines, corporators demanded a relook into the requirement of new bus shelters that have come up across the city, and asked the MCC commissioner to relocate them to appropriate places. Lambasting the official machinery over unscientific shelters, the council members ridiculed that location of bus shelters is based on commercial aspects, rather than serving the basic purpose.Corporators Sunanda Palanethra, Sathish Swamy, Ayub Khan and P Devaraj said advertizing mafia has cropped up in the name of bus shelters and it has been commercialized. Even shelters have been created at unnecessary locations and also at close distances. They also asked the authorities to stick to one advertizing policy. Devaraja said on one side, officials ban advertizing hoardings in heritage core area, but on the other hand, they give permission for ads at bus shelters in the core area.Demanding action against the officers concerned, Sathish (aka Sandesh Swamy) suggested to create bus bays at all bus shelters to facilitate smooth flow of traffic.Raykar explained that 'Intelligent transport system' is being implemented in Mysore -- a first in the county -- with funds from World Bank. \"Under the scheme, the corporation is supposed to create 800 bus shelters in city, but KSRTC authorities had agreed for only 116, of which the work on 46 is complete,\" the commissioner stated.Deputy mayor M J Ravikumar, who chaired the meeting in the absence of mayor Pushpalath Chikkanna, intervened and gave a ruling to present a detailed report about the bus shelter project in the next council meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12257130", "title": "Dump yard wall plan speeded up after fire", "text": "CHENNAI: The fire at the Kodungaiyur dump yard has come as a reminder for the Chennai Corporation to complete construction of the compound wall around the place.The 198 crore project to build the wall began in April last year after the Madras HC ordered the civic body to make sure garbage was not burnt at the site. Civic body officials have always maintained that they do not burn the garbage, and that it is rag pickers who get in and set fire to retrieve metal. \"They burn tyres to retrieve the wires, or pick out metallic rods and such things,\" said corporation commissioner P W CDavidar.The corporation is now speeding up construction of the seven-foot wall that runs along the 3,900-metre periphery of the dump yard. They hope this wall will at least reduce, if not stop instances of people illegally entering the yard. They say 95% of the construction is over,but even after it is complete, rag pickers may scale the wall. \"But this can bring down the number of intruders,\" said a corporation official. \"About 500 ragpickers jump over the wall or dig a pit to crawl under the wall.\"The civic body is now planning to approach police to provide extra security to the dumpyard. \"Our aim is mainly put out the smoke and fire. People have suggested some fancy methods to improve security, but those can be dangerous and cost crores of rupees. Seeking police help is the only alternative,\" said Davidar. \"We had invited suggestions to scientifically close the dump yard,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12257243", "title": "10 persons take ill after drinking contaminated water in Hunsur", "text": "MYSORE: More than 10 persons have taken ill after consuming contaminated water in Hunsur since Monday.Seven persons, including children below 10 years, residing in Kalkunike, Ranganatha Extension and Basavanagudi in the town were admitted to Hunsur Government Hospital after they continuously vomited on Monday. Three others from the aforesaid areas were admitted to the hospital on Tuesday.Speaking to TOI, district surveillance officer Dr D G Nagaraj said they have found leakage in drinking water pipelines in those areas. They might have fallen ill after drinking contaminated water. \"All of them have recovered. Samples of water and their stool have been sent to the laboratory,\" he said, adding: \"If it is a case of diarrhoea, gastroenteritis or cholera will be confirmed after getting the reports.\"District health officer Dr Malegowda said the leakage of drinking water pipelines has been brought to the notice of Hunsur town municipality.A month ago, the district health department conducted a door-to-door awareness campaign on the prevention of epidemic diseases and maintaining cleanliness in Hunsur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12259421", "title": "Malayalam actor Jagathy Sreekumar progressing well after 3 operations", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Malayalam film actor Jagathy Sreekumar is progressing well after three operations to fix fractures on his hand, leg and hip following the March 10 accident, doctors attending on him said.\"The operations to fix fractures on the right hip, right thigh and right foream were completed successfully by 6 PM yesterday after a seven-hour long operation,\" Dr Abdullah Cherakkat, Managing Director, Malabar Institute of Medical Sciences (MIMS) hospital, told mediapersons here today.He said Sreekumar was responding well to treatment and ventilator support might be removed this evening.The car driver, who was also injured has been shifted to a room after his condition improved, he said.Sreekumar, who was on his way to Kodagu in Karnataka to shoot a Malayalam film 'Idavappathy' was seriously injured when his car slammed into a road median at nearby Tenhipalam last Saturday and overturned.Sreekumar's son-in-law Shaon said the family is grateful to the hospital and thousands of people who had prayed for the early recovery of the veteran actor, who has acted in over 1100 films.Association of Malayalam Movie Artists president Innocent and actor Vijayaraghavan were among those visited Sreekumar at the hospital on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12256947", "title": "Bakery course wraps up", "text": "LUDHIANA: A week-long training course on bakery and confectionery organized by the Department of Food and Nutrition of Punjab Agricultural University, concluded on Tuesday. Participants included faculty members and students of BSc home science.Neelam Grewal, dean, College of Home Science, said, The training in bakery and confectionery is aimed at providing an opportunity to students to set up their own establishment and become job providers instead of job seekers. Certificates were distributed among participants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12255534", "title": "Youth beaten to death in 'TMC-led' kangaroo court", "text": "KOLKATA: A youth was beaten to death in front of his wife at a kangaroo court in a Diamond Harbour village, allegedly presided over by a Trinamool Congress panchayat pradhan. He was murdered for the 'theft' of a brass pot.The incident happened on the evening of Holi in Boria-Durganagar village of Kalinagar gram panchayat. Nemai Halder was tied to a lamp-post and nails were hammered into him, says his mother Ranjita. Local Trinamool panchayat pradhan Ashok Sardar and panchayat members Ramkumar Mondal and Chandi Mondal were present when Nemai was tortured and battered with bricks and rods in front of a huge crowd, say Ranjita and Nemai's widow Latika.The Trinamool leaders have denied the allegation. \"I was far away from the spot. According to my information, no complaint has been made against me at the police station,\" said Sardar. Nemai's family alleges that the police refused to accept their complaint.Nemai used to do odd jobs in the village. On February 29, he went to his neighbour Chandi Mondal's house to drink water. Later, Mondal accused him of stealing his brass water pot. Halder was arrested and released on bail.Nemai's mother Ranjita and widow Latika allege that Mondal started threatening him ever since he returned home. On the evening of March 8, a group of 20 youths, most of them members of local Boria-Chandi club, barged into their house, says Ranjita. \"They dragged Nemai out and took him to the club, saying they have set up a court to try Nemai,\" said Ranjita.Latika followed the group as they dragged away her husband, pleading with them to let him go. \"They tied him up and tortured him. He was battered to death,\" alleged Latika.Late in the evening, police recovered the body dumped in a bush. The autopsy confirmed that Nemai was killed with blunt weapons. Several 'pierced' injuries were found on his body.The next morning Ranjita and Latika went to Diamond Harbour police station but the OC Utpal Chakraborty and DSP Soma Mitra Das allegedly refused to take down the names of the Trinamool leaders. \"We repeatedly told him their names but they forced us to put my thumb impression on a sheet of white paper,\" alleged Ranjita.Police claimed that Ranjita's complaint was against unknown persons. All the accused are roaming free. The family then met additional SP Kankar Prasad Barui, with the help of some rights activists, and submitted a fresh complaint containing names of all the accused. But when they went back to Diamond Harbour police station, the police once again refused to accept a copy of the complaint submitted to ASP.Local Trinamool MLA Deepak Haldar alleged that CPM is conspiring against Sardar. \"I spoke to Sardar, he was not at the spot during the incident,\" said Haldar, who called Nemai \"a notorious criminal\". \"Several cases of murder and robbery were pending against him,\" he claimed. But Diamond Harbour police confirmed that Nemai was not accused in any such case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "12256631", "title": "Girlfriend's death prompts youth to hang self", "text": "BOKARO: A 25-year-old boy from Siyaljori in the district's Chandankyari block hanged himself from a tree on Tuesday, a day after his girlfriend committed suicide.Alok Rai and Akansha (name changed), who was a minor, took the drastic step as they were frustrated by their parents' refusal to let them get married. Officer in-charge of the Siyaljori police station O P Sukla said they were neighbours.Sukla said Akansha's mother caught her speaking to Alok over the cellphone and removed the sim card from the handset. This made the young girl angry and she went outside her house and hanged herself to death from a tree. The news of Akansha's death prompted the 25-year-old to follow suit and kill himself 12 hours later.\"We have registered a case of unnatural death and are investigating the matter,\" said Sukla.In another incident, a panchayat was organized on Tuesday in Jaridih block's Kaharia to give relief to a couple who fled homes after their parents refused to get them married. The panchayat leaders, however, tracked down the two and solemnized their marriage at the panchayat.Superintendent of police Kuldeep Dwivedi said he had instructed his officials to handle cases of elopement and jilted love with care.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12255131", "title": "Nashik lad now physio of Central Zone cricket team", "text": "NASHIK: Success breeds better opportunities. Nashik boy Aashish Tibrewala, physiotherapist for Ranji champions Rajasthan, has been experiencing the truth behind this saying after he was awarded the prestigious post of the physiotherapist for the central Zone cricket team for the inter-zonal Deodhar Trophy Cricket Tournament beginning on March 16 in Punjab. The four-day limited overs tournament will see Tibrewala taking care of the fitness of the likes of Mohammed Kaif, Piyush Chawala and others.One of the unsung heroes of Rajasthan's historic achievement in the Ranji tournament, 25-year-old Tibrewala was a former Maharashtra Ranji pacer and hence knows the tricks of the trade. It was on the basis of his successful Rajasthan assignment that he landed the plum position as the physio for the Central Zone teamThough he could not fulfill his dreams of becoming a leading pace bowler in India due to a back injury, he is devoting his time and energy to building the careers of upcoming young cricketers in Rajasthan. An elated Tibrewala could not suppress his joy as he said, \"I knew this assignment was coming as I have been physio for the Central Zone U-16 and U-19 teams and for the Central Zone women's team.\"He added, \"But this assignment has given me more satisfaction as there are at least six international players in the team and my work has been acknowledged by the authorities.\" He signed off by saying, \"My ultimate dream is to be the physio for the Indian team, though the idea may seem far-fetched now.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12256222", "title": "Police arrest youth in Arya murder case", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A week after Arya V J, a class 10 student, was strangled to death at Vattapara, the police on Tuesday arrested a youth in connection with the case. The arrested, Rajesh (29), is a native of Kattakkada.Police arrested the accused from Kattakkada in the evening and also recovered the ornaments he had allegedly stolen from a pawnshop at Vattapara.Arya, who was preparing for her SSLC exams, was found dead at her residence by her mother on March 6.During interrogation, Rajesh admitted that he had attempted to rape Arya and when she resisted he choked her to death and ran off with her ornaments.According to the police, Rajesh had come to Vattapara to visit his sister, a neighbour of Arya. While returning, his auto got into a rut and he sought the help of three students, including Arya, to get the rickshaw back on road. Later he tried to befriend Arya, got inside her house and killed her.Police nabbed Rajesh following a tip off from a KSRTC driver who has noticed the registration number of an auto named 'Rajamma' parked in front of Arya's home on the day of the murder. He found the number in the KLC series strange and even heard a scream from inside the house, but ignored it.Two days after the murder, the police released the sketch of the suspect based on inputs from the two students who had helped him on the day of the incident. The KSRTC driver shared the number of the auto with a local person who soon forwarded the information to the police.The police zeroed in on a person who owned four autos with registration numbers beginning with KLC. He told the police that he had sold all his vehicles. The police finally nabbed Rajesh who had bought one of the rickshaws.The police identified the rickshaw from its name, 'Rajamma', and also a picture of Jesus Christ that was stuck on its rear mirror.During interrogation, Rajesh admitted that he had attempted to rape Arya and when she resisted he choked her to death and ran off with her ornaments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12256372", "title": "Eleven Kingfisher flights cancelled; brace for worse today", "text": "MUMBAI: A total of 11 flights from Mumbai and about 50 across the country were cancelled on Day 2 of the Kingfisher Airlines' staff agitation. The pilots and other staff are protesting against delays in the payment of salary. The agitation may turn more intense on Wednesday when about 70% pilots are expected to join the stir.Outside Parliament House in Delhi on Tuesday, Kingfisher chief Vijay Mallya told the media that the airline had spoken to the pilots and the matter was being sorted out.But the pilots denied this. \"At no point of time did anyone from the airline speak to us,\" said a senior pilot.To questions on the severe financial crisis Kingfisher was facing, Mallya said, \"We are facing a serious handicap as our accounts have been frozen. We are not asking for bail-out from the government but hope for help from the banking sector to de-freeze our accounts.\" Terming the flight disruptions \"planned cancellations\" , he said, \"We do not want to inconvenience our guests.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12257086", "title": "23 out of 33 students to clear UPSC mains chose Gujarati Literature", "text": "AHMEDABAD: You have probably heard more about the Gujarati businessman than the Gujarati bureaucrat. The representation of the community in the bureaucracy is minimal as competitive exams are not the community's cup of tea. Not anymore. Gujaratis are using their mother-tongue to power their way into babudom.This year, a record 33 students cleared main examinations conducted by Union Public Service Commission (UPSC). What's more, 23 out of them chose Gujarati literature as their main subject.To put things in perspective, only 33 candidates cleared UPSC final interviews between 1992 and 2005 - the number rose to 43 in the five years between 2006 and 2010.\"Looking at their preparations and mock interviews, at least 20 of these 33 candidates have the potential to clear final selection this year to the three main services - IFS, IAS and IPS,\" said JM Acharya, joint director of state governmentrun Sardar Patel Institute of Public Administration ( SPIPA). The only hurdle they face now is a personal interview, following the clearance of which they would be able to join the three main or other allied services.Interestingly, many candidates who have cleared finals hail from small towns and diverse social strata - as many as 14 belong to scheduled castes and scheduled tribes, seven are Patels and four Kshatriyas. Most of them - including six doctors, nine engineers and three MBAs - chose to answer in Gujarati so that they could articulate better. Some of them will give final interviews in Gujarati with the help of interpreters.\"Unlike city-bred students who go for foreign universities, business and corporate jobs, these smalltown boys value the power and prestige of being a government official. They are hard-working, focussed and grounded,\" says professor Yogendra Vyas, who teaches Gujarati to them.Karan Vaghela, an MBBS doctor who cleared his main exams with Gujarati literature as his main subject says giving interviews in mother tongue will definitely give him an edge. \"I could not have fared well in English. Mother tongue gives you confidence,\" said Vaghela. After completing graduation in commerce, Kandarp Kansara felt his career had hit a roadblock.\"Gujarati helped me compete at the national level,\" he said. Anil Dhamelia, a graduate in homeopathy, never thought that Gujarati will take him to the next level of growth. \"Language is considered to be a barrier for Gujaratis. Now, it is gone,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12256831", "title": "3 killed as speeding car ploughs into wrongly parked bus", "text": "NEW DELHI: An illegally parked bus and a wrong overtaking manoeuvre left three occupants of a car dead on Press Enclave Road around 3.30am on Tuesday. As the speeding Lancer tried to overtake an office cab from the left near Max Hospital in Saket, it drove straight under the bus blocking the slow lane.Police said two of the deceased were DU students. Two other occupants of the car, Vipul Garg (20) and Vikas Beherwa (20), were severely injured. The killed youths - Mayank Pratap Singh Chauhan (20), Aakash Sharma (19) and Vikas Sharma (19) - had come to Delhi from Chhattisgarh for higher studies. Chauhan was the son of the city SP, Durg, in Chhattisgarh.Witnesses and police said the Lancer was headed from Lado Sarai towards Malviya Nagar. Just after the Malviya Nagar Metro station, the driver tried to overtake a Mahindra Xylo cab from the left. Speed and darkness probably led to an error of judgement - though he tried to swerve the car out of the bus' way, its left side went under and was flattened . The three friends sitting on that side died under the impact.Occupants of the office cab that the Lancer was overtaking rushed to help. One of them who called police said, \"We were returning home around 3.30am. I saw the car on my left, and a moment later I heard a loud noise and saw it plough under the bus. We raised an alarm, and another car stopped to help. I dialed 100 and informed police, who also reached the spot. But by then we had already taken out two of the Lancer's backseat occupants and rushed them to Max Hospital in the other car.\" A police officer said, \"The car was in a mangled condition and it was difficult to take out the victims. They were brought to the AIIMS Trauma Centre where three persons were declared brought dead\" .The car had to be cut away from the bus' underbody with blowtorches. Both vehicles were taken to the Saket police station. Postmortems were done on Tuesday noon at the trauma centre mortuary and the bodies were handed over to the families.The deceased's friends, who had gathered at the mortuary, said the group of five was returning from a birthday party at a farmhouse in south Delhi. \"Two-three of our common friends had thrown a party and that's why we all had gathered. I came back around 11.30pm and so did the others. The five of them again went out to get some food but I have no idea what happened after that,\" said a close friend who did not want to be named.Police said were the private bus not been parked on the road, the accident would not have happened. The bus owner, identified as Nasir Ahmad, has been booked for causing death due to negligence under IPC Section 304(A), and for 'causing danger and obstruction in the public way' under IPC section 283. A general case of rash driving and causing death due to negligence under IPC Sections 237 and 304A has also been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12255802", "title": "Labourer found murdered in Juhi area", "text": "KANPUR: A 24-year-old man was found murdered at a house under construction in Juhi area on Tuesday morning.Barra police reached the spot and sent the body for post mortem. Preliminary investigations suggest that the man identified as Ramesh, may have been killed somewhere else and body dumped at house. Police have found injury marks on his neck and head. Ramesh, a labourer, was last seen on Monday with his friend Tinku. He was working as a daily wager in the city. Police believe that he might have been killed during a drunken brawl.Suicide: A 22-year-old MA student committed suicide by hanging herself from the ceiling of her room on Monday night. Anamika, daughter of Satya Pal, a resident of Barra, ended her life. The family members broke open the door and found the body of Anamika hanging from the ceiling. They rushed her to a hospital, where doctors declared her brought dead. The Barra police said that no suicide note was recovered. Her family said Anamika was an average student and reeling under depression since past few days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12255773", "title": "Experts lament decline in use of super computer", "text": "KANPUR: On the second day of a three-day symposium on high performance computing application (HPC), the speakers deliberated on the decline in the use of super computers in India at a time when its use has increased manifold in the other nations. The speakers pointed out that soon the present CPU-based desktops would be replaced by desktop super computers. Professor PB Sunil Kumar of IIT-Madras said that super computers can be used in areas like combustion, high power jet, rocket propulsion, railway network etc. He said that a centre should be set up in the country to give training to researchers on teaching super computers. Another speaker Manish Bali said that time is nearing when graphical processing unit (GPU) would replace the CPU-based computers. He said that GPU based computers will have higher efficiency than the CPU based computers and it would make big calculations easy. tnnPrabhu Ramchandaran from IIT-Bombay mentioned that there is a dire need to change the entire computer syllabus being taught to the students. He highlighted that gaining practical knowledge is more important than having bookish knowledge in the field of computers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12256055", "title": "Job scammers sell package of lies", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Drugmaker Zydus Cadila has posted a warning on its website regarding fraudulent job postings in the US. According to the company, certain fraudulent job postings have been found on some sites by persons claiming to be recruiters or agents for Zydus Cadila.The company has clarified that such agents are in no way affiliated with the company or any of its affiliates. The company has also said that these positions do not exist and the advertisements are not authorized by Zydus or Zydus Cadila.Fake job scammers are luring potential candidates by promising quick interviews and early appointments. In most cases, the candidate is told via mail that he is hired and a certain amount has to be deposited towards training. Once the candidate deposits money, the candidate never hears from his 'employers'.\"The fraudulent job postings are typically advertised without disclosure of the company's identity and the applicant is directed to reply to the job posting only by email to a non-company email address,\" says the warning by Zydus. Since a lot of other companies in the US face the same issue, Zydus has requested potential candidates for its US subsidiary to not provide their driver's license, social security number, financial information or any other personal information to anyone claiming to be a recruiter for Zydus or Zydus Cadila through an online job posting.\"This happens typically when a leading company announces mass hiring. Every 10 job posting out of 100 is made by fraud agents every time a leading company opens recruitment. Apart from asking for money upfront in lieu of jobs, scammers misguide candidates to divulge personal information,\" said Sunil Goel, director, GlobalHunt, an executive search firm.According to Goel, while posting a job on portals, companies should list down its partners and associates for recruitment and also mention details of its agents.Among other things, fraudulent job postings ask for credit card and bank account numbers, personal documents, fee in lieu of the position and sometimes offer a large reward in exchange for allowing the use of bank account.Multinationals like Hitachi India and Coca-Cola have also warned individuals against such fraudulent job postings. Sunny Vaghela, ethical hacker and cyber crime investigator, said, \"Such scams are mostly aimed at final year students. The fraudsters pose as campus recruiters and ask for personal details and a large amount of procedure fees. Scamsters send about one lakh emails and get at least 1,000 replies to their mails.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12255960", "title": "No move to make lion national animal: Centre", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Centre has in the Rajya Sabha (RS) made it clear that there was no proposal to consider lion as national animal, replacing the tiger.In reply to a question raised by Rajya Sabha member Parimal Nathwani, minister for environment and forests Jayanthi Natarajan said, \"Bengal tiger continues to be our national animal and there is no such proposal under consideration with the government to replace it with the Asiatic lion.\"The government's reply stated that tiger was adopted as national animal in place of lion at a meeting of the Indian Board for Wildlife held in 1972. The main reasons included that tiger was important worldwide, it existed in as many as 16 states in the country and there was a need for its strict protection. However, lion was found only in one state. The issue was expected to be discussed in the RS, but it was adjourned because of the pandemonium on the issue of human rights of Tamil population in Sri Lanka.The government in its reply said that Asiatic lions are found only in Gujarat and the population of lions is estimated to be around 411 as per the 2010 census. The planning commission had approved in principle a project for 'Conservation of Asiatic lion in Greater Gir Region,' which is spread over a period of five years. The total project cost was Rs 262.36 crore, which included central assistance of Rs 236.63 crore. The project also included creation of infrastructure for promotion of eco-tourism in Gir forest.The RS member said Gir lions have a strong case to be a national animal. It is on the national emblem, which is sufficient for making it as national animal. A demand was also made to have a high power 'Project Gir Lions' headed by prime minister on the line of 'Project Tiger.'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "kollam", "code": "12256218", "title": "Five held in Kottarkara rape case", "text": "KOLLAM: The Kottarakkara police have arrested five persons in connection with the rape of a 16-year-old girl. The accused included the girl's father Raju(50). Others arrested are Joe(22), Sonly(24), Shiju(18) and Vishnu(18), all of them from the neighbourhood of the victim in Kalayapuram near Kottarakkara. The arrests were made after the girl said that she was raped by 18 persons, including her father. They were produced before the court and sent to judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "12255516", "title": "Fulchur villagers oppose land for Muslim cemetery", "text": "GONDIA: Tension over the Fulchur Muslim cemetery row seems to have been mounting as the villagers have shown their resentment towards the gram panchayat (GP) decision to allot two acre land for an upcoming Muslim cemetery .In a meeting with sub divisional officer Anant Walaskar and tehsildar SA Morghade, sarpanch Rajesh Katre had said that the gram panchayat (GP) had already passed a resolution that will pave the way for release of the land for the purpose.\"GP has already issued a certificate in this regard and given it to the Congress MLA Gopaldas Agrawal,\" Katre has been reported to have told the two officers. Apart from that revenue inspector Turkar on Monday was asking GP members to sign the resolution in 'back' date, which did not go down well with the villagers.Walaskar said that the GP action taken 'in good faith' was not legal. \"Even If the people of Fulchur now want cancellation of the resolution, the decision could only be reversed by the district collector,\" he said.Fulchur villagers told TOI that this unnecessary controversy has disturbed the peace of their village. Whatever they want to say now shall be announced only in the proposed gram sabha meeting on March 17, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12255651", "title": "North Eastern Railway demands new trains for Delhi, Mumbai", "text": "LUCKNOW: Given the rush of passengers in Delhi and Mumbai-bound trains, Lucknow division of North Eastern Railway (NER) has demanded three new trains in this year's Rail Budget. NER has demanded a train between Lucknow-Delhi, Lucknow-Mumbai and Gorakhpur-Delhi.\"Even if we get one of the two trains -- Lucknow-Delhi and Gorakhpur-Delhi, we can manage,\" said sources. NER has sent a proposal to the Railway Board seeking these trains.A train between Lucknow-Kathgodam has also been demanded. Sources said Howrah-Kathgodam is the lone train on the route and sees huge rush round-the-year. \"Besides, it's time is also not very convenient for Lucknowites,\" said sources.According to railway estimates, despite several trains running from Lucknow and Gorakhpur to Mumbai on all weekdays, over 2,000 passengers fail to get a berth to Mumbai. The number of passengers boarding Delhi and Mumbai-bound trains from Lucknow is steadily going up. The NER assessment for 2010-11 financial year showed 2,720 wait-listed tickets for sleeper class for five trains that run between Gorakhpur and Mumbai. These trains are 11016 Kushinagar Express, 12541 Gorakhpur LTT Superfast, 11056 Godan Express, 15018 Gorakhpur LTT Express and 19038 Avadh Express. Also, over 1,150 passengers could not get their tickets confirmed on these trains.The demand for tickets in AC class was equally high. Records said, on an average, while more than 100 passengers booked tickets in AC-2 and 200 bought wait-listed tickets for AC-3, over passengers 45 failed to secure a berth in AC-2 and 85 could not book a seat in AC-3 on any given day. Though waiting-list for Pushpak Express was not assessed, there is no denying the train has a long wait-list everyday.The new train, besides easing the pressure on the existing trains, will also generate more revenue for the Railways as even the unreserved class has seen a huge growth in sale of tickets to destinations like Mumbai and Delhi. From Gorakhpur, at least 2,000 unreserved tickets are sold everyday for Mumbai.It's also a loss for the Railways as lot of these tickets get refunded. There is also heavy passenger traffic available for Delhi and Railways, due to overcrowded trains, fails to cater to the demand.Trains like 12555 Gorakdham Express, 12553 Vaishali Express, 12557 Sapt Kranti Express, 12565 Bihar S Kranti, 12523 New Jalpaiguri-New Delhi Express are running over-crowded.Sources in Northern Railway too said Delhi-bound passenger traffic is on the rise. Besides, trains to Delhi and Mumbai, south-bound trains are also witnessing huge passenger rush.According to railway estimates, despite several trains running from Lucknow and Gorakhpur to Mumbai on all weekdays, over 2,000 passengers fail to get a berth to Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12257119", "title": "Ship captain arrested for mid-sea collision", "text": "CHENNAI: Gordon Charles Pereira, captain of MV Prabhu Daya, which is suspected to have rammed a fishing trawler off the Kerala coast killing five fishermen, was finally arrested by the Kerala police on Tuesday. The collision took place on March 1,over 16 nautical miles west of Nabacidam lighthouse in Cherthala.Senior Kerala police officials, camping in Chennai for the past one week,saidthecaptain would be taken to Kerala and presented before a court at Ambalappuzha in Alappuzha district on Wednesday. He was produced before a metropolitan magistrate court at Egmore for a transit warrant.Though Pereira was taken into custody on Monday after the Madras high court denied him anticipatory bail,hecould not be brought to the shore as the Chennai Port Trust (CPT) raised objection saying it would leave the vessel at outer anchorage without a captain. Now, chief officer aboard the vessel has taken charge after thecaptain's arrest.A port official said, \"We raised objections because the policewere notbothered about the safety of the vessel. The owner of the vessel has now made arrangements.\" The Indian Coast Guard on Tuesday clarified it did not stop police from arresting the captain. \"The vessel is completely under the port's jurisdiction and we do not need to stop or bother about the captain's arrest,\" a Coast Guard statementsaid.CPT chairman Atulya Mishra said more crew members will join the vessel to ensure thesafety of the vesselin outer anchorage. The Kerala police on Tuesday approached the HC requesting it not to release the ship from Chennai port. Besides the collision case, they were also investigating a murder attempt made on a second officer aboard the ship, the policesaid.In a petition,KMaheshKumar, deputy superintendent of police, Alappuzha sub-division, submitted that an attempt was made on the life of second officer Prasobh Sugadhan on March 3 night. Citing a complaint by Sugadhan's father, the officer said Prasobh was assaulted \"by an unknown person and was thrown into the sear near the Sri Lankan coast\". He was rescued by Lankan fishermen and handed over to the island nation's navy.Holding the ship's captain, Sugadhan and seaman Mayur Virendra Kumar responsible for the collision, the DSP said after the incident the ship sailed away without attempting to rescue the drowning fishermen. \"It failed in its first duty tosavelives,\" MaheshKumar said. Justice KBK Vasuki, before whom the matter came up for hearing, has adjourned it by two weeks for further proceedings.A press statement from the ship's owner, Tolani Shipping Company, Singapore, said they were cooperating with the ongoing investigation. The statement maintained that the data of Voyage Data Recorder (VDR) had been downloaded immediately after the accident. Refuting reports of tampering of VDR data, it said the data isbeing analysed now. The statement also said the alleged murder attempt on board the vessel would be investigated internally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12257131", "title": "MiC green signal to a slew of works", "text": "BHOPAL: The mayor-in-council (MiC) has given a nod to a slew of development works in parts of the city at the MiC meeting at mayor Krishna Gaur's residence at Link Road No. 2 on Tuesday.The council gave a green signal to asphaltation of roads in Shahjehanabad and Vidhya Nagar Phase 1, the colony on Hoshangabad road that the Bhopal Development Authority ( BDA) transferred to the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC). Members of the council have also agreed to the Regional Transport Officer's (RTO) demand of 5 acre land in the city.\"We have agreed to the proposal only after the RTO transfers the land of Transport Nagar to the Bhopal Municipal Corporation,\" BJP corporator and MiC member Krishna Mohan Soni said.The council has also approved the purchase of diesel and petrol from the Bharat Petroleum for the BMC vehicles this month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12256247", "title": "FIR filed in bomb disposal suit scam case", "text": "A week after home minister R R Patil entrusted the probe into the multi-crore bomb disposal suit scam to it, the economic offences wing (EOW) led by additional commissioner of police Rajvardhan Sinha on Tuesday lodged a criminal complaint against supplier Bimal Agarwal and two directors of his firm, Techno Trade Impex India, at the Colaba police station.\"On the basis of the report submitted by the anti-corruption bureau (ACB) and our investigations, we lodged a first information report ( FIR) against Agarwal and directors of his firm for breach of trust and cheating with the Colaba police. We will take action against the erring trader as per provisions of law,'' a senior Indian Police Service (IPS) official told TOI.In the wake of the worst terror attack on the metropolis on November 26, 2008, the home department had floated a tender for the supply of 82 bomb disposal suits. After scrutiny of tenders, an order was awarded to Agarwal's firm. On March 31, 2009, the entire payment of Rs 6.25 crore was made to the firm, even though it did not deliver a single suit.As per official records of the home department, even now, the supplier has failed to supply the suits. Agarwal contended that he was prepared to supply the suits, but the home department did not accept them without any assigning reasons, while a senior IPS official claimed that the home department was prepared to accept all goods, provided they are tested for quality and follow the tender conditions before delivery.When it was brought to the notice of Patil that the home department made the entire payment to the supplier even though it has not received the suits, he scrapped the order, but told the ACB to probe the scam. Patil also told then director-general of police (DGP) Ajit Parasnis to stop payments to firms controlled and owned by Agarwal. \"I have told the DGP to take stern action against the erring suppliers. We will ensure that all those involved in the scam are taken to task,'' Patil had observed.A high-level ACB team led by director-general Sanjeev Dayal submitted a comprehensive report on the scam. It found several irregularities over the manner in which the tender was awarded to the Mumbai-based supplier, particularly the massive payment made to him, despite the fact that the DGP's office did not receive the suits. The ACB had recommended criminal proceedings be initiated against the supplier for breach of trust and cheating, and a departmental probe be launched against then deputy commissioner Shrikant Tarwade for dereliction of duty. The ACB found that he had no authority but released Rs 6.25 crore to Agarwal's firm. Then additional chief secretary (home) U C Sarangi had played a crucial role in taking the probe to the logical conclusion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12257141", "title": "City's Everest expedition to begin on March 16", "text": "PUNE: A team of 20 mountaineers of the Giripremi mountaineering club will embark on the Pune Everest 2012 expedition to scale the world's highest peak on March 16. It is the fifth civilian expedition from the country and the first wherein 20 mountaineers from the same city are participating in an expedition to Everest, claimed team members on Tuesday.While addressing a press conference, leader of the expedition Umesh Zirpe said, \"The team members, who have undergone various sessions in the last 15 months to increase their physical and mental strength, will start from Pune on Friday. President Pratibha Patil will hand over the national flag to the team at Delhi, after which they will proceed to Kathmandu .\"He added, \"The team will install a statue of Shivaji Maharaja at the Everest base camp site. Thereafter, the climbers will undertake an expedition to the Island peak, one of the main climbing peaks of the Everest area, to get acclimatised.\"He said the main expedition to the Everest peak will start around April 12. The last stage climbing on the peak will be taken up between May 12 and 25, depending upon the weather. Of the 20 members, about 10 climbers will undertake the actual climb to the peak, while the remaining 10 will act as a supporting team. The entire team is expected to return to Pune in June.Zirpe said, \"The total cost of the expedition is estimated at Rs 3.15 crore, of which over 90% has already been collected. The fund collection began last year and received an overwhelming response from across the country. As many as 23,000 donors have contributed for the expedition. A major part of fund has come from individual donors apart from the funds from business and corporate houses\". Zirpe said the funds were falling short by Rs 25 lakh, but they hoped they would be able to raise the money.Meanwhile, two attempts of civilian expeditions were made earlier from the state in 1992 and 1998.City mountaineer Surendra Chavan was part of the 1998 expedition that successfully scaled Everest.Zirpe also said the team will undertake a social project in the area around the Everest base camp, which will include distribution of solar lanterns among villagers at the foothills of the mountain in Solukhumbu district of Nepal .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12254877", "title": "Red tape hits screening of 450 HIV+ patients", "text": "MUMBAI: Over 450 HIV patients have been waiting endlessly for the advanced anti-retroviral therapy to start, courtesy bureaucratic tardiness. For more than three months, patients are struggling without treatment as the first line of therapy is not effective to keep the viral load under control.The problem has compounded for patients as the JJ Hospital's Centre of Excellence remains one of the nodal centres in the state to screen and select patients for second line of anti-retroviral therapy (ART).Patients who become resistant to the first line of ART treatment, and have a viral load of more than 5,000 copies per millilitre, have to be started on the second line. Patients are also dependant on the free second line ART treatment as it could cost about Rs 10,000 in a month.A medical source told TOI said the problems started soon after former ART in-charge Dr Alaka Deshpande quit in November 2011. \"Monthly meetings, which were held to select patients after their viral load examinations were done, just stopped. Without those meetings the patients could not be selected,\" said a JJ Hospital source.Dr BB Rewari, National Aids Control Organization (NACO) ART consultant, said, \"There was no new doctor trained to replace the previous nodal person. The new team headed by Dr V K Joglekar has requested us to sensitize them about the ART. We will be doing that soon.\" he said. Rewari also said that not more than 100 patients would be affected because of the delay. \"Two centres in Aurangabad and Pune have commenced operations to take the load off the JJ Hospital staff. Nagpur will also have another centre soon for second line therapy,\" he said.However, some doctors at JJ Hospital defended themselves by saying that lack of training alone should not be blamed for the delay.\"The testing facility to check viral load had stopped, however tests have resumed,\" said one of the doctors. Sources told TOI that medical kits required for testing viral load were out of stock, and so the laboratory at Kasturba Hospital could not carry out the tests.Red Ribbon train at CST for 2 daysRed Ribbon, an AIDS/HIV awareness train, will be parked at CST on Wednesday and Thursday. The train, flagged off in the second week of January from Delhi, is covering 23 states. The six-coach train has several interactive ways to spread awareness, counsel patients and even training facilities. A separate coach has exhibits on tuberculosis, malaria, reproductive and child health.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12255170", "title": "Make school buses essential services: Court", "text": "MUMBAI: The government should bring school buses under the ambit of essential services, the Bombay High Court said on Monday following the indefinite strike called by School Bus Owners' Association on Friday.A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Ranjit More was hearing a petition filed by NGO Forum for Fairness in Education, which had pleaded for the implementation of the Maharashtra Motor Vehicles (Regulations for school buses) Rules 2011 and the calling off of the strike. Additional government pleader G W Mattos said with the strike being called off the same day, the PIL had served its purpose and the case should be disposed of.The state laid down several conditions for buses ferrying schoolchildren, and on September 14, 2011, the education department reiterated that the norms had to be followed. Mattos said before issuing the GR, responses were sought from all parties concerned, including parent-teacher associations and bus owners. Following the bus owners' displeasure, a technical committee was formed. \"The panel's report is now before the government for consideration,\" said Mattos. But Justice Shah said, \"By the time a decision, they will give a second call for a strike.\"Bus owners' association's advocate V P Patil argued that the rules were never placed before the legislature as mandated under law. \"They are illegal and cannot be enforced,\" he said. The judges concurred with him. To this, Mattos said they could be placed during the budget or the monsoon session. On hearing both sides, Justice Shah asked, \"Why don't you include school buses under essential services?\" Agreeing, Mattos said, \"Then, they would come under ESMA (Essential Services Maintenance Act).\" Justice Shah replied, \"You can impound their buses (under ESMA).\"To Patil's argument that the bus owners' association, which owns 4,000 school buses in the state, was not represented before the committee, the judges directed that before the state took a final decision on the panel's report, it should give it a hearing. They also directed that a decision should be taken by May 15 to enable bus owners effect changes in their vehicles before the next academic year. Patil also undertook that the association would not call another strike till the state takes a decision on its representation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12255119", "title": "Beant Singh assassination: Babbar Khalsa International activist to be hanged till death on March 31", "text": "CHANDIGARH: March 31 has been fixed for the hanging of Babbar Khalsa International (BKI) activist, Balwant Singh Rajoana, who is a convict in the assassination of former chief minister of Punjab, Beant Singh. Rajoana will be hanged till death inside the Central Jail, Patiala.The warrant of death sentence of Rajoana, who is in solitary confinement in Patiala jail, was issued recently by additional district and sessions judge, Chandigarh, Shalini Nagpal. The orders will be sent to the Patiala jail for execution.A special CBI court held inside Chandigarh's Burail jail had awarded death sentence to Rajoana and Jagtar Singh Hawara on August 1, 2007. Three other accused -- Lakhwinder Singh, Gurmeet Singh and Shamsher Singh -- were sentenced to life imprisonment for hatching the conspiracy to kill Beant Singh. The Punjab and Haryana high court had commuted the death sentence of Hawara to life sentence in October 2010. Rajoana had refused to appeal against the death sentence and it was also confirmed by the high court.Even on October 1, 2010, Rajoana, who has also served as constable with the Punjab Police, had made a statement before Justice Mehtab Singh Gill of the high court that his hanging should be executed at the earliest possible.Rajoana will be the first person to be hanged to death after Dhananjoy Chatterjee of Kolkata in August 2004. Dhananjoy was sentenced to death for raping and murdering Hetal Parekh in her house in Bhowanipore on March 5, 1990.When contacted deputy superintendent, Patiala jail, Rajan Kapoor said he has heard about the execution orders but refused to give details about the preparations in jail for Rajoana's hanging.Reacting to the development, general secretary, Lawyers for Human Rights International (LHRI), Navkiran Singh, said that it was Rajoana's wish. If he wishes to die that should be honoured. Singh, however, added that at the international level, India has very few number of cases of capital punishment and that should be maintained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12256136", "title": "Steroids can cause glaucoma", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If your near vision has been declining, don't take it lightly. For, it can be an early indication of glaucoma ' loss of vision following damage of optic nerve. Doctors say that glaucoma, which usually affects after one is 40-year-old, is also afflicting children and adolescents who use steroids in creams, eye drops or medicines.Though the eye problem has no symptoms, its early indicators include frequent change in near vision number and delayed adaption to dark, that is, delay in being able to see after lights are switched off. Dr Sushmita Kaushik, ophthalmologist at PGI, says, \"There are two kinds of glaucoma ' primary and secondary. In the primary problem, no definite cause is known, while any injury to the eye or indiscriminate use of steroids results in secondary glaucoma. Steroids used over the counter account for 20% of the 200 glaucoma patients we see in a month.\"Even while driving, those suffering from the ailment are unable to feel the difference. \"They can see things right ahead of them, but not sidewaysa?\u00a6 it is risky,\" she adds.Steroids affect highly 10% of the global population, resulting in glaucoma. But it is not known who can be at risk.'So, one must get eyes tested regularly after he is 40-year-old. Both high as well as low blood pressure can upset the intraocular pressure, which can damage the optic nerves,' says Dr Sunandan Sood, head of the eye department of Government Medical College and Hospital.People with high blood pressure or diabetes are at higher risk. \"It is recommended that those with near vision problem and power of -4 must get their intraocular pressure checked to contain glaucoma,\" Dr Sood adds. Ophthalmologists warn that those using nasal sprays, anti-allergy creams and eye drops or pills containing steroids are vulnerable to glaucoma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12255494", "title": "Partymen want me in national politics: Maya", "text": "LUCKNOW: The outgoing chief minister Mayawati on Tuesday said there has been a spurt in violence in the state after SP's win in the assembly election. She said in majority of cases her party workers are being targeted and subjected to atrocities, hence she has decided to enter Rajya Sabha and raise the issue in a forceful manner.Mayawati was replying to media queries after filing her nomination for the Rajya Sabha. When asked to react on SP leaders' remarks that the BSP chief is running away from UP after drubbing in the elections, Mayawati said she took the decision to get herself nominated for the Rajya Sabha on the request of party leaders and workers. She said her supporters believe she should move to national politics and raise important issues in Parliament. \"Workers have also said that I should increase party's support base all over the country and not just in UP,\" BSP chief said.Maya said she was not running away from UP but devoting time to perform better in Lok Sabha elections due in 2014. Mayawati is presently the member of UP Legislative Council and would have to resign after getting elected to the Rajya Sabha.Munkad Ali also filed nomination along with Mayawati. Ali's Rajya Sabha term is ends this month but party has decided to nominate him for another term. The BSP can nominate only two members in the Rajya Sabha because of its reduced strength (80) in the state assembly after election.Ali was chosen after party legislators and officer bearers raised objections to the nomination of former cabinet secretary Shashank Shekhar Singh.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12256281", "title": "Anyone can get a gun: SSP", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Despite the rampant use of country-made pistols in brawls in the city, Chandigarh Police have failed to check their smuggling. These were used in the Monday shootout between two student groups at DAV College.The UT police have also failed to ascertain the sources of country-made weapons even after having registered a number of cases under the Arms Act. According to the records of UT police, 29 cases under the Arms Act were registered in the past four years and in 18 cases, accused were arrested for possessing country-made weapons. Sources in police said, \"In each of the registered cases, cops could not find out from whom these weapons were procured, though they had sufficient time for questioning.\"On March 10, a dreaded criminal, Kuldeep Singh of Baddi in Himachal Pradesh, was arrested near Manimajra for possessing a country-made pistol. Cops could not ascertain the source of his weapon too. Singh, at present in the custody of UT police, is wanted in around 80 criminal cases.In March 2009, a 22-year-old PU student, Yadwinder Singh, had committed suicide after shooting himself with a country-made weapon. Though a case was registered, it was marked'untraced' as police failed to identify its supplier.Punjab Police DSP (retd) Karnail Singh said, \"Country-made weapons are frequently used in crimes because their data is not maintained by forensic laboratories. In such a weapon, a person can use different kinds of cartridges, like .9mm and .32 bore, among others.\"UT SSP Naunihal Singh could not give a convincing reply to police's failure. \"It is a known fact that there are numerous factories of country-made weapons in UP, Bihar, Dehradun, and anybody can procure these after spending a petty amount. Because of insufficient interrogation time, we fail to nab those who supply these weapons to accused\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "canacona", "code": "12255819", "title": "Man dies in Canacona mishap, wife critical", "text": "CANACONA: In a hit-and-run accident, a senior citizen from Char Rasta in Canacona, Joao Bosco Carvalo, died on the spot, while his wife Emme was seriously injured on Tuesday morning near Devabhag ground at Char Rasta.The Canacona police said that the driver of a carSohrab Ali, sped away from the scene after hitting 64-year-old Carvalo's scooter and killing him.The couple was shifted to the Canacona community health centre where Joao was declared dead by the doctor and Emme was shifted to Hospicio hospital in Margao. She is critical, police said.Upon information from locals, the police succeeded in arresting Ali, a native of Kanpur in UP, who resides in Mapusa. He has been arrested under the Motor Vehicles Act and under Section 279, 338, 304(A) Aand 134 (A) of the IPC.A further investigation is in progress under the supervision of the Canacona PI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12258806", "title": "Kochadaiyaan\u2019s Japanese version", "text": "Rajini's next is likely to have a special version for the Superstar's fans in JapanHere's the latest news about Rajini's next. Kochadaiyaan, we hear, is likely to have a Japanese version as well! This is a move by the makers perhaps to please the Superstar's numerous fans in Japan who have supported his films.A source says, \"Though Kochadaiyaan is a period flick, the makers are planning a version of the film in Japanese as well. However, it's unclear at this stage if Rajini will dub for himself in Japanese.\" When contacted, Soundarya Rajinikanth confirmed that they are planning a Japanese version of the film as well.The shooting of the film is slated to kickstart in London later this week and is one of the mostanticipated movies of the year as it features a dream star cast that includes Deepika Padukone , Shobana, Jackie Shroff , Nasser and Sarath Kumar.The Superstar became a sensation in Japan post the release of Muthu Odoru Maharaja (Dancing Maharaja), which was Muthu in Tamil. Since then, Rajinikanth has been carefully placing 'Japanese elements' in some of his films. While his film Baba had a Japanese character in the film who shared screenspace with the Superstar, a scene in Kuselan featured a group from Japan meeting him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12255210", "title": "Cloud over poll process remains", "text": "NASHIK: The district court has asked the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) to present its case on Wednesday in a complaint of alleged electoral malpractices filed by MNS candidate Sharvari Luth.Realising that there were discrepancies in the voting in prabhag no. 22, Luth, who had contested the election from the ward and lost to Chhaya Thakare of the NCP, had filed an election petition in the district court under section 16 of the Bombay Municipal Corporation Act, 1949 challenging the election process on two grounds, that wrong process was followed during elections and corrupt practices were followed by winning candidates. On Tuesday, the hearing revolved around wrong processes followed during the election.The petition alleged that there have been discrepancies in the voters' list and that a lot of bogus voting has taken place in prabhag no. 22. Almost 50% of the names in the list were without photos, some names appeared twice, names in prabhag no. 22 also appeared in other prabhags, and a lot of names carried no address or had the wrong address, and that names of deceased persons were also printed and 1,500 names on the list were from Satpur and P&T; colony, said the petition. The petitioner said they had evidence in place.Luth's lawyer Nagnath Gorwadkar said, \"The court has come to the conclusion that there appears to be some substance in the matter and there is a need to call for the records of polling in prabhag no. 22, including the papers on which the voters signed and produced identity cards, to check whether duplication of names and fake names on the rolls has happened. \"Gorwadkar said that all documents have been called for on March 17 for the purpose of verification and that NMC lawyer Sudhir Kotwal said the documents are in the custody of the state election commission in a sealed box. \"The box should be brought before the court,\" said Gorwadkar. For the first time in Nashik's history, documents signed by voters before exercising their franchise will be brought before the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12256549", "title": "Rail Budget: Mumbai hopes for great gains", "text": "Railway officials in Mumbai expect the Union railway minister to announce big-ticket projects-including an elevated corridor, introduction of 12-car services on Harbour Line, more services overall and revamp of train stations-for the city in his budget speech on Wednesday.\"Dinesh Trivedi's maiden budget speech may bring cheer to suburban commuters. We are confident that the Churchgate-Virar elevated corridor will find a mention since the state government has already granted an in-principle approval,\" said a senior railway official. \"Funds also may be earmarked for the upgradation of 9-car services on Harbour Line to 12-car services since a lot of groundwork for the project has been completed.\"In his meetings with Trivedi in the recent past, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan had made the case for a few projects.\"Apart from the CST-Panvel high-speed corridor, the railway minister may accede to the CM's demand for a coaching complex at Panvel, which, because of its location, can offer great connectivity through long-distance trains. Panvel, moreover, needs projects because of its rapid growth,\" said the official.Officials also expect Trivedi to mention on Wednesday the 'Roof Plaza' plan proposed by city-based architect P K Das. Under the plan, flat roofs will be built over platforms to create more free spaces, which can also be exploited commercially. \"Dadar may get approval for this project since the minister inspected that station during his visit to Mumbai last week to understand the plan. Moreover, he has repeatedly recommended the commercial exploitation of station space to generate revenue,\" said the official. Apart from this, CR officials are hopeful that the minister will announce a survey for the planned CST-Kalyan corridor.MRVC official are optimistic that the budget will include projects that have been approved in the concept plan for Mumbai Urban Transport Project-III. Estimated to cost Rs 52,000 crore over a period of two decades, MUTP-III includes new additional corridors on Virar-Vasai Road-Diva-Panvel section, third and fourth additional lines between Virar and Dahanu Road, extension of Harbour Line from Goregaon to Borivli, fifth and sixth additional lines between Borivli and Virar, third and fourth lines between Kalyan and Kasara and Kalyan and Karjat, and new suburban lines in Navi Mumbai.Officials are also keen that the minister direct Integral Coach Factory in Chennai to prioritise supplying rakes to Mumbai suburban region since Western Railway has already completed conversion of traction from DC to AC. Central Railway is expected to complete the process by this December. \"Retrofitment of rakes from DC to AC is being carried out. But this project can get delayed and may be insufficient,\" the official said. \"Mumbai should get priority in supply of new rakes since it is the busiest suburban network.\"Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12256382", "title": "Man jumps to death in North Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 50-year-old man committed suicide by jumping off the sixth floor of a hospital in north Delhi, police said. The deceased, Bhagwat Prasad, was a resident of Seelampur area in north Delhi.The incident took place on Tuesday morning around 9am. It triggered chaos at the hospital as his body lay on the ground after falling from the top floor. The cops have not been able to ascertain the reason for the victim taking the extreme step but they suspect he was depressed over his ailment. No family member of the victim had turned up to claim the body. Police said they would be keep the body for 72 hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12257273", "title": "More is MNS leader in Pune municipal corporation", "text": "PUNE: The MNS has appointed Vasant More as the party leader in the Pune municipal corporation (PMC).More won the February 16 civic election from Katraj. This is his second term as a corporator. In his last tenure, he was a member of the standing committee and also a member of the city improvement committee.\"Our party will try to set an example of being a good opposition party. We will raise issues of public concern in the next five years,\" said More at a press conference on Tuesday.Bala Shedge, one of MNS's two city unit chiefs, has been selected a coopted corporator. The other party chief, Prakash Dhore, is the deputy leader of the party in PMC. The MNS won 29 seats and emerged as the second largest party in the 152-member house.Meanwhile, the BJP could not finalise the name of their party leader. Five BJP corporators have shown interest.\"A meeting was held to select the candidate and a report has been prepared about the discussions held. The report will be sent to the state unit.A final decision is expected in the next few days,\" said city BJP chief Vikas Mathkari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12258866", "title": "New twist in Anurag, Abhinav Kashyap's revelry", "text": "Filmmakers Anurag and Abhinav Kashyap have given sibling revelry an interesting twist.While Anurag has already zeroed down on and even finalised actor Ranbir Kapoor for his next directorial, the three-part-period film Bombay Velvet, younger brother Abhinav is busy chasing the same actor for his second film after the uber successful Salman Khan starrer Dabangg.Mumbai Mirror has learnt that Abhinav, who is busy putting his second film with Viacom 18, that is being referred to as Project 18 in the industry has shared the script of his film with Ranbir a couple of months back. And currently, he is just waiting for the actor's go ahead to start putting the rest of the cast of his project together.In fact, the director has decided to finalise the female lead only after Ranbir gives his nod of approval. However, the actor, though kicked about the script is currently occupied with Anurag Basu's Barfi. But considering, he has already decided to work on elder brother Anurag's film, we hope he manages to make time for Abhinav as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12257147", "title": "Dhruv to take polygraph test in Delhi today", "text": "BHOPAL: BJP MLA Dhruv Narayan Singh, who is in the thick of a storm in the sensational RTI activist Shehla Masood murder case, will undergo lie detector test in New Delhi on Wednesday.\"Yes, I am going for the polygraph test in New Delhi,\" Singh told TOI. The BJP legislator is the son of former chief minister of Madhya Pradesh Govind Narayan Singh and grandson of the first prime minister of erstwhile Vindhya Pradesh, Awadesh Pratap Singh.The MLA is under scanner ever since the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) took over the investigation into the case a fortnight after Shehla Masood was shot dead in her car's driving seat near her residence at Koh-e-Fiza locality in the city on August 16.The central investigating agency had already grilled him thrice, including once in New Delhi. Recently, he was questioned again after the CBI got some \"clinching evidences\" during the raids at the office of interior designer Zaheda Pervez, whom the CBI consider as the prime accused.The legislator allegedly had proximity with the both the women-Zaheda and Shehla. Zaheda, who apparently had an intimate relationship with the MLA, got the RTI activist bumped off as she was jealous over Shehla's proximity with the politician, CBI sources said.Singh had reportedly helped Zaheda to bag some contacts in state tourism corporation when he was its chairman.Before targeting Shehla, Zaheda wanted to get another woman, close to the MLA, eliminated But her plan could not materialize as the Kanpur-based sharpshooters Irfan and Shanu, demanded Rs 10 lakh saying she was a Hindu and the killing might spark off a communal violence in Bhopal, sources said. After this, Zaheda asked them to finish off the RTI activist for half the amount, CBI sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12257019", "title": "Road rage: Police to oppose bail of accused", "text": "MUMBAI: Sudarshan Aggarwal and his son Mayur will be produced in the Girgaum sessions court on Wednesday. The police said they will oppose the bail, citing the severity of the case and the attitude of the accused.\"We have a strong case against the Aggarwals. Two traffic cops, who were at the junction when the incident occurred, are our prime witnesses. We also have statements of several bystanders who have corroborated the sequence of events as narrated by Amit Valinjkar in his FIR. Given that there is an attempt to murder charge, we are hoping the court sends them to judicial custody,\" said inspector N Bodhe of Tardeo police.What has also irked police officials of Tardeo is the \"highhandedness\" of the accused and their lawyers. The duo have allegedly been threatening the officers who arrested them, claiming they had \"good relations\" with several police officers.Police chief Arup Patnaik had reportedly summoned the senior inspector of Tardeo police station, seeking explanation for booking them for attempt to murder. \"The commissioner was satisfied with the way we have handled the case,\" said an officer. Patnaik was unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12255882", "title": "Rail budget: All eyes on pending Bihar projects", "text": "PATNA: Railways is likely to clear the mist of doubt about the execution of several ambitious projects in Bihar in the rail budget to be presented in Lok Sabha on Wednesday by railway minister Dinesh Trivedi. These projects have been languishing in the state for sometime due to resource crunch.Though railways is likely to focus more on safety and modernization, it is widely expected to make clear the fate of about 200 projects at the country level, most of them allocated to Bihar, sources said.Several ongoing railway projects including three mega bridges in Bihar have witnessed cost overrun due to sudden rise in the prices of steel, iron, cement and other construction material. The fate of two major projects - locomotive factories at Marhaura in Saran district and Madhepura in Bihar - is also expected to be decided this time. While railways is keen to complete them on PPP basis, no initiative has been taken so far in this regard, sources said.During the tenures of Lalu Prasad and Nitish Kumar , railways had conceptualized Bihar as the most developed state and as an ancillary zone of Indian Railways by the end of 2015-2016. However, the cash-strapped railways has made no headway in this connection. Thus the dream to develop Bihar as the main hub of all major component factories of railways, including wheel factory, and electric and diesel locomotives, and modern maintenance workshops still continues to be a dream.The proposed factories, duly approved by the Planning Commission and Railway Board, like wheel factory at Chhapra (Rs 1417 crore), diesel engine factory at Marhaura (Rs 2025 crore), electric engine factory at Madhepura (Rs 1400 crore), coach maintenance workshop at Harnaut (Rs 325 crore), DEMU maintenance depot at Sonepur (Rs 15 crore), goods wagon repair workshop at Sonepur (Rs 92 crore) and wagon repair workshop at Samastipur (Rs 33 crore), would give a new face to Bihar from the socioeconomic development point of view, sources said, adding that the wheel factory at Chhapra and coach maintenance workshop at Harnaut in Nalanda district would be made functional soon.People in Bihar have a lot of other expectations too from this rail budget. They have been demanding superfast trains like Duronto on the Patna-Delhi, Patna-Mumbai, Patna-Chennai and Patna-Bangalore routes. The daily commuters' demand for a third line on the Ara-Patna-Fatuha route has been pending for long. More MEMUs and DMUs have also been demanded on the Patna-Gaya, Patna-Buxar and Patna-Jhajha routes to cope with rush of passengers.All eyes will be on Trivedi on Wednesday. Will the rail budget prove a boon for Bihar like the past?Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12254823", "title": "Nikam is special prosecutor in 13/7 Mumbai blasts case", "text": "MUMBAI: Senior lawyer Ujjwal Nikam was appointed as special public prosecutor in the 13/7 triple blasts case. Meanwhile, a city court on Tuesday extended the police custody of four suspects, arrested for their alleged role in the blasts, till March 22.Nikam, who represented the CBI in the 1993 serial bomb blasts case, told the court that the anti-terrorism squad (ATS) had got \"clinching evidence\" in the case and required the custody of the accused for further investigation.The ATS made a \"major breakthrough\" by arresting the suspects. The first lead had come while the agency was probing cases of SIM cards procured using fake documents. The ATS chief had said that the module busted was using forged documents to procure SIM cards which were being used by the Indian Mujahideen members. Defence lawyer Khalid Azmi opposed the police custody of suspects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12259203", "title": "Agent Vinod: Music Review", "text": "Rating 1.5 Music Pritam Lable T-Series Tracks 11Rarely does a soundtrack manage to achieve such little novelty for a seemingly prodigious action-spy-thriller premise. Agent Vinod essentially has five tracks, three of which boast a remix version each and the fourth one, believe it before you faint, has four near-facsimile versions.Even 34 years after Boney M gifted us the disco-dancing rage Rasputin, its energy sparkles through in I'll Do The Talking Tonight - the souped up, official remake (Yes, Pritam also officially draws his 'inspirations'). To trump up exotica, Pritam turns to the inherently charming Serbian folk song - Ruse Kose Curo Imas. Now, for a moment, leave out the melody and magic of Rasputin or Ruse Kose, and the track reveals its true personality - a junkyard of done-to-death electro-dance loops and vocoded synthesisers. As if to crown this generic-esque exercise, the chorus channels a distressing deja vu of Jennifer Lopez's chartbuster On The Floor. Still, this one's better than the 'clubbier', clumsier remix version that reeks of nightclub sweat and alcohol breaths.The effortlessly catchy Pungi is a runaway hit mainly for its spunk and mischievous lyrics courtesy Amitabh Bhattacharya, peppered with gems such as: \"Sabko toh prasad baante, Main maangu toh mujhko daante, Auron ke gaalon pe pappi, Mere hi gaalon pe chaante.\" However, like many Pritam tracks, this one's closet too stores some skeletons.The infectious drum and bass loop that kicks off the song and stays through, is judiciously borrowed from Iranian pop act Barobax's foot-tapping track Soosan Khanoom. Judiciously, because Pritam throws in enough variations to make it sound different; just so different as to resemble a confused, long-lost sibling of the Hasan Jahangir megahit - Hawa Hawa, Ae Hawa, Khushboo Luta De. Although none of these coincidences will take anything away from it going viral, the recurring melody and Mika again going all tapori does get old pretty fast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12256077", "title": "Brother kills sister for honour in Mysore", "text": "MYSORE: In a suspected case of honour killing, a girl belonging to an upper caste was allegedly murdered on Tuesday by her brother because of her relationship with a boy from a different community.Smruthi D K, 27, an assistant professor of Kannada, was smothered to death by her brother Mahadev at her Alanahalli residence in the wee hours of Tuesday. The incident came to light after her roommate Savitha returned to Mysore from Kochi. Mahadeva is absconding, police said.Police sources confirmed that Smruthi's family was looking for an alliance for her and sought the assistance of a relative. She works at the Government First Grade College, Kuderu in Chamarajanagar district.Smruthi, a native of Dindagadu in Periyapatna taluk, informed her family about her relationship with Sudeep Kumar. Enraged by it they tried to convince her to end it. Her younger brother Mahadeva was in Mysore for the past three days and there had been frequent arguments.Her neighbour Vinay, an employee at a star hotel, told police the verbal duels between brother the sister went on till late Monday night. \"Though my mother and I tried to intervene around Monday midnight, they didn't open the main door. We left the place and decided to talk to them in the morning,\" Vinay told police.Around 11pm on Monday Mahadeva came home apparently drunk. Smruthi's grandmother Nanjamma, 72, told the police that Mahadeva locked Smruthi inside a room and scolded her over the marriage proposal. \"I begged him to leave her alone,\" she said, adding that he left home around 1.30am.Around 4.30am, Smruthi's roommate Savitha returned home and found an inconsolable Nanjamma who told her about the tragedy. Smruthi was taken to hospital by bus and was declared brought dead.Sudeep Kumar, assistant physical education director, Tumkur University, said he was in love with Smruthi since their PG course in University of Mysore in 2004. \"We got married at a sub-registrar's office in November 2011 but we've been living separately. I stayed in Tumkur while Smruthi, who worked in Chamarajanagar, lived in Mysore. I came to know about the incident from her friend Savitha at 4.47am,\" he said.A police officer claimed that, but for Mahadeva, there was no opposition from other family members. Smruthi had told Sudeep she'd convince her relatives. Smruthi's father Kendagannaiah died about a year back. A case of murder has been filed at the Nazarbad police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12257265", "title": "Case against seven Pune Municipal Corporation officials", "text": "PUNE: A criminal offence was registered against seven officials of the Pune Municipal Corporation's (PMC) birth and death registration department for allegedly issuing a fake birth certificate. The complaint was filed by the PMC on Tuesday.PMC medical officer Ramesh Chavan, who lodged the complaint, said,\" The seven officials issued the fake certificate to a corporator.\"Senior police inspector Anant Rajeshirke of the Faraskhana police station said that a complaint of forgery has been lodged against the suspects. \"PMC officials have alleged in their complaint that the birth certificate has been tampered with,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12256568", "title": "Rail Budget: Mumbai commuters want more services to Delhi, Bangalore", "text": "Commuters and railway officials alike want train capacities increased and new services added on busy routes like Mumbai-Delhi and Mumbai-Bangalore.\"Platforms at Mumbai Central are being extended to accommodate 24-coach trains,\" said a railway official. \"The authorities should increase the number of coaches in Rajdhani and August Kranti Rajdhani since the demand for these trains is year-round. It will increase the railways' revenues.\"Another railway official suggested, \"Mumbai-Bangalore air traffic is second only to Mumbai-Delhi. No efforts, though, have been made by the railways to tap into this route by increasing train services. Another thing that can be done is to extend the Ahmedabad-Mumbai-Pune high-speed corridor to Bangalore since it will drastically cut travel time.\"Borivli resident Kailesh Rane said, \"Railways should consider introducing services from Bandra Terminus (BDTS) to Mangalore and Konkan since travellers find it difficult travelling to CST or Kurla to board trains plying on Konkan railway road.\"Shailesh Goyal, a former member of the National Railway Users' Consultative Council, said, \"Duronto trains should be introduced on the Mumbai-Gandhidham and Mumbai-Varanasi routes, and the frequency of Mumbai-Allahabad and BDTS-Udaipur-Ajmer services should be increased.\"Referring to a Garib Rath train that leaves for Delhi from BDTS at 4.40pm, an official said, \"The timetable should be changed to replace it with a Rajdhani-type train, which can then be made to halt at Andheri or Borivli. The timing of 4.40pm is ideal for Rajdhani-type services since the travel time between the two cities is 16 hours.\" There were suggestions to introduce Garib Rath trains to cities like Jodhpur, Kolkata, Bangalore and Chennai.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12256695", "title": "Ammonia level rises in Yamuna, 2 plants shut down", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chandrawal and Wazirabad water treatment plants were shut for production in the early hours of Tuesday due to a high level of pollution in the water. A rise in the level of ammonia from a permissible 0.5 mg to 1 mg prompted Delhi Jal Board to ask residents to boil drinking water.\"At 6am, we had to shut down both plants that supply water to north, northwest, south and NDMC areas. However, the situation had improved significantly by 5pm when partial operations were resumed. Supply will be normalized by Wednesday morning,\" said a DJB official.The problem started when Haryana released water for Delhi into the Yamuna where water levels had been quite low. \"Usually Haryana supplies water up to the Wazirabad Barrage through drain no 8 and not the main river channel. However,Haryana had not been maintaining the channel properly and due to a possible plant growth inside, the amount of water coming to Delhi had reduced. When we brought this to Haryana's notice, it took up maintenance of the drain but since it has to maintain a certain level of water at the Wazirabad pond, it started releasing water into the main river,\" said an official.The sudden flow dislodged industrial pollutants that had been collecting in the dry river for the past few months. These pollutants travelled to Delhi with the water and their levels were too high to be treated by DJB. \"Haryana Irrigation Department was requested to release additional quantity of water at Munak to dilute the concentration of pollutants,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "12254744", "title": "When Ambedkar came to the rescue of Congress-NCP", "text": "AKOLA: Congress-NCP returned to power in the 73-member Akola Municipal Corporation with the support of 7-member BRP-BMS. No wonder, Jyotsana Gawai (BRP-BMS) got the coveted mayorship which was reserved for a Scheduled Caste woman. Congress-NCP combine clinched 39 votes. Rival BJP-Shiv Sena alliance Mahanagar Sudhar Samiti tallied 34.NCP took an U-turn as earlier the 5-member NCP group had strongly opposed BRP-BMS. In the eleventh hour it changed its stand and supported BRP-BMS nominee Jyotsana Gawai to get her elected. Congress bagged 18 seats, one less than last time's tally while NCP fell to 5 for 11.There was a chaos in the distribution of party tickets in NCP. The local office was ransacked and NCP's high command had left the issue giving tickets to the local leadership. NCP's woman chief was also denied party ticket resulting in party's debacle.A secret deal of offering Rajya Sabha seat to Prakash Ambedkar, the BRP-BMS supremo, is being widely discussed for supporting to Congress-NCP tie-up. BJP-Shiv Sena alliance had only one scheduled caste woman corporator for whom the alliance failed to garner the support for mayoral post.Congress-led Maha Aghadi includes Congress-18 NCP-5, BRP-BMS-7, SP-1 UDF-2, Vijay Agrawal-led Akola Vikas Party-3 and Independents-3. BJP-Sena-led Mahanagar Sudhar Samiti includes BJP-18, SS-8, MNS-1, Sanjay Badone his wife Madhuri and Sunil Meshram and his wife Madhuri and 3 others. There are 38 women and 35 male corporators in newly elected AMC House. But what surprised many is that several candidates who had criminal background got elected to the AMC.Interestingly BJP's lone woman corporator Karuna Ingle (SC), despite being highly-educated (B. Sc microbiology) was defeated by five votes by Congress-led alliance candidate Jyotsana Gawai, a 12th pass.This has been reflected in AMC house and in general public. Thanks to democracy set up in which no educational qualification has been prescribed for the post of mayor and even the president of the country even after 65 yers of independence as per the respective laws and Indian constitution 1950.The same scenario was observed in the election of deputy mayor Rafique Siddiqui of Congress who was elected as deputy mayor defeating BJP's Ajay Sharma by 5 votes. Siddiqui garnered 39 whereas Sharma got 34.Two brothers - Sandeep Pundkar, the NCP Akola chief and Dhairywardhan Pundkar of BRP-BMS - too have found place in the AMC.If political pundits are to be believed Vijay Deshmukh, a strong supporter of state minister Narayan Rane and local stalwart and expelled BJP leader Vijay Agrawal played a key role in Congress-NCP snatching power.However, another tussle beckons - election of five persons as co-opted members for which the election was postponed in first general body meeting of AMC. The election will take place in near future. Sources said, a prominent businessman has offered Rs 25 lakh to become a co-opt member. This indicates the beginning of horse trading for becoming the co-opt members. Normally the co-opt members are to be chosen from the elite and expert people but this procedure has already been given go-bye since several years.Believe it or not but the story is real in the past when the Akola had municipal council. A person having some criminal background and providing to women at a time to one of chief ministers of state was awarded co-opt membership in the then Akola Municipal Council.Therefore there would be highest horse trading for co-opt membership is in the offing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12260512", "title": "Vijayasekaran's Ranam: The road less travelled", "text": "Vijayasekaran, who has earlier assisted Prabhu Solomon, says that his Ranam will have romance, action and comedy in equal dosage.The film, starring Veera, Alina, Swatika and Sharath, also has M S Bhaskar in a prominent role.He says, \"We will start our next schedule by March 25, and will be shooting in a village that's generically known as Top Station. It's about 75 km away from Theni and is on a highrise hill. It's above Kurangini, where Mynaa was shot. As vehicles won't be able to pass through the narrow paths, we will be taking our equipments on horseback. We are also planning to shoot a song in Thailand and Malaysia .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12257186", "title": "Engineering student stabbed to death", "text": "JAIPUR: A 21-year-old student of a private university on the Jaipur-Delhi highway was stabbed to death by other students late on Tuesday. The body of Prashant Veer, a third-year student of electronics and communication, was found 50 metres away from the campus. Police said Prashant was stabbed several times on his stomach.According to the police, Prashant, along with his classmates, went out after his classes at 5 pm. While returning, his group had a verbal spat with another group of students of the same university near the gate.Both parties were drunk and they argued for 15 minutes. Meanwhile, Punit Dalal, a law student, brandished a knife and threatened to attack Prashant and his friends. A scuffle ensued and Dalal stabbed Prashant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12255097", "title": "UK delegation to visit Nashik for SME meets", "text": "NASHIK: With an aim to provide business opportunities in the UK to SMEs across Nashik, the Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (NIMA) has invited a trade delegation from the UK to hold a business to business meet (B2B) with SMEs in Nashik district.A trade delegation from the UK, including the British deputy high commissioner and senior sector specialists from the United Kingdom Trade &amp; Investment (UKTI), a branch of the British high commission, is on a two-day Nashik visit from March 21. The delegation will meet select SMEs from Nashik and hold B2Bs with them.\"NIMA has always taken initiative to promote SMEs in Nashik by providing them different business opportunities from companies not just from India, but also overseas. Accordingly, the trade delegation from UK will be visit Nashik from March 21. The delegation will hold B2Bs with SMEs in Nashik,\" Dhananjay Bele, president, NIMA, told TOI.T R Giridhar, senior trade &amp; investment advisor, UKTI, had recently paid a visit during an industrial expo organized by NIMA.\"Indian SMEs have plenty of business opportunities in the UK if they actively consider becoming a part of global supply chains. There are a lot of business opportunities in the UK and UKTI is also providing support to Indian industries in doing business with companies in UK,\" said Giridhar.\"Around eighteen months ago, UKTI had reviewed industries in some select cities in India with an aim to make them a part of supply chains for the industries in the UK. Accordingly, UKTI has identified 10 cities in the country, including Nashik, Aurangabad, Indore, Coimbatore, Jaipur, Patna and Lucknow. The trade delegation from the UK, including the British deputy high commissioner and senior sector specialists from UKTI are coming on a two-day visit of Nashik. The delegation will directly visit some SMEs and hold B2Bs with them,\" Giridhar said.\"In the UK, there are several business opportunities in the automotive, aerospace, life sciences, Nano technology, food, chemicals, health, space applications, environment, renewable energy, infrastructure, financial services, and creative industries sectors. There is also a lot of scope in the services sectors related to IT, hospitality, financial businesses and consumers services,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12256007", "title": "Sinoj was wanted by Ernakulam police", "text": "KOCHI: Mauritious and his wife, Seena, from Kottuvally near Varapuzha in Ernakulam district, would have never thought that their pilgrimage to Velankanni church on Monday evening would end at Dindigul police station in Tamil Nadu where they had to receive their son Joseph Sinoj's body from police custody.Sinoj, 34, was shot dead allegedly in an encounter by the Tamil Nadu police on Monday night at a lodge near the Dindigul bus stand. The police team from Madurai was at the lodge to nab a notorious criminal identified as Varichiyur Selvam.According to the special branch wing of Ernakulam rural police, Sinoj was wanted in connection with the case in which the excise wing seized 8,500 litres of spirit from three vehicles parked near Aluva on August 5. Sinoj is survived by his wife Manjusha, a nine-year-old daughter and a four-year-old son. Sinoj was the eldest of the three sons in the family.Excise deputy commissioner K Mohanan said Sinoj and Ajith, who was arrested along with Selvam from Dindigul, were wanted in connection with the spirit seizure case and the department had issued a lookout notice for them a few months back. \"A team of Excise officials will leave for Dindigul to identify the accused. We will also seek the custody of Ajith and Varghese in connection with the spirit case,\" he said.When TOI contacted Mauritious over the phone, he said that he was at Dindigul police station to complete certain procedures to get his son's body released.Police said that Sinoj had told local residents that he was into real estate and vehicle business. \"He was into illegal activities and had been staying away from his house after the lookout notice was issued,\" the police officials said. \"Sinoj is an associate of a person identified as Maradu Aneesh in Kochi, who is a notorious criminal and wanted in connection with the spirit case,\" the officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12259755", "title": "Poonam Pandey speaks about Nupur Mehta's match fixing game!", "text": "Now Poonam Pandey speaks about Nupur Mehta's match fixing game!Leggy lass Poonam Pandey knows it well who, when and what to comment on. Now Poonam left her comment over the match fixing issue which raised millions of eyeballs across globe. Model posted on her twitter profile, \"Match-fixing allegations are back. If you really like sports , you'll never buy these stories.We won the World Cup fair and square. Simple.\" Recently, Bollywood actress who has been linked to the match fixing allegations between India and Pakistan has not been declared in public but a picture with the whistleblowing report published in Britain's 'The Sunday Times' resembles one Nupur Mehta. While Poonam also compared the match fixing allegations with the Shekhar Suman show MoversAndShakers as she said, \"#MoversAndShakers is back. So is #MatchFixing. Seems, we are back in the #90s.\" Over the allegations Poonam wrote, \"Y only matches won by India r probed for fixing why not Australia Sri Lanka match?\" While Poonam showing her likeness for the Indian cricket team praised them by saying, \"Nothing like watching the Indian cricket team! Win or Lose we are still the world champions! Who else watching the match? Love to all.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12263203", "title": "Celebrate summer", "text": "The partygoers of Chennai had an absolute blast on this beautiful night in March.The summer breeze kept the folks in good spirits. And as the evening dawned, the revellers hurried on to haunt their favourite joints. This particular nightclub was where all the action was centred. The girls and boys arrived, dressed in their fashionable best. The ladies, as usual were the cynosure of all eyes. Ranjana looked uber-haute in her figure-hugging sunshine yellow outfit. Complementing it with a lovely white jacket, she didn't have to work too hard to be the heartstopper at the soiree. Sharanya decided to keep things simple and went for a black and blue combo that looked cute on her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12256365", "title": "All over PUSU chief post", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It was a cold war at Panjab University following the announcement of new chairman of Panjab University Students' Union (PUSU) on Monday afternoon that later turned bloody at DAV College, Sector 10, between arch rivals Students' Organization of Panjab University (SOPU) and PUSU.Chasing the new PUSU chairman, Jeewanjot Singh Chahal, SOPU members reached DAV College armed with swords and pistols. Chahal had gone to the college to check arrangements of a star nite,'Raunak', being organized by DAV student council. The shootout at the college in which three PUSU members, including Charandev, Navneet and Arshdeep were injured took place within half an hour after a brawl was averted at PU Student Centre, where PS-11 SHO Gurmukh Singh and PU security staff were present.\"We were expecting an ugly incident at PU as PUSU announced its new chairman. After our security staff spotted SOPU leaders waiting for PUSU members at Student Centre to spoil their meeting, we checked them. Last year too, trouble had ensued when PUSU's chairman was to be announced,\" said PU chief security officer P K Dhawan.Chahal, a student of a Landran college, said, \"Several gunshots were fired and some of my close friends injured. It was sheer chance that when SOPU supporters entered the college, I had left.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12255699", "title": "Kalam to be in city today", "text": "VARANASI: Former President of India A P J Abdul Kalam will visit the city on Wednesday for an interactive session with students of various schools. As a part of his national mission 'what can I give' supporting the vision 2020 of India, Kalam will address thousands of students in two separate events to be organised by two schools of the city.R K Pandey, principal, Delhi Public School, said the former President of India will address youths including school children of the city.As per the information given by Subina Chopra, spokesperson with Aryan International School, Kalam will visit the school premises and have an interactive session with over 1,500 students invited from various schools across the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12257000", "title": "ST/SC legislators demand Rajya Sabha seat for General candidate", "text": "JAIPUR: In a shift from the normal, Congress parliamentarians and legislators from the reserved Scheduled Caste (SC) and Scheduled Tribe (ST) communities from the state are lobbying hard to get a Rajya Sabha seat for a non-reserved communities' candidate from Rajasthan's Vagad-Mewar region.State minister Mahendrajeet Singh Malviya led a team of the ruling party's half-a-dozen legislators form the Vagad-Mewar region to plead their case before chief minister Ashok Gehlot on Tuesday. The same group along with Dungarpur-Banswara MP Tarachand Bhagora earlier met Congress supremo Sonia Gandhi and the party affairs' in-charge for Rajasthan Mukul Wasnik with the demand.The reserved communities came up with the demand since the non-reserved communities in the Vagad-Mewar region were barred from contesting direct elections on majority of the seats after the latest delimitation of constituencies got implemented in the 2008 assembly elections.\"Ours being a notified tribal sub-plan area (TSP), the general community members cannot contest any direct election right from a village sarpanch to a Lok Sabha seat from here. We, therefore, want a respectable post for the general communities also and the indirect election of Rajya Sabha is the only option,\" Malviya told TOI on Tuesday.The twin districts of Dungarpur and Banswara constitute the Vagad area, while the Mewar comprises Udaipur, Chittorgarh, Rajsamand and Pratapgarh districts. The Vagad-Mewar combined region has 28 assembly seats and four Lok Sabha seats. Of these 17 assembly seats and two Lok Sabha seats are reserved for the ST/SC communities. The Congress holds all the four Lok Sabha seats and 20 assembly seats in the region, while one assembly seat elected a Congress rebel Nana Lal Ninama, who is currently part of the Gehlot government as parliamentary secretary.At a time when most of the direct elections in the region were slotted for the reserved communities, the general communities in the Vagad districts launched a movement - The Samta Andolan - to demand same concessional benefits for themselves as were given to the ST/SC communities here. The movement supporters justify their demand with the argument that when the entire region has been notified as tribal, all communities residing here should be treated as backward.Considering the general communities' resentment against being politically and economically \"marginalised\", the ST/ST legislators and parliamentarians believe that a Rajya Sabha seat for a non-reserved communities' candidate from here would keep the Congress's political base strong in the Vagad-Mewar region. The opposition BJP is also facing the same demand from its workers here.While the Congressmen are lobbying for a local businessman Dinesh Khodania, the BJP men are said to be forwarding the case of one of its former Nagar Palika president Shankar Singh Solanki. Elections for Rajasthan's three Rajya Sabha seats - two of which are held by the Congress and one by the BJP - will be held on March 30, as these seats will fall vacant on April 4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12255729", "title": "Food business operators can now register online", "text": "PANAJI: With the aim of simplifying licensing procedures for food business operators, the food and drugs administration (FDA) today launched an online licence registration system for food business operators in the state.Speaking at a function held at Ghall in the city, FDA director Salim Veljee said this initiative would be beneficial in terms of time and manpower savings and facilitate easy registration for food business operators, wholesalers, retailers and hoteliers.Under the online system, food vendors will be able to apply for licenses, pay fees online, receive status updates and SMS alerts on expiry and renewal of their licenses as well as dates for inspection of premises, expiry and renewal dates of licenses.The website for online licenses or registration is www.foodlicensing.fssai.gov.in and the steps for the same are explained on the website. Kirit Maganlal, chairman, GCCI's retail committee, said that Goa is among the first states to implement online registration.After the launch, the FDA organized a training session conducted by faculty from the National Institute of Smart Government for representatives of 62 food business operators in Panaji to familiarize them with the process. Similar sessions have been planned in other municipal areas such as Margao, Vasco and Ponda.GCCI president Manguirish Pai Raikar said \"This is a very essential step as far as Goa is concerned as it is a tourist state. Vendors should adhere to standards of food safety act so people feel confident to consume food products outside.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12255932", "title": "24 dists to be linked to 4-lane NHs", "text": "PATNA: The state assembly on Tuesday passed the road construction department (RCD)'s budgetary demand of Rs 4,475 crore. RCD minister Nand Kishore Yadav said the state government had to invest Rs 969 crore from its own resources on completion of National Highway (NH) projects.The minister said the Centre always gave less money for the NH projects. He said the quality of construction of state highways was better than that of national highways. Rebutting charges of opposition member Lalit Kumar Yadav of RJD who moved cut motion alleging poor quality of roads, the minister said the quality was being maintained despite the bitumen costing four times higher compared to the RJD regime. He said the state's plea for rehabilitation of Gandhi Setu found no favour with the Centre which is still collecting toll there. He said a new road bridge is to come up from Kachchi Dargah to Bidupur across the Ganga.The minister said 24 districts would be linked to four-lane National Highways and 31 districts will have bypass roads in the next four years. With the construction of new national highways and state highways around Patna , there will be a ring of highways around it, he said.He said an elevated road, named Loknayak Setu, would be constructed from Jagdeo Path to Sheikhpurahere. This would be linked to the GPO roundabout flyover reaching Chiraiyantand from where there is another flyover reaching Exhibition Road. He said another elevated road from Gaighat which would link the flyover reaching Moinul Haque stadium. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12257330", "title": "Duplicate battery case: Mobile firms against filing plaint", "text": "SURAT: Police are in a tizzy as no mobile company has come forward to lodge a complaint in the duplicate mobile battery case, despite several reminders and after so many days since the racket was busted. The raid at a unit at Sarigam near Vapi on March 3 had led to the seizure of duplicate batteries with a face value of Rs 2 crore. The seized batteries were duplicates of Nokia and other leading brands like Sony Ericson and Samsung.The mobile companies are not keen that any legal action be taken against the accused, senior police officials in Valsad believe. \"No company has come forward to lodge a complaint against the manufacturer of the duplicate batteries. We informed the mobile companies immediately after the recovery of fake batteries. However, the companies are not taking much interest in the case,\" said D B Vaghela, superintendent of police, Valsad.The attitude of the companies has confused the police. \"Police can become a complainant, but the accusations will not be sustainable in court. A complaint of copyright violation and forgery by the owner company helps police in initiating legal action against the accused,\" Vaghela said.The duplicate battery manufacturing was not only causing a loss of revenue to the branded companies but also to the government. The duplicate mobile battery manufacturing unit was registered as packaging unit and was evading excise and other taxes, police said.Investigation has revealed that the person involved in the making of duplicate batteries was earlier arrested in Bhivandi in 2009 for a similar crime. The accused had shifted his operation to Vapi after his unit in Bhivandi was raided by Mumbai police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12255975", "title": "Traffic constable beaten up by driver high on booze, cop links", "text": "AHMEDABAD: An inebriated car driver beat up a traffic constable and fought with other traffic cops near Nehru Bridge crossroads on Tuesday afternoon. He was later taken to the Navrangpura police station, where he was arrested for assaulting a government employee on duty. This is the second such incident in last three days.According to Navrangpura police officials, a traffic constable Dharemndrasinh Zala and head constable Amrat Patni were on duty at Nehru Bridge booth around 4 pm. At that time, Zala observed a white Maruti Alto jumping the traffic signal. However, Zala stopped the car and asked the driver to come out.\"It turned out that the man behind the wheels Rajbha Zala, a resident of Ghatlodia, was connected to a police officer with the city police. He started arguing with the policemen present on the spot and even threatened of dire consequences. When the officials realized that Rajbha might be drunk, they asked him to accompany them to police station. At that, Rajbha charged at the police officials present and beat up Zala on the spot before other officials nabbed him,\" a Navrangpura police official said.The drama continued at the police station even as Rajbha kept telling the cops that he was one of them and should be allowed to leave without being pulled up for his actions. However, the police officials decided to book him and took Zala's complaint.Two days back, a constable was dragged for 25 feet by a youth on his bike near Helmet Crossroads when the latter tried to stop him from breaking zebra crossing for pedestrians.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12256812", "title": "Bangalore's Mormon community keeps the faith", "text": "BANGALORE: The next US President will be Mitt Romney if he can fight his way through the primaries and then defeat Barack Obama . Thanks to his faith, the spotlight is on The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Better known as Mormonism, this order has about 9,000 members in India. \"There are 1,100 members in Bangalore,\" says Robert K William, managing director of its Indian branch in Bangalore.There's speculation on what changes Romney, if elected, could bring about for democracy and equality . William told TOI: \"As a matter of policy, our church does not endorse, promote or oppose political parties, candidates or platforms. It doesn't attempt to direct its members as to which candidate or party they should vote for. This policy applies whether or not a candidate is a member of our church. It does not attempt to influence a government leader.\"The church does encourage its members to be responsible citizens. \"This includes being informed about issues and to vote in elections. We're expected to engage in the political process in an informed and civil manner , respecting the fact that we come from a variety of backgrounds and experiences and may have differences of opinion. Candidates for office are requested not to imply that their candidacies are endorsed by our Church ,\" he adds.\"We have members from all backgrounds - teachers, doctors and surgeons and nurses. We also have businessman, IT professionals and consultants,\" he said. William conversion happened when he saw his older brother perform voluntary service as a Mormon. \"I saw in him what I could become and so decided to join,\" William said. \"The church encourages us to follow The Word of Wisdom and we have to abstain from tea, coffee, tobacco, alcohol and harmful drugs. I married a member of the church now have three children who are being brought up as Mormons.\"The members meet at a church on Convent Road, off Residency Road, as well as in leased buildings in Ramamurthynagar , Whitefield and Indiranagar . About 200 persons meet at each centre every Sunday morning . \"On weekdays, there are learning activities for women too,\" he said.Their primerThey believe in the Bible , both Old and New Testaments They also believe in the Book of Mormon The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints was established in 1830 by Joseph Smith They're not a Protestant denomination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12256177", "title": "CPM to empower its branches", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Stung by MLA Selvaraj's turncoat act, the CPM state leadership is planning to strengthen its branches in order to sharpen its intelligence network.The strategy will be implemented across the state soon after the 20th party Congress.``The state conference held in Thiruvananthapuram last month had focused on strategies to strengthen branches. The failure of party intelligence was a cause for concern. This was noted by the party when our calculation about the result of 2009 Lok Sabha poll went wrong,'' said a senior CPM leader.A strategy to make branches more effective was announced by the CPM state secretary Pinarayi Vijayan soon after getting elected as the secretary for the fourth term. ``Local and area committee members will attend branch meetings. There will be a mechanism by the district committee concerned to ensure proper functioning of branches,'' Vijayan had said.In the Selvaraj resignation, the information did not reach the district leadership because of the weak structure of local and branch committees. Disciplinary action had silenced a good number of local leaders and those who remained had no access at the grassroots. The party leadership has realized that it was the reason why the party remained clueless on the rebel's move. The CPM has also outlined a scheme to re-educate party leaders and state committee members. ``Though there were a number of ways within the party mechanism to address his complaints, Selvaraj preferred to go out without discussing anything with the party leadership,'' said the leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12255188", "title": "Punjab and Haryana high court imposes Rs20k fine on Haryana Staff Selection Commission", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Haryana Staff Selection Commission (HSSC) virtually received a rap on its knuckles on Tuesday from the Punjab and Haryana high court for destroying a required record pertaining to the selection process of mandi supervisors, when such process was under challenge before the high court. The HC also imposed a cost of Rs 20,000 on the commission for destruction of answer sheets of the examination during the pendency of the case.\"The act of the commission has put public institutions like selection boards 'in very poor light', more so as the HSSC destroyed the records when they had definite information about pendency of the petition, where the petitioners had prayed for seeking the production of their answer sheets before the HC,\" observed Justice K Kannan of the HC.The orders were made by the court after hearing a petition filed by two petitioners, Raju Sharma of Mahindragarh district and Bhupinder Kumar of Bhiwani district seeking production of OMR sheets of the petitioners in relation to the written test conducted by HSSC on April 20, 2008 for appointment to the post of mandi supervisors in Haryana State Agriculture Marketing Board (HSAMB).Justice Kannan also upheld the plea of petitioners' counsel, H C Arora, that the period of three months on the expiry of which the HSSC, under the policy framed by it, could destroy the records of an examination starts from the date of declaration of result of final selection. In the instant case, the result of written test was declared on May 31, 2008, while the final result was declared on August 23, 2008.Justice Kannan observed that HSSC could not have destroyed the answer sheets pertaining to the selection before November 23, 2008. The explanation given by HSSC that it did not know about the contents and subject matter of the petition, as the office of advocate general had not supplied to it the copy of the writ petition, was rejected by Justice Kannan, terming it as \"a lame excuse\".Justice Kannan observed that in the present case, the answer sheets were destroyed in a manner that the right of the candidates to get answer sheets under RTI Act shall get a severe beating.Out of the fine imposed Rs 10,000 each is payable to each of the two petitioners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12256272", "title": "Unguarded rear gate made attack possible", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In what points to a major security lapse at DAV College, Sector 10, weapons, including swords and pistols, were on Monday sneaked in by supporters of Students' Organization of Panjab University ( SOPU) from the rear gate after breaking open its lock. The rear gate is hardly used as it is near a garbage dumping site. As the miscreants entered the sports ground where PUSU members were preparing for a star night, the college security and police stationed outside the main gate did little to check the situation. And what further highlights the negligence is the fact that those injured in the attack were outsiders.Eyewitnesses said two police vehicles were escorting a Hollywood film technicians, who had come to collect their equipment from the college.Cutting a sorry figure, the college management on Tuesday decided to build a wall where the rear gate stands.\" We had least expected that they would enter through the dumping site. A wall will come up at the place of rear gate. We are checking the security at main gates and in hostels,\" said officiating principal A K Nanda. He added that the college would bar admission of students with criminal background, though such attempts have done little to prevent related incidents in the past.Two PCR vehicles on the college premises, barely half a kilometre from the brawl site, were hardly a deterrent for offenders. The vehicles were reportedly escorting a Hollywood film technicians, who were there to collect their equipment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12256470", "title": "For Kavlana Gaekwads, life came a full circle with Sayajirao III", "text": "VADODARA: He is popularly known as the son of a farmer who went on to become the ruler of Baroda and one of the most prominent kings amongst princely states during the days of the Raj. But few would know that with Maharaja Sayajirao III life had come full circle for a clan that ruled over 47 villages in Maharashtra bordering Gujarat that included Kavlana village after which the clan was popularly called as Kavlana Gaekwads.The Kavlana Gaekwads to which Sayajirao III was born in as Gopalrao, were direct descendents of Prataprao Gaekwad, brother of Damajirao II, who had made significant expansion of Gaekwadi rule in the state. While Damajirao II continued his accession in Gujarat, Prataprao was introduced to Khandesh and given the control of 47 villages.But the Kavlana Gaekwad clan virtually lost its royalty status when Prataprao was deprived of his share of villages when the Peshwas of Maharashtra exchanged some territories with Damajirao who was given some territories in Gujarat in lieu of the villages. \"While this transaction made some small addition to the territory that Damajirao had acquired in Gujarat, it left Prataprao's branch without any territory whatsoever as their fief, with the consequence that his descendents had to fall back on farming as a means of livelihood,\" notes late Maharaja Fatesinghrao Gaekwad in his book 'Sayajirao of Baroda - The Prince and the Man'.Fatesinghrao adds that the descendents gravitated to a small village Kavlana in Nasik district and settled down there as farmers. They even bought a share of hereditary rights of the headmanship of the village and went on to be known as Kavlana Gaekwads.Philip Sergeant in his book the 'Ruler of Baroda: An Account of the Life and Work of the Maharaja Gaekwar' notes that they sank to so poor an estate that their very existence seems to have been forgotten in Baroda. Fatesinghrao notes that on two occasions brothers of Sayajirao's father Kashirao - Ukhajirao and Sakharamrao had made attempts to get close to Maharaja Khanderao and then Maharaja Malharrao. \"All in all, the Baroda rulers had given little enough reason for their Kavlana cousins to expect much largesse from them,\" Fatesinghrao writes.But as fate would have it, Malharrao was deposed by the British. And when it came to finding an heir for the throne of Baroda through adoption the Kavlana line was zeroed in on four generations after Prataprao. Kashirao's two sons Gopalrao and Sampatrao were among the three boys from whom one was to be adopted, the third boy being Ukhaji's son Dadasaheb.Gopalrao was chosen among the three and went on to become Sayajirao III. Kavlana and the Gaekwads from there earned a status much higher than that of the 47 villages they had under Prataprao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12256622", "title": "Rail Budget: Mumbai Rail Vikas Corporation fast-tracks CST-Panvel corridor", "text": "The Mumbai Rail Vikas Corporation (MRVC) has expedited the groundwork for the ambitious CST-Panvel high-speed corridor and Panvel-Diva-Virar route by asking the Rail India Technical and Economic Services (RITES) to submit an interim report on the technical feasibility of these projects by June. It also last week asked Pricewaterhouse Coopers to carry out a financial study on the two planned undertakings and submit a report within three months.\"We are going full steam ahead on these projects. After the two reports are received, we will approach the Maharashtra government, which can share the cost of the projects with us through the City and Development Corporation,\" a senior MRVC official said.Still, railway officials are hoping that Union minister Dinesh Trivedi would give the two projects an impetus by mentioning them in Wednesday's budget.According to the concept plan approved for projects to be taken up under Mumbai Urban Transport Project-III, the number of passengers on Central Railway's Main Line and Western Railway has been growing annually by about 3%. At the same time, the passenger load has been increasing annually on Harbour and Transharbour network by 10%.The load, officials fear, will worsen as the Vashi-Panvel belt develops further due to projects such as the Navi Mumbai airport, a new special economic zone, and the expansion of Jawaharlal Nehru Port Trust. \"We need to decongest the Harbour Line network,\" the MRVC official said. \"The proposed Panvel-Diva-Vasai-Virar corridor will help develop new townships along this route.\"MRVC is keen to develop the two projects on the public-private partnership model by floating a special purpose vehicle. Under this model, the private player will perform the day-to-day operations, such as running of services, collection of fare and the like. The management control, though, will remain with the MRVC so that it can ensure a balance between profitability and commuter interest.Full Coverage on Budget 2012 : Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12256643", "title": "Accused lured 5-year-old, then raped and murdered her", "text": "NEW DELHI: Holi was two nights away but in the poor lanes of her Pitampura slum the mood was already festive. The little girl who skipped merrily behind the stranger with the fruit bag smelt a treat in it. They stopped at a house a few harmless turns away from her door where the man's friend had been cooking. They gave her meat, and resumed drinking. What they did afterwards has left even the police veterans shocked and disgusted.The two took hold of the five-yearold and felt her up, doing with their fingers what in criminology is called 'digital rape'. The horrified girl cried and tore about to reach the safety of her home and family. Her tiny limbs twisted and strained in vain as one man smothered her while the other continued the unnatural act. Within moments, the playful child had become a broken rag doll. But the beastly assault continued on her corpse.The Bhalaswa Dairy police said on Tuesday that labourer Raja Ram (28) and plumber Mushtaq (32) defiled the body in every way for hours, on the evening of March 6. Finally, they packed it in a gunny bag after mutilating the private parts, and dropped it near a bush in the Bhalaswa Dairy area, where it was found the next morning.The week old case was solved on Monday as the police became suspicious of the two men who kept offering unsolicited help in spite of being unrelated to the child. They have been arrested under IPC sections 302 (murder ), 376 (rape), 377 (unnatural offences), 363 (kidnapping) and 373 (obtaining possession of a minor with criminal intent).Additional DCP (northwest) Romil Baaniya said the duo stayed close by the child's house, and on the day of the rape and murder they had been celebrating their new jobs with meat and liquor. \"One of them went out in the evening to buy fruit. On the way back , he saw the girl playing outside her house and gave her grapes. He lured her inside their house, and gave her some meat before the crime.''About the duo's suspicious behaviour, the officer said, \"They kept on insisting that we search in places that the girl never visited. But they cracked under questioning. At their house, we found bloodstained articles that we believe belonged to the victim. We have preserved the girl's vaginal swab and a DNA test of the accused will be carried out''.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12259480", "title": "I like Chandrachur\u2019s face: Buddhadeb Basgupta", "text": "Diredtor Buddhadeb Dasgupta is working hard on his new directorial venture 'Anwar Er Ashchorjo Kahini' and surprisingly he has approached actor Chandrachur Singh for this ambitious project. Here he reveals more ...When do you begin shooting \" Anwar Er Ashchorjo Kahini\"?I should start shooting from March 19 onwards. I have scouted various locations in Odisha and Bengal. Finally, I settled for a location in Bihar.But why have you left Purulia?I have found a magical place in Bihar. Now, Purulia has become a hub of so many film makers. From Raj Chakrabarty to Italo Spinelli to Vikramaditya Motwane, every week I get to hear one movie maker or the other shooting there. It's important to understand that just copying a location doesn't make a good movie. One has to know how to use a location technically.What's it about Bihar that's so special?I wanted a place that was barren. I wanted a house that was in the middle of nowhere. While scouting for locations in Bihar, I found a house that had everything that I needed for my plot. I had thought of recreating such a house in Odisha. But then, I realized that if I wanted to do that it would cost me around Rs 50 lakh.You've cast US-based actor Shauvik in the role of a private investigator. Who else is in the cast?While casting, the most important thing for me to gauge whether I have got the right face or not. When I cast Shauvik, lots of doubts were raised. But my gut feeling was that I would be able to get him to do justice to this character. After watching Anjan Dutt's \"Bong Connection\", I found he was superb as a Bangladeshi taxi driver. And then, there is Chandrachur Singh.It's been ages that Chandrachur did any lead role in movies...Yes. This is almost like a comeback for him. His face intrigues me. Chandrachur plays a middle class character who is wellsettled in life. I think Chandrachur's eyes express detached attachment.You have worked with so many talented actors from Bengal earlier. Didn't you find anyone who could fit into that role?Yes, there is talent in Kolkata. But I needed those pair of eyes that expresses a sense of being dispassionately passionate. I've also cast Bhavna in an important role. She is a dancer and an actor from Bangalore. Again, it is her unusual facial contours that has worked for me. Besides, I noticed in her a strong urge to even do a two-scene role. I might have to dub the voices of all these actors but I think they will still be just the right cast. I am also thinking of dubbing the film in Hindi. In this film, I will be working with cinematographer Ravi K Chandran for the first time. He has done movies like \"Dil Chahta Hain\", \"Paheli\" and \"Agneepath\". It will be interesting to see what he brings to the table.Thrillers are the flavour of the season both in Bollywood and Tollywood. How is your kind of a thriller different?My approach is different. I have used magic realism even when attempting the thriller genre. When I unfold my film, it has nothing to do with a thriller.The National Awards were announced recently. Any observations?I have watched Anjan Dutt's film and I liked it. I think Anjan deserved the special jury award. Bengal needs to go beyond being petty about awards. I have heard some stray comments regarding why Neel Dutt got the Best Composer Award. It's good that this award has been given to a budding music director. We should bless him to come up with more original tunes. Also, there is also no need to attach so much of importance to the National Awards. I have been in the jury and have also found that some juries were served by unqualified people. Once you cross the boundaries of Indian cinema and take your movies to the world, nobody bothers about National Awards. The world doesn't give a damn to this award. Neither do I.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12256039", "title": "Website launched to find state's vanished children", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A group of parents whose children have gone missing launched a website and a Facebook page on Tuesday to engage web users to search for the children. The website will also become a meeting ground for the parents, said the website hosts. Sanjay Joshi, a human rights activist, told TOI that they have launched www.searchmychild.in on the eve of the state-level meet of parents of the missing children that will be held at Law Garden on 4 pm on Wednesday. \"The website contains helpline number, description of the children along with their last location. We believe that by this effort, we will not only be able to reach more people in an economical manner but will also be able to attract parents who are yet to find their children,\" said Joshi.The website has guidelines for parents to follow if they think that their child has been missing as well as a facility where they can upload information about their missing children. \"We would love to have such an effort by the state government where people can report their missing children and can also contact in case they find them. A popular website can play the role of an online notice board,\" said a member of the organization searching for missing children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12255838", "title": "LPG refills can now be booked manually too", "text": "PATNA: In a major relief to LPG consumers, the Patna high court on Tuesday directed the Indian Oil Corporation and Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Limited to take refill bookings manually in addition to the current system of booking refills through Interactive Voice Response System (IVRS) and SMS.A division bench comprising Justice P C Verma and Justice Vikas Jain passed the order on a PIL filed by one Vikas Mohan. The PIL alleged immense hardship to consumers due to the system of booking refills through IVRS and SMS.Petitioner's counsel Mukeshwar Dayal said a large number of consumers complained about the difficulties being faced by them. The matter was probed by the DM who, in his inquiry report, admitted that consumers were facing difficulties. The DM even wrote to the oil companies, urging them to start manual bookings but the oil companies refused, Dayal said and added the poor and illiterate were the worst hit.When the new system of IVRS and SMS bookings was launched in 2011, Patna was the 11{+t}{+h} city in the country to have this facility. It was later to be extended to the entire state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12258652", "title": "Mangalore chugs ahead despite inadequacies", "text": "MANGALORE: While plans to transform Mangalore Central Railway Station to a world class station announced by then Union railway minister Mamata Banerjee , is on a slow track, TOI has identified five major gaps that needs to be addressed in the immediate and in the interim.The present station is congested with only three platforms at its disposal. A proposal of Rs 16.50 crore for the construction of two island platforms to decongest the existing terminal is included in the 2012-13 budget.As many as 26 trains originate/ terminate at this station, of which 20 are daily trains catering to a passenger traffic of more than 19,000 per day with an earning of Rs 9.8 lakh per day. Railway sources say that if the platform inadequacy is addressed, railways can announce few more trains originating from Mangalore.Another major glare is the unfriendly nature of the station to senior citizens and physically handicapped. The platforms 2 and 3 have to be approached using a steep foot over bridge. \"\"The station should immediately make provision for escalators or lifts which will help elderly as well physically challenged,'' says Lata Kini, president, Kanara Chamber of Commerce and Industry (KCCI).The approach for platform 2 and 3 from Attavar side exit is poor. The lack of urinals on the Platform 2 and 3 is another sore point at the station. \"\"When railways give spaces for building tea stalls why cannot they have a toilet,'' questions Hanumanth Kamath, president of Paschima Karavali Railway Abhivarddhi Samithi.The station has only two counters for issuing tickets as well as dispensing platform tickets. A platform ticket vending machine would be a boon to visitors. In the absence of such a machine, the railways are losing revenue as majority of visitors get inside the station without buying a ticket. Railway officials say that vending machines installed in the station broke down due to rough handling by passengers. Tendering exact change for machines is another problem.Another bug which needs to be rectified is the communication issued at reservation counters and inquiry sections. \"\"They do not respond in the local language. They either speak in Malayalam or broken English. This won't do,'' say both Lata Kini and Kamath.As far as cleanliness goes, in the past three years this aspect has seen a sea change. Now railway staff from Palghat and Calicut takes care of the cleanliness needs of the station. The retiring rooms, the toilets and the platforms are maintained cleanly. But cleanliness in coaches with bed bugs, rodents and roaches give passengers the nightmares.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12254740", "title": "Don't work after 8pm, Gurgaon tells women", "text": "GURGAON: A day after a 23-year-old woman was abducted and gangraped in the city, the Gurgaon administration on Monday passed an order virtually absolving its responsibility of ensuring women are safe. The administration has told all malls, commercial establishments and pub owners that they cannot have women employees working beyond 8pm.Gurgaon deputy commissioner P C Meena said permission from the labour department would be required for a woman employee to work beyond the stipulated time in these establishments. For staffers permitted to work after 8pm, the employer would have to provide transportation for them to go home, he said.By banning them from late-night jobs, the administration seems to be viewing women as the problem. The DC invoked an existing law -- the Punjab Shops and Commercial Establishments Act -- while passing the order. He directed employers to maintain a log book to record details of vehicles used to transport women employees, their time of departure, name of driver, etc.\"Any information about women employees working after 8pm should be sent in advance to the labour department. During inspection, the permission received from the labour department for deploying women beyond the permitted time will have to be produced when asked for by district administration officials,\" said Meena.Meena directed officials to conduct surprise checks to ensure the order is being implemented. Owners of malls, pubs and commercial establishments have been asked to install CCTV cameras at pick-up points near buildings.Expressing concern over incidents of eve-teasing, molestation and assault, Meena said it shall be the responsibility of pub and malls owners to ensure that these places are shut within the closing time indicated in their licences.\"If any owner is found flouting licence norms, a case shall be registered against not only the defaulting pub owner but also the mall owner,\" added the administrator. Malls have been directed to disconnect electricity connections of pubs that stay open after closing time.Pub operators have also been asked to maintain records of visitors. They should keep a photocopy of the customers' identity cards and show these to the area SHO once every 15 days.Meena has asked each pub owner to create an IP address and provide direct internet access to the area DCP so that activities inside these premises can be monitored and recorded. The owners have yet again been asked to install CCTVs on their premises with a pan-360-degree view so that no corner is left without electronic surveillance. These CCTVs should have a recording backup of a minimum 30 days.He asked the police to increase their vigilance and act with strictness against drunken driving outside the malls. The mall owners should also get their bouncers verified with the police, he said. These orders are applicable to all malls and pubs operating in the Gurgaon district, Meena added.Times watchIn recent times, TOI has tried to avoid carrying disturbing reports of rape and suicide, especially of minors, on front page (even today we have put one such report inside). While our primary duty is to report news without attaching any value judgment, we also believe it is our responsibility to spare our readers the trauma such reports cause (to the extent possible).But every now and then, we are left with little option but to make exceptions to our rule, particularly when law enforcers appear apathetic - at times, even callous - in their approach to prevention, investigation and/or prosecution.The unchecked spate of violent crimes against women in Gurgaon is one such instance where the local and state administration's approach amounts to negligence. Till such time as we see greater seriousness from the police, we will continue to highlight such crimes, even if it means unsettling our readers in the morning. The administration needs to feel the heat of public outrage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12256846", "title": "Priority no. 1 keep the tracks clean", "text": "BANGALORE: Lack of hygiene as well as clean drinking water at Bangalore City railway station upsets passengers the most. The nine-platform station has almost all facilities to be a passenger-friendly station, but the stench of garbage and human waste stacked up on the tracks makes life miserable for passengers.Railway authorities and passengers are equally to be blamed for this. The station has waiting lounges, lifts, underpasses, coffee bars, restaurants, small eateries, medical store and also a health centre which can handle medical emergencies. But when it comes to potable drinking water , clean toilets and accurate train information , the station scores poorly.Prasanna Kumar, a resident of Palace Gutahalli, who was boarding the Shatabdi Express with his family on Tuesday, told TOI: \"We've been on the platform for about half an hour and the stink is unbearable. The tap water is so bad we can't drink it; we have to buy bottled water. The facilities at the station have improved over the past 10 years, but it'll take another 50 years to make it passenger friendly.\"A group of travellers from Hungary on their way to Chennai had good words. \"We've seen many stations in India and Bangalore is far better. The authorities should concentrate on maintaining cleanliness on tracks and inside the compartments . The AC coaches are clean but general compartments are very dirty,\" said Victoria B Farogo.Passengers also complained about the platforms roofs. \"I'm a regular traveller. The platforms are okay, but they should build proper roofs as it's particularly bad during monsoons,\" said Vinayak Rao.The trolleys to transport luggage and the special route for it is hardly utilized. \"I asked the coolie to take a trolley, as we had two big bags and had to go to Platform 7, but he preferred to carry it on his head instead. He charged reasonably so I had no problem,\" said Prakash Rungta.A South-Western Railway spokesperson said the station has many pay-anduse toilets. He added that passengers could also use toilets in the air-conditioned waiting lounge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12254327", "title": "We will counter fiction: Army chief Gen. V K Singh", "text": "NEW DELHI: Continuing to vehemently deny allegations of clandestinely tapping phones of senior defence ministry officials, the Army says strict action is being taken against the serving officers spreading such \"fictitious, malicious and preposterous'' stories.With a major-general and a colonel among other officers under the scanner in what has emerged as a bitter factional feud within the 1.13-million strong force, Army chief General V K Singh on Tuesday said, ``Necessary action will be taken against some of these officers. Our aim is that we come up with facts upfront and we don't hide them. Such fiction has to be countered.''The raging controversy revolves around Army's alleged tapping of some sensitive phones in the national Capital through misuse of listening devices and \"off-the-air interceptors'', especially during the recent tussle between the defence ministry and Gen Singh over the latter's date of birth.The Army HQ has directly accused a former director general of Defence Intelligence Agency (DIA), Lt-Gen (retd) Tejinder Singh, and some other ``disgruntled'' serving and retired military intelligence officers of ``fabricating the fiction'' that a covert Army unit had spied on MoD officials during the prolonged stand-off.It even accused Lt-Gen Tejinder Singh of offering bribes on behalf of a foreign military vehicle supplier that has a tie-up with a defence PSU. The retired DIA chief has dismissed the charges as ``ridiculous'' and even threatened to take the Army chief to court to clear his name.This is just the latest in the unseemly controversies dogging the Army, which even saw Gen V K Singh drag the government to court over his age in the first-ever such move by a military chief. Apart from the Army itself being divided down the ranks, the controversies have sharpened the civil-military divide in South Block even further.In an unusual step, a rattled government announced that Eastern Army commander Lt-Gen Bikram Singh would succeed Gen V K Singh on May 31, three months in advance instead of normal two-month norm. All major policy and other issues connected with Army are now being routed through Lt-Gen Bikram Singh as the chief-designate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12258846", "title": "B'wood hopes to get welcome from Akhilesh Yadav", "text": "Good news for Bollywood vis-a-vis Akhilesh Yadav's ascension in UP. The young Samajwadi heir-apparent is most enthusiastic about Bollywood and is expected to throw the doors of UP wide-open to filmmakers from Mumbai.Directors like Prakash Jha and Sudhir Mishra who have faced road-blocks in their filmmaking plans in UP are already gearing up for the changed circumstances in the State.Prakash Jha was not allowed to take the Big B to the universities of Uttar Pradesh during the promotion of 'Aarakshan'. But now Sudhir Mishra who has been grappling to get the Big B into Lucknow for 'Mehrunissa' is finally planning his first schedule in the city.To one's surprise one got to now that Akhilesh Yadav is a big Heavy Metal enthusiast and a huge fan of Bollywood music and films.Says a source, \"Akhilesh has the largest collection of Heavy Metal songs and albums culled from all across the world. Even diehard Metal enthusiasts would be impressed by his knowledge and collection of Metal music.\"According to a very reliable source, Akhilesh has some really close friends in the Mumbai film industry, the closest being director Arjun Sablok of 'Na Tum Jano Na Hum' fame.Akhilesh and Arjun go back a long way and apparently have very close family ties. In fact the two buddies together planned the entire Samajwadi Party election campaign.Sablok shot all the Samajwadi electoral films. But with constant and persuasive inputs from Mulayam Singh's son who masterminded the Samajwadi victory in UP. Says a source, \"The turning point in Akhilesh's political career was when his wife Dimple lost the elections to Raj Babbar . He decided to change his strategy to target his politics to a younger more forward-looking section of voters. And that included addressing his political aspirations to the young neglected and uneducated section of UP.Akhilesh began planning the Samajwadi Party's Ummeed Ki Cycle election campaign nearly two years ago. He took Arjun Sablok into confidence. Arjun has been flying in and out of Lucknow constantly, planning and shooting a series of films.\"Now that the campaign has worked Arjun, we hear, would be shooting his next feature film in Lucknow and other parts of UP.When contacted Sablok was somewhat reticent about his rapport with the new shining star of Uttar Pradesh. \"It doesn't seem right to flaunt one's proximity to power. At the same time I can't deny that Akhilesh and I go back a long way.We're family friends. And yes, he did invite me to shoot all the campaign films. I shot all 6 of the Samajwadi's electoral films. Akhilesh was hands-on in the process.\"Sablok admits Akhilesh's understanding of cinema is \"considerable\" and would definitely herald a new era in Uttar Pradesh's relationship with Bollywood.Says a source, \"Shooting in the State had become almost impossible. Films based in Uttar Pradesh like 'Dabangg' were shot near Mumbai. But now 'Dabangg 2' will take Salman to Lucknow and Kanpur.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12256179", "title": "Brighter prospects for UDF: Antony", "text": "KOCHI: Defence minister A K Antony said that UDF's poll prospects have gone up significantly in Piravom due to the unprecedented unity within the front. Addressing a public meeting at Mulanthuruthy on Tuesday, Antony said even impartial voters would vote for the UDF candidate to strengthen the state government.Antony said that a very senior LDF leader is being attacked by his own party members. \"CPM's organizational polls turned into a trial for V S Achuthananandan. I am very worried that a veteran like VS is not thinking properly. Now, we don't have leaders like K Karunakaran and E K Nayanar and he is their senior leader. He should not be using such (abusive) language to degrade opponents,\" Antony said.He added that LDF was a divided lot and there were problems among the front's constituents. That's why more leaders were joining UDF. \"UPA government sanctioned everything the LDF government needed. But they didn't implement these projects. Now, UDF government is implementing them including the SmartCity project,\" said Antony.The defence minister said people in Piravom want development projects. \"People want good roads, water, hospitals and job opportunities. T M Jacob had set a record by issuing ration cards to all people in the state. Jacob introduced the one-rupee rice programme,\" he said.Chief minister Oommen Chandy said UDF leaders pushed various pro-people policies despite a thin majority. \"During the past nine months, no projects were affected due to differences of opinion among within the UDF, he said.Finance minister K M Mani, transport minister V S Sivakumar, excise minister K Babu, industries minister P K Kunhalikutty, public works minister V K Ibrahim Kunju, KPCC president Ramesh Chennithala, JSS leader K R Gowri, Socialist Janata Party leader M P Veerendra Kumar, MP Jose K Mani, MLAs Hibi Eden, M V Shreyams Kumar, Benny Behanan, DCC president V J Paulose and Sindhu Joy attended the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12255460", "title": "Childless woman sets self on fire, dies", "text": "KOLKATA: Driven by frustration, a married woman allegedly burnt herself to death at their rented home in Behala's Bamacharan Street in the wee hours of Tuesday, police said. The victim's husband also sustained 80% burns while trying to rescue her from the flames.Sampa Ghoshal, 30, and Bapi Ghoshal, 35, had married four years ago. But the couple did not have any children. remained childless.Around 2.30am on Tuesday, neighbours heard the couple screaming in pain. Their landlord Subrata Chowdhury, who lives in the adjoining rooms on the same floor, said that it was Bapi who first yelled aloud for help. A stunned Subrata immediately alerted neighbours who barged into the couple's home after breaking open the front door. They saw Sampa completely engulfed in flames. A good part of the husband's body was also in flames. They threw cloth and sacks on the couple to douse the flames.Neighbours then took the couple to Vidyasagar Hospital where Sampa was declared brought dead. Bapi had sustained 80% burns and was referred to MR Bangur Hospital where his condition was reported to be critical. Bapi worked as a salesman in a private firm.Policemen from Parnasree police station reached the house and inspected it. An officer said they are investigating the incident but added that no suicide note was found in the couple's home. Police suspect that Sampa, driven by frustration over her failure to conceive, may have set herself on fire. Bapi sustained severe burns trying to rescue his wife from the flames, said police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12257203", "title": "HC tells govt to maintain Anna library properly", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has expressed hope that the state government will continue to maintain the Anna Centenary Library in a good condition and has said PILs could be filed again in caseof any neglect or withdrawal of existing facilities.An order to this effect was passed by the first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam, when a PIL by Kavignar Ilayabharathi came up for hearing on Tuesday.When the PIL was taken up for hearing, senior counsel P Wilson submitted that the government was adopting a 'starveto-death' policy in the matter, and was withdrawing many key facilities to make the library unpopular among readers and book-lovers.Heclaimedthatseveral magazines and journals had been discontinued, and that the staff strength too had been deliberately brought down.In her counter-affidavit, however,schooleducation secretary D Sabitha submitted that the government had neither reduced the number of books and periodicals nor reducedthestaff strength as alleged by the petitioner.Noting that the PIL had been filed with a malafide intention, government pleader S Venkatesh told the court that the allegationswere 'purely imaginary ' andthatthe governmenthadonly added additional facilities to thecomplex.He said that so far books had been purchased for 89.69 crore and all books had been accommodated in the library. Though the facility could house 12 lakh books, only about five lakh had been purchased and accommodated so far. The monthly maintenance cost of the library works out to 50 lakh and will rise to 3 crore in the years to come. However, the average income from the library is only 1.3 crore per annum though, thecounter petition said.During arguments,however, Chief Justice Eqbal wondered as to why the government should think about shifting the facility at all. The judges adjourned the case to April 14 for further hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "12256115", "title": "HC asks Naseer Khan to appear on March 21", "text": "CUTTACK: The Orissa high court on Tuesday directed Bollywood actor Naseer Khan, the main accused in the Balasore chit fund scam, to personally appear before it on March 21.The court also directed Khan to submit his passport, property and income tax details to it. A division bench, comprising Chief Justice V Gopala Gowda and Justice B N Mohapatra, gave the ruling in the wake of various investors, who were allegedly duped by Khan's company, Fine Indi Sales, petitioned. The court also asked Khan to submit a detailed list about his company's assets.\"The court directed Khan to appear before it personally in the matter on March 21 and apprise the court of his assets,\" said Kali Prasanna Mishra, a counsel of an investor.In 2009, the crime branch of state police unearthed a multi-crore chit fund scam in Balasore district allegedly masterminded by Khan. Fine Indi Sales allegedly duped thousands of investors by promising them good returns on their investment. Khan was arrested in October 2009, and later released on bail. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12255981", "title": "Budget 2012-13: Government to table white paper on black money during session", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government will bring a white paper on black money during the Budget session, minister of state for finance S S Palanimanickam said on Tuesday in response to a question in the Rajya Sabha.Though the committee on black money, constituted by the government last year, is yet to submit its report, the decision to table the white paper is to ward off any Opposition attack on the issue as the BJP seemed to be readying for a showdown in the current session.The issue of Indians having huge unaccounted black money stashed in foreign banks abroad had paralyzed Parliament sessions and the government was forced to give an undertaking in the Winter session that it would bring a white paper to address all Opposition queries.\"The white paper is likely to be brought during the Budget session,\" the minister said. He said that the government has commissioned a study to estimate the quantum of the unaccounted income at home and abroad and its ramifications on national security on the basis of the recommendations of the standing committee on finance.\"The study is being conducted separately by three government institutes - National Institute of Public Finance and Policy, National Institute of Financial Management and the national Council for Applied Economics Research - and it is expected to be completed by September, 2012,\" Palanimanickam said.The other committee set up by the government last May to suggest measures and fresh laws to curb generation of black money has been given extension till March 31 to submit its report.The intra-ministerial group, which has finalized an initial draft of recommendations, is headed by the chairman of the Central Board of Direct Taxes and has four other members from the finance ministry besides heads of three investigative agencies - the Directorate of Revenue Intelligence, the Enforcement Directorate and the Financial Intelligence Unit - and a joint secretary from the law ministry as its members.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12258743", "title": "Salman Khan gets bullied", "text": "Hanumant Rao Patil, a notorious film federation employee disrupted the actor's shoot and will now have to face the consequences for itMumbai Mirror learnt that five days back, Patil barged in on the sets of the Salman Khan commercial. He stopped the shoot and asked Raman Lamba, who was in charge of the production, to cough up Rs 66,000. Patil stated that he heads the 'Still photography Department' of the FWICE. Since Lamba wasn't registered with the institution, Patil asked him to pay up the required sum before continuing with the shoot.Angry with Patil, the Vice Chairman of Allied Mazdoor Union, a part of FWICE, Prem Singh Thakur said, \"Stopping Salman's shoot is just not done. The same goes for any other shoot actually. FWICE is not here to inconvenience people. We don't demand money from people. We resolve issues amicably. What Patil is doing is just not done.\"He revealed that Salman's shoot was not the only production that has suffered because of Patil's antics. \"He stopped a shoot in Goregaon yesterday. Two models were shooting for an ad. Patil demanded for money there as well,\" said an irritated Thakur.Another senior member of the association, Dinesh Chaturvedi, General Secretary FWICE said, \"We have not issued a business member card to Patil. But we had appointed him as the Head of Still Photography. But if this is the way he is going to function, we shall not issue the card to him.\"When we contacted Patil, he however chose to defend his style of functioning. \"Lamba was not registered with FWICE. I have done no wrong. Lamba even had to submit his passport and a few other documents to us today. A few more formalities still remain though.\"Patil also denied inconveniencing Salman Khan during the shoot. However, Chaturvedi who is also doing a cameo in Salman Khan's Dabangg 2 revealed that Salman had in fact told him about the incident 'indirectly' on the sets of the film. \"He said 'aapke vigilance ke log set pe chale aate hain' without naming Patil. And I understood what he meant,\" revealed Chaturvedi.Keeping Salman's complaint in mind, the federation has now decided to take a step against Patil. \"We have requested every producer to check the vigilance member card of any person who disrupts a shoot or asks for money claiming that they are from the federation,\" Chaturvedi told Mirror.As for Patil, the federation has now decided to take strict action against him. \"Patil has been harassing filmmaker for a long time. We want to sack him very soon.\"Lamba chose not to get involved in the FWICE fight and said, \"We are unable to comment on this. Please respect our decision.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12256890", "title": "ICCR regional office in Bhopal", "text": "BHOPAL: The overseas students studying on Indian Council for Cultural Relations (ICCR) scholarships in Madhya Pradesh can now directly contact its regional office at Bhopal after it starts functioning later this month. The regional office at Ustad Alauddin Khan Sangeet and Kala Akadami Building is likely to be inaugurated on March 21.\"We are awaiting confirmation from the chief minister's office for his participation,\" said ICCR regional officer Nityanand Shrivastava.Sources said ICCR president Karan Singh is likely to attend the inaugural function which would be followed by a cultural show.The ICCR regional office coordinates council's activities with regard to international students and their welfare, cultural performances by visiting foreign delegations, outgoing cultural delegations from the region and distinguished visitors.\"It would ease the trouble of contacting the Mumbai office for all our needs,\" said a Nepali student, Rajesh, who studies in final-year at Maulana Azad National Institute of Technology (MANIT). There are more than hundred overseas students enrolled in various colleges in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "12255511", "title": "Chanda civic body elections on April 15", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Stage is set for first election for newly declared Chandrapur Municipal Corporation (CMC). State election commission on Tuesday announced of holding civic election for CMC and four other municipal corporations in state on April 15. The election code of conduct would come into effect from Tuesday midnight.Chandrapur was elevated to municipal corporation on October 25, 2011, and since then administrator was looking after the work. With only six months of time available CMC was preparing hard for the upcoming elections. While proposal for expansion of boundaries of town have been forwarded to government. Present area under jurisdiction of CMC has been restructured into 66 wards. Elections would be held under Prabhag (cluster) pattern and each cluster would comprise two wards. The formalities of draws for ward reservation have been accomplished and voter list of CMC is being finalized.With all preliminary work done, election commission announced to hold polling on April 15. Aspiring candidates can file their nomination between March 20 and 27. Scrutiny of nomination and publication of list of eligible candidates will be done on March 28. Last date of withdrawal of nomination would be March 30. Election symbols would be allotted to candidates on March 31. Civic administration would declare the final list of candidates in fray, list of voters and polling booths on April 2. Polling would be carried out on April 15 and counting would be done on following day. Additional collector NB Wati, who also holds the charge of CMC's administrator, would be election officer for this civic election.Election announcement has however delayed the development worked planned with Rs 25 crore, first instalment for under penta-centenary development grant. CMC had received the GR related to allotment of sum on Monday. Several development works including construction and repair of major roads and laying of water supply pipeline and underground electricity supply lines were proposed under this grant. But as code of conduct came into existence, administration has lost to powers to expend the money. The grant was meant for this fiscal, but administration is helpless and will have to hold the money until election procedure is over.Administrator NB Wati said, \"With the promulgation of code of conduct, administration will not be able hold the tender process for developmental works proposed under penta-centenary development. Hence the grant of Rs 25 crore would remain unspent during this fiscal year, but would be utilized immediately after election procedure is over.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12255542", "title": "HSC student, two others commit suicide in city", "text": "NAGPUR: Fear of not performing well in HSC exams drove a girl to end her life on Monday evening. The 17-year-old, Tejaswini Kumre, hanged herself after she came home after saying goodbye to her father at the railway station.Tejaswini's father Homanlal works as a clerk with the railways in Mumbai and was in the city to celebrate Holi with the family. \"Homanlal had boarded Vidarbha Express train and was at Katol when he was informed about his daughter's suicide,\" said a relative. Tejaswini had gone to drop Homanlal at the railway station.Imambada police says that the preliminary statement of her mother Baya reveals that Tejaswini, an HSC science student, had not performed well in her chemistry papers on Wednesday and Friday last week. Though she was not satisfied with her performance, she appeared for the other papers. She even seemed a bit happy with her performance in the last biology paper on Monday.After appearing for her paper, Tejaswini dropped Homanlal at railway station and reached Chandra Nagar residence at 8pm. Half an hour later, her mother Baya found her hanging from the ceiling fan in one of the two bedrooms of their home, and alerted the neighbours.Baya said Tejaswini was upset that she would fail in the exam since she had not performed well. \"She was a sharp student and being eldest of two sisters and a brother, she was afraid of failure,\" said Baya to police. The body was shifted for autopsy to Government Medical Hospital (GMCH). Imambada police have registered a case of accidental death.In another incident, a 27-year-old youth suffering from a lung disease committed suicide in the bathroom of a hospital where he was admitted. Naresh Bhalerao hanged himself from the shower with the saline tube on Tuesday morning.Bhalerao, a scarp dealer, had been suffering from the disease since last many years. On Sunday, he was first admitted to GMCH, from where he was referred to a private super speciality hospital on Monday.On Tuesday morning, Bhalerao asked his mother to bring him some snacks and then committed suicide while his mother had gone down. Relatives of other patients spotted Bhalerao's body and alerted hospital staffers. Imambada police shifted the body to GMCH and registered a case.While Imambada police were busy investigating the two suicides, the suicide by ST bus driver Rajesh Potteshwar came to light on Tuesday morning. Potteshwar was found hanging at his Chandan Nagar residence by his wife. No suicide note was found.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "12256745", "title": "Ajsu leader granted bail", "text": "Lohardaga: The chief judicial magistrate ( CJM) granted bail to All Jharkhand Student Union (Ajsu) state secretary Lal Guddu Nath Shahdeo who was sent to judicial custody by Kuru police on December 7 on the charges of having links with Maoists.The telephonic conversation of Shahdeo with a rebel was intercepted and described risky for chief minister Arjun Munda's security during his Ranchi-Daltonganj roadshow last year.Defence counsel Ajeet Kumar Singh filed a bail petition in the CJM's court on March 12 hearing on which judge Ashok Kumar Singh Ashok granted bail on two sureties of Rs 10,000 each. However Shahdeo's release will take a few more days as he has to take bail in another case against him.Answering a question on bail against a non-bailable section, the defence counsel said, \"The petitioner was granted bail by the court since police failed to file the chargesheet against Shahdeo within 90 days from the day he was taken into remand.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12260520", "title": "Deiva Thiirumagal goes to Osaka", "text": "Director Vijay's film with Vikram, Deiva Thiirumagal, will be screened at the Osaka Asian Film Festival this month.Confirming the news, Vijay says, \"The film has been officially selected to be screened under the World Cinema category, and has also entered the competition section. Vikram and I will attending the film festival this year to be present during the film's screening - on March 15 and 18.\" The film will be subtitled in English and screened under the title, God's Own Child. Interestingly, the film was earlier screened at the Busan International Film Festival in South Korea.Deiva Thiirumagal, also starring Sara, Anushka, Amala Paul, Santhanam and Nasser , is about the trials and tribulations of Krishna, a mentally challenged father, and the journey he undertakes to get custody of his daughter. Vijay and Vikram are currently working on their second film together - Thaandavam, that also stars Ansuhka and Amy Jackson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12254988", "title": "Huge gap between industry, education: President Pratibha Patil", "text": "MUMBAI: Ramnarain Ruia College in Matunga is aiming to become a university after achieving autonomy, its principal, Suhas Pednekar, announced at its platinum jubilee celebrations on Tuesday, which were attended by President Pratibha Patil and chief minister Prithviraj Chavan.Chavan mentioned that there were three bills pending in the state assembly that will help impart quality education, and said institutes should ensure access to all. Assembly speaker Dilip Walse-Patil, an alumnus of the college, was present at the event.The President said there was a huge gap between industry and education, thereby giving rise to \"unemployability\".The President also inaugurated a prototype of the Contributor Development Lab ( CDL) at Welingkar's Institute of Management Development and Research.Earlier in the evening, Patil attended a function at Raja Shivaji Vidyalaya in Dadar to mark its centenary year. Also present were Devisingh Shekhawat, governor K Sankaranarayanan, Chavan and Murlidhar Bhandare, the governor of Odisha. \"Institutes like these should teach children to lead the nation towards development as progress comes only with good and quality education,\" the Presid-ent said.Bhandare, an ex-student of the school, said, \"Some memories I cherish most come from this school as the institute not only focuses on quality education but also on education with values.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12254906", "title": "Kerala temples caste out prejudice", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Kerala temples are chanting a new mantra of inclusiveness, thanks to a silent revolution inside the sanctum sanctorum of hundreds of temples in the state.This move, powerful enough to break the last bastion of casteism, has already ushered in many non-brahmins to preside over pujas and kriyas hitherto handled only by priests who were brahmins by birth.In the last two months, the Travancore Devaswom Board (TDB) filled up 50 out of the 100 posts for pujaris (priests) with non-brahmins, who will soon start performing rituals in shrines assigned to them among the 2,000 temples under TDB.TDB had conducted a recruitment drive six months ago and interviewed hundreds of applicants belonging to all castes and they selected 199 pujaris, out of which 40% were non- brahmins.\"Even our ancient scriptures say a person becomes a brahmin through his deeds and life-style than by birth,'' said additional chief secretary K Jayakumar.Though caste is no bar for becoming a shanti (priest), TDB, in its latest notification has stated that the applicant must have an elementary knowledge of tantra-shastra, Sanskrit and a certificate from a Board-approved tantri (senior priest).\"He also should be a Malayali Hindu who is aware of the braminical tradition.'' said Krishnan Nambudiri, general secretary of Tantra Vidya Peetam, Aluva, a member of the interview board who selected the pujaris.\"Many non-brahmin candidates did equally well in terms of recitation of mantras and knowledge of tantras. They all attached tremendous aspirational value to these posts,'' he said.But some community members are upset at the entry of non-brahmin priests, especially when many poverty stricken brahmin families have no option but to subsist on dakshina. \"For brahmins, this is not just a job. In spite of all odds, the pujaris are still doing it out of sheer faith in God. The wisdom is passed on from father to son in an oral tradition. The belief should be inculcated form the childhood and the sanctity begins from home and family first,'' said Subramanian Potti, officer bearer of Vaidika Samrakshana Samiti.Poet Vishnu Narayanan Namboothiri said it is not varnam (caste) but vasana (inclination) that matters. \"According to vedas any person can conduct a puja, but it is important that he becomes a brahmin first, not just externally but internally. The devasom board should rehabilitate impoverished brahmins by providing them clerical positions before opening up this sector,'' he said.Olappamana Damodaran Namboodripaad, former president of Brahmaswam Madom, said that caste should be no bar for offering puja in the temple. \"But the pujari should realise the immense responsibility that has been entrusted on him and should lead an ascetic life,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "paderu", "code": "12255927", "title": "Hunt on for Maoists in tribal areas", "text": "PADERU: After the recent Maoist violence at Onukudelli in neighbouring Koraput district of Orissa, security forces launched a massive combing operations in search of the rebels by deploying two choppers. The security forces were deployed in large numbers from both the states in Matchkund and Bonda tribal areas on Tuesday.The naxalites torched a BSNL exchange and panel board at the mobile tower at Onukudelli village in the early hours of Sunday. The security forces unearthed a Maoist dump at Mattamput on Matchkund-Lamataput main road on Monday. The dump included 20 kgs of explosives, detonators and gelatine sticks. The two choppers which transported a large number of forces to the forests hovered in the skies in the Paderu area for almost 30 minutes. Top officials of BSF, CRPF and Andhra police conducted aerial survey on the border.Earlier, GK Veedhi police arrested a member of Galikonda area committee Gemmeli Balaraju at G Addaraveedhi on Monday. Balaraju of Boddamanupakalu was involved in the two murder cases of Majji Madhava Rao, a forest ranger, at Lankapakalu and Pangi Das, a police informer, at GK Veedhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12256034", "title": "Commuters 'fry' sans bus shelters", "text": "HYDERABAD: Nearly 80 per cent of the bus stops in the South Zone are bereft of bus shelters. Given the disinterest of the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) towards this part of the city, thousands of commuters here are forced to stand in the scorching heat waiting for buses everyday.According to sources from APSRTC, there are 140 bus stops across the Old City. Of these, just about 55 have shelters. At the rest 85 bus stops, commuters have no choice but to stand on the road. Be it the busy Charminar, Shah Ali Banda or Chandrayangutta bus stops that have a huge boarding and disembarking population or the interior areas of the Old City including Lal Darwaza, Bibi Bazaar, Darulshifa, Bandnaka, Hafizbaba Nagar, Aliabad, Midhani, Bahadurpura, Puranapul, Kala Pather, Zoo Park, Shamsheergunj, Vattepally, Uppuguda, Chatrinaka, Barkas, Rajanna Bowli, Arundhati Colony, DMRL X Road, the list is endless. Even the City College bus stop that has students from the college as well as several pregnant women coming from the nearby Government Maternity Hospital, Petlaburj to board APSRTC buses, have to stand under the hot sun.The problem of buses not stopping at the designated stop leads to more hassles, commuters say. \"The temperatures in the city have been extreme off late and it's only going to get worse in the coming days. People are left clueless where to stand in order to catch a bus as bus shelters are non-existent. During the evening it gets even more complicated,\" says K Murlidhar, a resident of Lal Darwaza and a regular APSRTC commuter.Mohammed Kaleem, a student said, \"I have to wait for bus No 80 that is quite infrequent and is the only one that goes towards Hussaini Alam. My college gets over in the afternoon when the sun is directly overhead. I have to wait for nearly 30 minutes to catch that bus from Charminar.\"Even as the grueling wait for a bus is taking a toll on the commuters, most of the 55 existing bus shelters are in such a bad shape that they are not fit to be used while some are encroached upon by vendors. For instance, the Mirchowk bus stop has been taken over by a juice vendor and also has a chat stall operating from it.Residents suggest that the authorities could have surveyed the area before the onset of summer and taken up construction works on a war footing. \"The older bus stops could have at least been renovated. The civic body makes tall claims but nothing is visible on the ground,\" lamented Mohammed Habeebuddin, a resident of Kala Pather.Both GHMC and APSRTC officials remained unavailable for comment.Strangely enough, several upmarket areas with wide roads in the other parts of the city including Banjara Hills and Jubilee Hills have not just one but several shelters lined up at one stop. While at many of these stops the commuters are not that many, these shelters display advertisements prominently with glow signs, et al, raising doubts about their very purpose.Most of the 55 existing bus shelters are in such a bad shape that they are not fit to be used while some are encroached upon by vendors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "paderu", "code": "12255886", "title": "Naxal warning to IAS officer", "text": "PADERU: Maoists have issued a warning to an IAS officer for discriminating against tribals. Maoist east division secretary Ganesh warned in a news release on Monday that people (read rebels) would teach a lesson to Paderu sub-collector Kartikeya Misra if he did not mend his arrogant ways.\"Being a public servant in a tribal area, he should give utmost respect to the tribals. But he is insulting and hurting the tribals, both mentally and physically,\" the Maoist leader alleged.After having earned this posting, some six months back, the IAS officer has allegedly manhandled two jeep drivers and caused two accidents. Ganesh demanded that government register a case against him under the SC/ST Atrocities Act and prosecute the bureaucrat for his arrogant ways.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12258650", "title": "Apple questioned by FTC over Google Search", "text": "WASHINGTON: The US Federal Trade Commission subpoenaed Apple Inc as part of its antitrust probe of Google Inc, seeking information on how the computer maker incorporates the search engine on the iPhone and iPad, two people familiar with the matter said.The agency's request for documents includes the agreements that made Google the preferred search engine on Apple's mobile devices, said the people, who weren't authorized to speak publicly and declined to be identified. Google rivals such as Microsoft Corp have criticised these agreements as anticompetitive.The subpoena indicates the FTC is intensifying its scrutiny of Google's business practices. Details of the Apple-Google relationship may show whether Google is abusing its dominance of Internet search to boost revenue in the mobile phone advertising market, said Allen Grunes, an antitrust lawyer at Brownstein Hyatt Farber Schreck LLP in Washington.\"As mobile search gets more widespread, the default setting becomes more significant,\" said Grunes, who doesn't represent Google or its rivals.The FTC has sent subpoenas to other handset makers and wireless carriers, said one of the people, who declined to name the companies.Advertising rates In its broader antitrust investigation of Mountain View, California-based Google that began about a year ago, the FTC is examining whether the company unfairly increases advertising rates for competitors and ranks search results to favor its own businesses, such as its social-networking site Google+, two people familiar with the situation said in January.Google has been the default search engine for the iPhone since Apple introduced the device in 2007 and on the iPad since its 2010 debut, as well as for the iPod Touch. Apple also uses Google Maps as a favored service on the iPhone and iPad.The FTC's probe of Google is also looking at whether the company is using its control of the Android mobile operating system to harm competition, two people familiar with the probe said last year. Apple and Google have been vying for leadership in the smartphone market since the first Android-based handset came out in 2008.Mobile versus desktop \"It's very likely in the next few years, we'll see mobile search outstripping desktop search,\" said Ben Schachter, a New York-based analyst with Macquarie Capital who has a buy rating on Google stock. Schachter estimated that by the end of the year 25 per cent to 30 per cent of searches would take place on mobile devices, up from about 15 per cent currently.Schachter said consumers usually leave the default settings on smartphones or other mobile devices.\"Most people don't even know what default search means -- they just know there's a box they can use to look for information,\" Schacter said.Google's Android became the dominant mobile phone operating system last year and led the market with a 50.9 per cent share in the fourth quarter of 2011, compared with the iPhone's iOS mobile operating system's 23.8 per cent share, according to a February report by Gartner Inc, a Stamford, Connecticut researcher.Kristin Huguet, a spokeswoman for Cupertino , California- based Apple, Cecelia Prewett of the FTC, and Adam Kovacevich, a Google spokesman, declined to comment on the subpoenas.Search earnings Google last year earned $1.3 billion in search-related revenue on Apple products, according to a March 8 report from Macquarie Capital. Google paid Apple $1 billion to be the default search engine, keeping only $335 million of the total amount, the report said.In January, eMarketer, a New York-based research firm, estimated Google's share of US mobile-ad revenue was 52 per cent in 2011, driven by searches. Google earns about 95 percent of all US mobile-search ad revenue, the firm said.Google was the leader in US internet search in February with 66.4 per cent of the market, according to ComScore Inc , an internet market research firm based in Reston, Virginia.Microsoft made a failed attempt to wrest away the default search engine position on the iPhone from Google in 2010, according to two people familiar with the matter.Apple sold more than 183 million iPhones and more than 55 million iPads by the end of last year. The products together accounted for more than 70 per cent of the company's sales in the last quarter.Google-Apple connection The FTC's subpoena is the latest twist in the relationship between Google and Apple. The two companies were linked for much of last decade, with Google Inc Chairman Eric Schmidt serving on Apple's board of directors.The dynamic changed when Google announced it would introduce Android to compete against the iPhone.Schmidt left the board in 2009, the same year the FTC said it was examining whether Apple and Google were violating antitrust laws by sharing board members. Schmidt said the FTC probe didn't prompt his decision to step down from Apple's board.Conflict between the two companies intensified as Apple's late co-founder Steve Jobs opened a patent battle against companies whose mobile devices run on Android, including Samsung Electronics Co. and HTC Corp.Joaquin Almunia, the European Commission's antitrust chief, said March 5 that he'll decide next month on the future of the EC's 18-month antitrust probe into Google and notify the company about any concerns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "12256907", "title": "Indo-US war games at its peak", "text": "JAISALMER: The joint exercise of Indian &amp; US troops 'Yudh Abhyas' at Mahajan Field firing range and Bathinda is reaching its peak. The wargames are part of an ongoing series of joint exercises between Indian and United States armies since 2005, agreed upon under the New Framework of India-US Defence Relationship. Commencing at the platoon level, the exercise has graduated to a command post (CPX) and field training exercise (FTX).\"The seventh edition of Yudh Abhyas is currently underway since March 5 in two locations under the South Western Command. The US Army contingent is from the US Army Pacific (USARPAC), a part of its Pacific Command (PACOM).The CPX has an engineer brigade headquarters with its planners from both sides, while the FTX comprises troops of 2nd squadron 14th US Cavalry Regiment from the 25th Infantry Division Hawaii along with a platoon of Strykers, and a similar sized Indian Army contingent of mechanized infantry. The event is all the more interesting as a number of key surveillance, communications and IED detection and neutralization technologies, available with both sides, are being fielded in the exercise,\" defence spokesperson Colonel S D Goswami said.On March 13, the two sides executed a joint cordon and search drill to neutralize suspected insurgents, in a specially constructed training area at the ranges in an abandoned village. The drill, condenamed 'Desert Lark' saw Indian and US troops establish a cordon using their combat vehicles at night and then conduct dismounted searches by day to flush out insurgents as also use the third dimension as part of the ops.Goswami said the CPX (Sarvada Saviours) at Bathinda focused on the challenges faced by sappers in the domain of countering threats of improvised explosive devices (IEDs), infrastructure development in strife-torn regions and inaccessible areas and execution of rescue and relief operations during natural calamities or disasters. The exercise provided an excellent opportunity to both sides to understand functioning of engineer brigades with special emphasis on operations under the United Nations' mandate in troubled areas.\"Desert Lark and Sarvada Saviours were witnessed by an Indian and US Army delegation headed by the GOC-in-C South Western Command and Lt Gen Francis \" Frank \" Wiercinski, commander of the US Army (Pacific), as also the co-chair of the Executive Steering Group (ESG) for Indi-US army training events and exchanges. In addition, a number of senior members of the Indian Army also witnessed the drills and interacted with the troops participating in the exercise, both at Mahajan and Bathinda,\" Goswami added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12255404", "title": "100-km flyover to link Garia and Bongaon?", "text": "KOLKATA: Is Bengal going to get the longest flyover on earth? Yes, if state urban development minister Firhad Hakim has his way.Addressing a Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) event on Tuesday, the minister announced that the Kolkata Metropolitan Development Authority (KMDA) is planning to build a 100-km-long flyover from Garia to Bongaon.Fifty-four-km-long Bang Na Expressway in Thailand is now the longest single flyover in the world.If everything goes according to plan, it should not take more than three years to complete the project, Hakim later told TOI.The minister said a survey is already on to look into the project's viability. \"Once this preliminary survey is done, a detailed project report (DPR) will be prepared,\" he added.\"We have appointed Larsen &amp; Toubro to conduct the survey. In the next three to four months, we will get a clearer picture,\" said the minister.If the project actually materializes, it will significantly reduce traffic snarls along this stretch.In India, it will be comparable only to the ring roads in Delhi which have a combined length of 87 km.A huge number of trucks ply on a daily basis from Bongaon into various parts of Kolkata and the southern fringes. This flyover can put Bengal's infrastructure on the national map alongside Delhi, Bangalore, Mumbai, Surat that have the country's best flyovers.Once the survey findings are out, expressions of interest (EOP) would be invited for the project. \"A DPR will be prepared based on survey results. The project will be based on a toll tax basis and not on public private partnership (PPP) basis,\" Hakim said. Once the project is done, a huge part of the cost could be raised over a period of time through toll tax. However, the details of the funding have not yet been worked out.The KMDA has chalked out plans for several new flyovers and beautification projects. Recently, KMDA vice-chairman and Kolkata mayor Sovan Chatterjee had gone to Delhi to discuss the projects with the Union urban development ministry to get more funds for projects listed under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM).According to Hakim, \"this 100-km flyover project can be a reality in the next three years and can prove to be very important for trade-related movements.\"Hailed as one of the best in India, a 12 km flyover in Hyderabad was built in 2009 over a period of about three years at a cost of Rs 600 crore. It used the latest technology of pre-fabricated segments and overhead grid launcher, causing minimal disruption to the traffic along the route. So one may well imagine the kind of investment a 100-km flyover may require.However, Hakim did not disclose the kind of investment the project would see and emphasized on the fact that a clearer picture would emerge only in the next few months. \"It may cost Rs 1,000 crore or a lakh crore, and we have to figure that out from the survey findings,\" he said.A senior urban development department official said: \"There have been talks for quite some time for a long flyover in that area. However, the details have not yet been worked out.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12255468", "title": "Two arrested for constable murder", "text": "KOLKATA: Police on Tuesday arrested prime accused Abhijit Ghosh and his associate Debu Mukherjee for their alleged involvement in the murder of constable Asim Dam, who was beaten and stabbed to death while protecting his niece from a group of drunk rowdies.A team from Airport police station raided Bisharpara-Kodalia railway station area around 4pm and arrested the duo from a hideout. \"Two of the seven accused have been arrested. According to the complaint lodged by victim's family, Abhijit and Debu were involved in the attack on Dam. A murder case under Section 302 has been started against the all seven accused. Raids are being conducted to nab five others,\" said Tarun Haldar, additional deputy commissioner of police (Airport), Bidhannagar.According to police sources, Abhijit allegedly led the team of assailants. Though police have not confirmed his political identity, a local source said Abhijit was earlier a CPM activist but changed his loyalty after the shift in power in the state.\"The Ghosh brothers used to threaten the locals to seize control over the area and were also involved with several illegal trades during Left Front's tenure. But he recently changed his political colour,\" alleged Kamal Dhar, victim's brother -in-law.It is learnt that Abhijit, a land broker, used to lead a gang at Bisarpara railway station area that was involved in several illegal activities like hooch trade, Satta business and extortion. After a preliminary investigation, police came to know that Sekhar Dam, the victim's youngest brother, was also associated with land business as a broker. After interrogating the accused, police suspect a rivalry between Sekhar and Abhijit following a land dispute led to the March 8 attack.The duo reportedly told police that Sekhar first attacked them and injured one of them critically. Later, Abhijit and his gang returned and attacked Sekhar and other family members, including Asim Dam.Police also suspect that after coming to the Dam's residence second time Abjijit and his aides, all of whom were drunk, teased and tried to molest the Dam's 22-year-old niece which was strongly protested and resisted by her maternal uncle and police constable Asim Dam.Abhijit and Debu will be produced before the Barrackpore court on Wednesday and police will appeal for their police remand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12260496", "title": "Amala Paul makes a rare appearance", "text": "Actress Amala Paul has been rather busy with projects in Kollywood for a while now. But people hanging out at a popular mall in Kochi were in for a special treat when they spotted the actress in their midst.The Kadhalil Sodhapuvadhu Yeppadi girl was seen walking in to catch the latest Malayalam release, with a few of her friends. Dressed casually in a pink top and jeans, which she had teamed with a neat ponytail, it took very little time for a few Kochiites who recognised her to ensure everybody around was aware of her presence.We hear the actress, who had just cleared her semester exams, decided to treat her friends. While she will be seen in Dr Biju's next Malayalam film Aakashathinte Niram the actress is yet to sign a biggie in Tamil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "12255240", "title": "Land-grab charges against suspended MP", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: A day after the suspension of Kangra-Chamba MP Rajan Sushant from Bhartiya Janata Party (BJP), revenue officials have accused him of encroaching on four-kanal government land at Dehri village. The officials demarcated the MP's property on Monday.Rajan Sushant was away to Delhi to attend the parliamentary budget session when the revenue officials carried out demarcation adjacent to the MP's residence. They said this was done after a complaint by Sanjiv Kumar of Golwan village in July 2011.Tehsildar of Nurpur, Kavita Thakur, confirmed the development and said that more than four kanals in Khasra: Numbers 611/1, 612/1 and 613/1 in Kutkana Mohal of Mauza Khehar encroached on government land. She said a file had been prepared under Section 163 of land revenue Act, and the matter would be presented before the revenue court.BJP parliamentary board suspended Sushant for his outburst against the state government from time to time, and a rebel MP had submitted the case to party high command in Delhi with the evidence of corruption against few ministers in the Dhumal government.Sources said Sushant is likely to move the court on the graft issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12258825", "title": "Aamir Khan chooses TV over Talaash", "text": "The release date for Reema Kagti's film starring the actor has been postponed from June to late NovemberThe perfectionist that he is, Aamir Khan has been making no bones about the fact that he wants to concentrate solely and entirely on his debut television show Satyamev Jayate for the coming few months.And now Mirror can tell you that the actor's eagerly awaited psychological thriller Talaash, written and directed by Reema Kagti, will also release six months later than scheduled. Instead of an after-Indian Premiere League June 1 release, the film will now hit theatres end November or first week of December. Reason is once again the actor's preoccupation with his upcoming show.When contacted, co-producer of Talaash, Ritesh Sidhwani of Excel entertainment, confirmed the news and said, \"The film's release has been postponed due to delay in the TV show, which was earlier supposed to go off-air end May but is now going off-air end June. If we had stuck to the original plan, the timings would have seriously clashed. Also, it's Aamir's next big film after 3 Idiots and he needs to be around at every step. Besides, Aamir is very particular about getting time between two projects. Later on, he is committed to Dhoom 3 so the best decision was to release Talaash end November or first week December.\"A source close to Aamir told Mirror, \"With Talaash having become one of the most viewed trailers on the Internet in recent times, it was a tough call for Aamir and those concerned with the film to push it to November. However, Aamir sacrificed the date, which was actually commercially very suitable for the TV show.''According to a source close to the film, \"The fire on the sets of the TV show caused the delay. Aamir is currently completely immersed in his show which will leave him with hardly any time to get involved in matters concerning Talaash. This is the reason why the film's release has been shifted.\" Incidentally, there was a fire on the sets of Satyamev Jayate sometime ago which kind of threw the schedule off track.Fortunately, the decision hasn't resulted in any financial losses as Ritesh confirmed saying, \"No, the shift in date hasn't caused any loss of money and anyway, that is not our concern as it is Aamir and our co-production. We are in fact happy to get more time for our movie.\"Reportedly, Aamir will continue to shoot for his TV show for at least two months following which he would require a gap of around two and a half months before he takes on the film. Ideally, the actor is not in favour of any overlapping of his projects.Meanwhile, post production of Talaash is progressing rapidly with Aamir having dubbed for almost all his parts at the Khar recording studio. And as is common in B-town, one film's delay has been another film's getting pushed ahead. Word is Rowdy Rathore will now release on June 1 instead November 30 as was earlier ordained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12256038", "title": "Nazir Vora's aide held after siezure of firearms", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of crime branch officials arrested Akbar Husain alias Yusuf Machchi, a resident of Juhapura, after finding four firearms and 30 cartridges from his residence in a raid on Tuesday night. Crime branch officials said that they conducted the raid after receiving specific information. Machchi is a close associate of former Latif gang member Nazir Vora.The raid came days after Vora, a resident of Juhapura, filed a complaint with Vejalpur police station that Abdul Wahab, another former Latif gang member, threatened him by firing a round in air near his residence over a land dispute. Police have not been able to find Wahab to record his statement. According to crime branch sources, Machchi's residence near Sonal cinema was raided by two separate teams.\"The teams found four country-made revolvers and pistols and 30 cartridges. While Machchi has been involved in crimes in the past, the teams are questioning him to know from where he procured the weapons and whether they were used recently,\" said an official.Crime branch officials said that more can be known only after questioning Machchi. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12256724", "title": "Rail Budget: Delhi hopes big projects will get push", "text": "NEW DELHI: There are expectations that when the rail budget is presented on Wednesday, it would include big projects for the capital, such as the completion of the second phase of the Anand Vihar terminal and construction of a world-class terminal at Holambi Kalan.But more than that, people are hoping it would include measures to provide better amenities - clean toilets, hygienic food, and better local train facilities. Also on the wishlist are more local trains on Shamli and Palwal routes.The Delhi division of Northern Railway is hoping that railway minister Dinesh Trivedi will address major projects like the mega railway terminals. \"We have upgraded the entries on Ajmeri Gate and Paharganj sides and have completed installing scanners at the New Delhi railway station. We do not want any more longdistance trains as we have already crossed our carrying capacity,'' said a senior officer, who did not wish to be named.\"We want to install more escalators on the platforms. The waiting lounge and the two new platforms at the New Delhi railway station are already operational. However, a lot of work on the new building at the Ajmeri Gate side is yet to be commissioned,\" said a senior official at the Baroda House, headquarters of Northern Railway. \"The Anand Vihar terminal is likely to become busier with introduction of more trains,\" he said.Among the other major projects are the laying of the fifth and sixth line up to New Delhi station. Other projects include the expansion of the Minto Road bridge. \"The expansion plan has now been sanctioned by the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI). Once the budget allocates funds, we hope to complete the work by next year,\" said a senior engineer of Northern Railway.Northern Railway sources said work on new terminals at Holambi Kalan, Bijwasan and Shakurbasti has picked up pace after land on which these terminals would come up was identified. \"Hopefully, the budget will allocate adequate funds so that constructions at these sites could begin in a phased manner,\" said an official. The dedicated eastern freight corridor from Rewari to Dankuni and the survey for new railway lines from Meerut to Panipat and Rewari-Palwal-Khurja may also figure in the minister's speech.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12255503", "title": "States up the ante on CST compensation", "text": "NEW DELHI: State governments are demanding that the Centre compensate them for loss of revenue due to reduction of Central Sales Tax (CST) till the proposed Goods &amp; Services Tax is implemented, a move that is expected to further increase finance minister Pranab Mukherjee's headache.Alternatively, Bihar deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi , who heads the empowered committee of state finance ministers, has suggested that CST-levied on inter-state transactions-be doubled to 4%. \"Due to financial constraints, if the government of India is not in a position to continue to pay CST compensation to the states, then CST rate may kindly be restored to 4% from April 1, 2012,\" Modi said in a letter to Mukherjee. Modi said the Centre should release full CST compensation for the current and previous financial years. Under GST, a uniform taxation system, where credit is given for inter-state trade, is proposed to be put in place.While the states have demanded a compensation of Rs 19,060 crore for 2010-11, Modi said only Rs 6,393 crore has been released and many states such as Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh , Nagaland and Uttar Pradesh have not received funds. The pending claims of CST compensation for the earlier years should also be settled at an early date, he said. \"It would be extremely difficult for states to sustain the losses on account of reduction of CST rate,\" Modi said, adding some states had already made budgetary provisions on this account.The letter assumes significance as the Centre has told states that no more compensation would be provided for phasing out of CST, which is payable on inter-state sales. The Centre is trying to phase out CST and has promised to compensate the states for loss of revenue due to reduction in the CST rate to 2%, from 4% earlier.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12255189", "title": "Hearing of mayoral polls case today", "text": "NASHIK: While the mayoral polls are scheduled for Thursday and all political parties are in poll mode, a petition filed in the Nashik court seeking a stay on the mayoral elections is slated for hearing on Wednesday.Ex-corporator of the Samajwadi Party Mushir Sayyed had filed an application for a stay to be enforced on the mayoral polls. Sayyed's lawyers argues that there existed illegalities in the election procedure.The legal team of Gulzar Kokni (MNS), who had defeated Mushir Sayyed in the recent municipal elections from prabhag no. 39, argued that no evidence had been brought on the record to prove that there existed some illegalities like bogus voting,etc., in the election process. Lawyers of all the parties advanced their arguments on Tuesday and the court has scheduled the hearing of the application on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12254750", "title": "Social worker ends life on Naxal link rap", "text": "NAGPUR: The Wanjaris of the Prem Nagar are yet to come to terms with the grief. On March 3, their youngest son Pankaj (30) was found hanging from the ceiling of a store room. The incident took place within a month of Pankaj's interrogation by Chandrapur police for his alleged Naxalite links.\"It was my simplicity that others took advantage of and so I am...\" were Pankaj's last words scribbled on a paper in Marathi found in the room where the post-graduate in social work ended his life. He was sleeping in the same room as his father Gulabrao, a retired government employee, but left sometime in the night. Surprised to see his son not present, Gulabrao started looking for him and saw Pankaj hanging.Life changed for Wanjari family on February 9 when a team of Chandrapur police picked up Pankaj from their home for questioning. Chandrapur police had been grilling so-called top Naxal cadre Maroti Kurwatkar, secretary of the Chandrapur Area Committee and also deputy commander of Korchi Dalam, who was arrested earlier. Kurwatkar had revealed he used to take shelter at Pankaj's home and also took his help to procure certain electronic parts from Nagpur.Pankaj was interrogated for a few hours and allowed to return home. The cops had also searched his home but found nothing apart from a few books.Pankaj's family said that they knew Kurwatkar by the name 'Shekhar Thakre'. \"We had no idea about his real name. He used to tell us he was a native of a village near Hinganghat but never specified where it was,\" said Gulabrao.Wanjaris said 'Thakre' was introduced to Pankaj by a college friend in 2006 but they did not meet for a long time thereafter. In 2011, they met again. \"He stayed at our home a couple of times. He used to come in the night and leave early morning,\" said the distraught father.According to sources, Pankaj was working with a NGO. Elder brother Rajesh said Pankaj used to work for spreading awareness among the poor about their rights. \"No one's son or brother should be lost due to misunderstanding,\" said Rajesh.\"He was not the weak one and so it is not clear why he ended life,\" he said.Family members clarified that police did not harass or pressure him.Superintendent of police of Chandrapur Suwez Haque said that Pankaj had indeed provided some crucial information.\"Chandrapur police is already in touch with the senior officers of Nagpur police and we are waiting for reports,\" he said. \"We did not arrest him because we were not convinced about his being a Naxal and it was not our intention to label anyone,\" he said.Senior PI Pramod Makkeshwar of Lakadganj police station said that the suicide was being investigated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12254969", "title": "Shortage of coal may lead to power cuts", "text": "MUMBAI: Even before the onset of summer the state's power generating stations are facing the heat of coal shortage and so could be the lakhs of electricity consumers soon if the situation goes beyond control.According to sources with the state's power generation wing --- the Maharashtra Power Generation Company Ltd (MahaGenco) - the state is facing a shortage of coal at four of its thermal power stations at Paras, Parali, Bhusawal and Koradi.\"The coal stock at these four power stations, which generate around 2000 MW put together, can last for the next three to five days only and if the situation fails to improve over the next three days the additional load-shedding will be imminent,\" said a senior power ministry source.The source also said that the power stations at Parali and Paras which generate 1200 MW power have coal supplies which may not last for the next three days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12256321", "title": "20% travel half km to drink water", "text": "NEW DELHI: Drinking water is supposed to be one of India's success stories - the government says it met its Millennium Development Goal on water five years ahead of time, and that its rural drinking water mission has reached every uncovered habitation.Yet Census 2011 data shows that 20% of Indian households have to travel more than half a kilometer for drinking water, and that this figure has actually grown in rural India.Taps (43%) and handpumps (34%) are the two main sources of drinking water, followed by wells and borewells. While taps are the most common source for urban India (71%), handpumps are most common for rural India (44%). In ten years, however , there has not been an increase of even 2 percentage points in the proportion of urban residents with access to a tap. Over 20% of Indians get their water from unsafe sources including untreated sources for tap-users and uncovered wells.In Bihar, less than 5% of households get their drinking water from a tap, while Assam, Jharkhand and Orissa are at around 10%.Sanitation remains what rural development minister Jairam Ramesh recently referred to as 'a disaster'. Close to half of households are forced to defecate in the open. Over three-quarters of households in Jharkhand, Orissa and Chhatisgarh defecate in the open, while even developed states like Tamil Nadu, Andhra, Gujarat and Karnataka have 40-50 % open defecation. Maharashtra appears to be the only state with some limited success at public toilets - 13% of rural Maharashtrians and 21% of urban use public toilets.Half of Indian households do not have drainage connectivity either, and less then 20% have closed drains. Just over 10% of India has a toilet with a flush connected to a piped water system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12254947", "title": "Woman clubs 'rapist' youth to death in Rajsamand district", "text": "JAIPUR: A 23-year-old married woman beat to death a 19-year-old youth who allegedly tried to rape her at a village in Rajsamand district on Monday evening. The woman claimed that the youth, who stays next door, barged into her house when she was alone and started molesting her. In course of the scuffle, the woman picked up an iron rod and hit the youth on his head after which he died.The police have detained the woman and said they were verifying her claims. The deceased's brother had lodged an FIR against the family members of the woman on Tuesday saying that they had invited him to the house and murdered him.The incident took place in Bagdawata village under Bheem police station area. The woman, Kusum Devi, was staying at her parents' house these days. \"She claimed that she was alone when her 19-year-old neighbour, Manbhawan Singh, walked into her house,\" said a police officer.\"We found the boy's body in a pool of blood. I won't comment on what exactly happened as we are yet to verify the woman's claims. However, she has yet not been arrested,\" said Pradeep Mohan Sharma, addl SP, Rajsamand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12256744", "title": "Auto drivers skip fare charts, fleece people", "text": "BANGALORE: The new autorickshaw fares are still not clear to commuters as some drivers haven't picked up the new rate charts from RTO offices. Auto drivers themselves admit to this. Many commuters are paying over and above the new rates, especially in the city interiors and far-flung areas.Adarsha Auto Union president M Manjunath told TOI: ''I have been told that many drivers haven't yet picked up the new rate charts and that is leading to misunderstanding between the drivers and commuters. Passengers feel they are paying more than the amount fixed when they are not shown the sheet. This confusion is because many drivers haven't picked up the new fare cards.''Traffic police personnel told TOI that most drivers in the central business district and mainstream residential areas are carrying new fare cards. ''In the interiors, where checking may not be as strict, some drivers are tempted to make money as long as commuters don't know the exact rates. So you may find drivers not carrying cards. In mainstream areas, drivers want to avoid police checks and scraps with commuters, and don't want to lose business.''Some drivers, says Manjunath, are making money selling the new cards. ''Some have photocopied the cards and are selling them at Rs 5 to other colleagues. This is not right.'' Authorities have given auto drivers three months to recalibrate meters, until which time fare cards will be used.Times ViewThe auto fare revision has proved to be a windfall for unscrupulous drivers who are making a fast buck by demanding illogical amounts from hapless commuters. The transport department must act swiftly to stop passengers from being forced to shell out more than necessary. Auto unions must rein in their members and ensure they charge only as per the conversion chart. It'll be great if the department posted this chart on the internet for people to download and refer to while making the payment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12256139", "title": "Osmania University students want beef in hostel mess", "text": "HYDERABAD: The politics of food is now breaking out on the 'T' struck Osmania University campus. Asserting their food culture, a large bunch of Dalit students have asked the administration to serve beef in their hostel mess. In a petition submitted to university's vice chancellor, S Satyanarayana, the students have stated that their food habits were ridiculed and insulted on the campus as members of Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) disrupted an attempt to cook beef in New Research Scholars' Hostel on March 11.Challenging the 'casteist food culture', the students will also hold a beef festival in front of Osmania University (OU) Arts College in April. During the festival, cooked beef will be served and is being conducted as part of the birth anniversary celebrations of national leaders like B R Ambedakar (April 14), Jyotiba Phule (April 11) and Babu Jagjivan Ram (April 5), who were anti-caste ideologues. The university administration, though aware of the petition has not given permission to conduct such a festival.The Dalit students form the second largest caste group with 2,000 members on OU campus. The campus which has a total student strength of 8,000 has about 4,000 OBC and 1,000 tribal students. \"We decided to conduct such a public meeting as there have been several instances in the past where we were humiliated because of our food habits. Dalit PG students were rebuked and even roughed up by others when they cooked any non-vegetarian food in hostels during certain festival days,\" said Sudarshan, a research scholar enrolled in Arts College. Observers said that this is the second time that the Dalit students of OU have come together to assert their identity. In 2011, students had organised a unique Dasara celebration on campus, where Ravana, the mythical character symbolising Dalit identity, was glorified.When asked whether the OU administration will give permission for beef festival, OU vice chancellor said that the matter is sensitive and hence a decision cannot be taken in haste. \"We have asked some faculty members to talk to the students. We are trying to get things under control,\" said S Satyanarayana, vice chancellor, OU. He said that the issue came to his notice when some sections of the student community on campus complained about the same. \"On March 11, I requested some senior teachers to get in touch with them and asked them to stop the exercise as this would create tension on campus,\" said Satyanarayana. Experts said the beef festival will face serious opposition on campus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12256672", "title": "Desperate BSY turning to Ananth?", "text": "BANGALORE: Is BS Yeddyurappa so desperate to get back the CM's gaddi that he is ready to sup with a sworn enemy? Whispers suggest that a most unlikely combination, one unimaginable even a couple of months ago, is in the works. That Yeddyurappa is willing to bury the hatchet with his bete noire BJP general secretary and Bangalore South MP HN Ananth Kumar, in an effort to cosy up to BJP supremo LK Advani.Thus far, every effort by Yeddyurappa to wrest power back, has been stalled by the BJP high command mainly because Advani has been vehemently opposing reinstatement of the Lingayat supremo. Ananth Kumar, as is well known, is very close to Advani. After defying Advani initially, Yeddyurappa seems to have figured that the only way back is by getting close to the former and is keen on using Ananth Kumar's good offices towards that end.The first sign of Yeddyurappa opening a channel with Kumar was when he tapped rural development and panchayat raj minister Jagadish Shettar, who is close to the Bangalore South MP.Then came the Hubli public event on Sunday at which Kumar's followers were given prominent seats on the dais. Along with Jayanagar MLA B N Vijaykumar, a right hand man of Ananth Kumar, supporters of Kumar occupied seats next to Yeddyurappa. So much so that the former CM even asked his loyalist ministers to sit behind to accommodate Kumar's followers in the front. Strangely at the same event, Yeddyurappa kept referring to people who speak in 'Hindi and English' in Delhi who are inimical towards him which was largely seen as being targeted at Ananth Kumar. Perhaps, he meant somebody else.While Yeddyurappa's motives for supping with Ananth Kumar are obvious, one isn't so sure why Kumar would go along with it or what benefit he would gain from ceding the gaddi which he also covets. In fact, it's fairly well known in Karnataka's political circles that most of the internal dissidence in BJP had a touch of Kumar to it. It could be that Kumar has finally figured that despite his proximity to BJP high command, it will be well nigh impossible for it to parachute him into the chief minister's chair given the local dynamics.The fact that Kumar's good friend, Rajya Sabha MP Rajeev Chandrasekhar, is up for re-election and will need the support of BJP MLAs has perhaps got something to do with it. Chandrasekhar was spotted at Yeddyurapapa's house last week.This apart, home and transport minister R Ashoka, who is also known to be close to Kumar, appears to have decided to cast his lot with Yeddyurappa. Recently, Ashoka was seen leading his flock of Bangalore city MLAs to Yeddyurappa's residence during the latest bout of dissidence. The city MLAs, seen as Ashoka's mouthpieces, are voluble these days about the difficulty of winning next elections without Yeddyurappa's rehabilitation.Speculation is that Ashoka has been assured of deputy chief minister's post by Yeddyurappa if returned to power. For Shettar, joining hands with Yeddyurappa may result in him being positioned as the next Lingayat supremo.It may be recalled that mere months ago all three - Kumar, Shettar and Ashoka - had teamed up to fight against Yeddyurappa's hand- picked candidate D V Sadananada Gowda during the election to choose BJP legislature party leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12257222", "title": "4-year-old boy killed in accident", "text": "PUNE: A motorcycle being driven by a youth crashed into a stationary truck and a four-year-old boy sitting in front of the youth on the bike fell and died on the spot in Kelgaon village in Khed taluka at Alandi-Chakan road on Monday.The police have identified the deceased as Omkar Prakash Londhe of Sant Tukaramnagar, Pimpri. The motorcycle rider, Raju Tujare, sustained minor injuries in the accident and is undergoing treatment at the Yashwantrao Chavan memorial hospital in Pimpri.The police said the incident took place around 7.30 pm on Monday. Omkar had gone to Kelgaon with his parents to attend a 'puja' at his uncle's house. Tujare, who is a neighbour of Omkar's uncle, took the boy for a joyride on his motorcycle.The Khed police said when the motorcycle came on the Alandi-Chakan road, Tujare did not notice the stationary truck and crashed into it. Omkar, who was sitting in the front, was flung into the air and fell with impact, dying on the spot. The police have registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12257224", "title": "Widows, divorcees break taboo in Tamil Nadu", "text": "CHENNAI: A quiet revolution is sweeping across socially conservative Tamil Nadu. The state is witnessing an increase in remarriages of widowed and divorced women. Society also appears to have become more tolerant of what was once considered taboo.People in the matrimonial industry said urbanization, financial independence of women and changing cultural values have been the primary drivers of the change. The trend started around 10 years ago and has been growing over the past decade, people said.Murugavel Janakiraman, founder and CEO of Consim Info, the company behind bharatmatrimony, said there has been a change in the mindset of parents of widows and family members. \"Parents themselves are hunting for suitable bridegrooms for daughters who have been widowed early in marriage,\" he said.Remarriage of widows has been promoted in Tamil Nadu for a long time, with the state government extending financial assistance of Rs 20,000 through the Dr Dharmambal Ammaiyar Ninaivu Widow Remarriage Assistance Scheme. The scheme was launched in 1975 to rehabilitate widows and encourage them to remarry. But most remarried women do not apply for assistance under the scheme, social welfare department officials point out. \"Only 167 women received assistance from the government under the scheme in 2008-2009 and 181 women in 2009-2010,\" a senior official said.Young widows have welcomed the development. \"My first husband died in an accident when I was 27 years old. After a couple of years I agreed to remarry. Life is good now. I married a man who was happy to accept me with my five-yearold daughter. We are leading a meaningful family life now. I hope this change is here to stay,\" said K Rohini, corporate company employee.Janakiraman said the number of profiles registered on bharatmatrimony's site for remarriage launched three years ago has been increasing by 20 per cent to 30 per cent annually. \"Many of the women who have registered on the site are divorcees but there are also around 10,000 widows,\" he said. \"Chennai has the third highest number of remarriages after Mumbai and Bangalore, and Coimbatore is also among the top 10.\" The average age of those who marry again is 36 for men and 32 for women.S Priya, who operates a matrimonial centre especially for remarriage, said only few hundred women registered when she started the centre. \"Now we have more than 1 lakh profiles,\" she said.B Radha, gender and media researcher and professor at Tirunelveli-based Manonmaniam Sundaranar University, pointed out that rural Tamil Nadu has not changed much.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12258914", "title": "On the road with Amitabh", "text": "That Big B has excelled in his role as Brand Ambassador for Gujarat to such an extent that the state is now at a loss how to accommodate the ever-swelling flood of tourists, has been reported.Digging deeper, Mirror can now reveal that director Shoojit Sircar, who made the unreleased Johnny Mastana with Big B, is now set to release a documentary on the mega star that will reveal him in moods never seen before. The film is based on the extensive tours of Gujarat the director undertook along with Big B when shooting 14-odd films promoting tourism in the state.Sircar and Sr Bachchan travelled together to nearly 25 towns, cities and villages of Gujarat. \"I realised I was in the company of the coolest fellow traveller in the world. Mr Bachchan's energy levels, his poise in front of 50 to 60,000 fans and most importantly, his inner tranquility in those rare moments when he is alone, simply blew me away,\" said Sircar.Interestingly, Sircar shot ample footage of Big B in his most candid moments, which he will now put together in what promises to be a rare insight into the heart , mind and soul of India's greatest actor. No mean feat indeed... What's more, the footage will be accompanied by reflections from Big B's personal diary making for greater exclusivity.Sircar likes to think the footage is rare and said, \"When we shot the kite-flying ceremony in Ahmedabad, Big B was surrounded by 50,000 people and still jumped right into the milling crowd without fear. In a remote part of the state, he drove a phat-phatiya (three-wheeler) with a bunch of villagers. He hopped onto a bike and drove down the highway. It was an absolutely amazing experience!\"There was one particularly heart-in-the-mouth moment, which is captured in the documentary, when Mr Bachchan insisted on getting into a 300-feet deep well. Elaborated Sircar, \"Mr Bachchan suggested climbing down to show just how deep the well was. Initially, we thought he was joking but lo behold... he actually went right down the iron steps and could not even be seen by the camera.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12255733", "title": "Experts mull ways to improve higher education", "text": "VARANASI: The second day of the workshop on 'quality improvement and assessment programme in higher education in India' by Internal Quality Accreditation Cell (IQAC), Mahatma Gandhi Kashi Vidyapeeth (MGKV) started with technical sessions on Tuesday.The focus of this session was on quality enhancement in teachers' education. Ashok Shukla from Awadh University, Faizabad, emphasised on the role of a teacher in the life of a student. M D P Rao, a senior member with NAAC, highlighted the purpose and importance of internalisation of quality culture. tnnand suggested that institutes should try to focus on their strength and weaknesses both.Professor D Prabhakar Rao emphasized the importance of record maintenance in the universities which is helpful in inter-intra comparisons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12256721", "title": "Chief Justice: Give up burial, go for cremation", "text": "BANGALORE: The practice of burying of dead bodies should be changed to cremation in consonance with the changing times, high court chief justice Vikramajit Sen has observed.\" I feel it (burial) should become a thing of the past. The religion (Christianity) to which I belong has of late turned to cremating bodies instead of burying them. Majority of communities in India have started adopting this (cremation). Maybe when burying was first practised, there was no electricity. In cities there is no space available. We may have to go toforests to bury the bodies,'' the Chief Justice remarked on Tuesday while hearing a PIL alleging illegal construction of shops by encroaching upon a burial ground off Tannery Road.Looking at the photographs attached to the PIL wherein defiling of dead bodies was being done to accommodate new ones, the chief justice said such a practice (exhuming of bodies) is not permitted in any faith.UPA Lokayukta Case Hearing AdjournedA division bench headed by Justice N Kumar has adjourned to March 27 the hearing on two PILs challenging the appointment of Justice Chandrashekaraiah as the Upa Lokayuykta. The petitioners have claimed that the appointment of Justice Chandrashekaraiah was made without consulting the Chief Justice of Karnataka high court and it is bad in law in terms of the Karnataka Lokayukta Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12256680", "title": "Baby saga: Teen charged, sent to remand home", "text": "NEW DELHI: A month after the AIIMS battered baby case made headlines and led to several arrests, Delhi Police has finally taken into remand the 14-year-old girl who allegedly attacked the child. The teenager was produced before the Juvenile Justice Board on Tuesday and sent in remand. This marks a shift from the initial position in the case when the teenager was seen as a victim rather than the perpetrator.The previous FIR had named the teenager under IPC sections 324 (voluntarily causing hurt) and 325 (voluntarily causing grievous injury), said Chhaya Sharma, DCP (south). \"However, both these sections attract sentences under seven years and a minor cannot be apprehended under such charges. We have now received another detailed medical report of the little girl that explains in depth that her injuries were grievous. We added another IPC section, 308 (attempt to commit culpable homicide ), for which the juvenile can be apprehended, and completed the formalities,'' Sharma said.The teen was detained after receiving approval from the Child Welfare Committee on Monday. Sources in the CWC confirmed the news. \"We saw the medical report and were convinced about the police action. Hence, we gave our consent,'' said a source. Police have denied media reports that the detained teen was pregnant.The CWC order also pulled up the investigating officer for not arresting anyone despite the teen naming a few guesthouses in NCR where prostitution rackets are reportedly running. Earlier, police had stated the teenager was sent on weekly contracts to different places to \"entertain\" customers. The teenager's father was sentenced to eight years in jail for murdering her aunt's son.The teenager was reportedly pushed into flesh trade and exploitation by three people identified as Pooja, Arti and Sandeep, all of whom have been arrested. Pooja's husband Sandeep allegedly raped the teen repeatedly in Etah for three days. Other male visitors to Pooja's house also sexually abuse the girl.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "12256772", "title": "Meerut woman gang-raped in Ghaziabad", "text": "GHAZIABAD: A woman in her early twenties was gangraped in Ghaziabad when she was going to Gurgaon to join a new job. Ghaziabad SSP Raghubir Lal said that following the victim's complaint, a case under sections 364 and 376 of IPC has been registered with Vijay Nagar police station. The key accused was absconding till late Tuesday night, but police managed to arrest two of his accomplices.Sources said the victim is a native of Meerut and had been living with her uncle in the Vijay Nagar area. The incident took place when the woman was going to Gurgaon and met a neighbour who offered to drop her off in his car. Later, he askedher to board a Tata Safari in which his friends were travelling. \"When the victim sat in the car, they gave her a drink. They reported- ly raped her and dumped her in sector 51 Noida,\" Raghubir Lal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12256976", "title": "Phone may help cops nab suspect", "text": "MUMBAI: The mobile phone robbed from a teenager while traveling by a local train at Bhayander on Saturday night may be the key to nab the culprit. The description of the accused, who threatened 16-year-old Shweta Jadhwani and robbed her cell phone and cash at around 8.30 pm, does not match with the list of habitual offenders available with the Vasai government railway police. The accused, in his 20s, boarded and alighted while the train was in motion at Bhayander, and did not have any weapon, the police said, and added that he may have struck as there were few people in the compartment.The police are monitoring the phone to track the robber and a sketch is being prepared based on Shweta's description.The robber had fled towards Bhayander (E), the police said, and added that they were ascertaining if similar cases have been reported earlier. A police officer said, \"Cases of mobile and handbag snatching inside local trains are often not reported by the victim. This gives the thieves a boost.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12244849", "title": "Cabbie cheats Anurag Kashyap", "text": "When Anurag Kashyap hired a cab from the Delhi airport to get to the Taj Mahal Hotel on Man Singh Road, little did he reckon that the taxi driver would mistake him for a tourist and attempt to cheat him.But that's exactly what happened to the director, when he hired a Megacab. \"Took a Megacab from the airport to Taj Man Singh, did not know Jantar Mantar and CP falls on the way... and meter reads 480. He thinks I am a tourist and is happily taking me around the city. I am quietly seeing what an actual tourist goes through with these cab services.Now via Pragati Maidan we are back at India gate,\" Anurag tweeted during his cab ride. Sometime later, the director followed that up with, \"So finally here, finally paid 600... actually should have been 250. I just wonder why a company cab driver would do that until and unless it's a scam within... The driver was so upset that I asked for a bill.\"Later in the day, Anurag took to his micro-blogging page again to say that he intended to file a complaint against the cab service. \"Now that I have the bill, I will complain. I told them at the airport where I was going,\" he wrote.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12255031", "title": "Cemetery attack: Libya apologizes for damage", "text": "Sunday Times had on March 11 reported that as militiamen in Libya recently went about destroying the Benghazi War Cemetery that has the graves of 40 Indian soldiers killed during WW II, New Delhi had remained unconcerned about the incident that drew howls of protest from the UK, Australia, New Zealand and Canada.On Tuesday, the ministry of external affairs confirmed in an email communication with TOI that the graves of nine Indian soldiers killed in Libya during World War II were among the 238 destroyed by militiamen at the Benghazi War Cemetery recently. The MEA letter added that the National Transitional Council (NTC) government of Libya and the Benghazi Council have condemned the incident and publicly apologized.Videos of the attack on what many called were dead and buried soldiers had gone viral last week, leading to angry exchange of words between UK, Australia, New Zealand and Canada - countries that lost soldiers during the epic war - on one side and Libya on the other. India, of course, had been silent.\"Our embassy in Tripoli had sent an official to Benghazi to ascertain the position and assess the damage to the graves of Indian soldiers. Headstones of nine graves of Indian soldiers have been damaged,\" said Rajeev Shahare, joint secretary, West Asia and North Africa division, MEA.He added, \"We have taken up the issue with the NTC government of Libya and requested for their immediate intervention in the matter for repair and restoration of the graves of Indian soldiers, and to take measures to prevent such incidents in future. They have assured that the graves and the cemetery will be restored, action will be taken against the attackers in accordance with Libyan law and regular patrolling at cemeteries will be undertaken to prevent further attacks.\"When this paper had contacted the MEA as well as the Indian embassy in Tripoli on March 9, they had expressed ignorance about the attack, but had assured they would ascertain facts first. Teams from Britain, Australia, Canada and New Zealand had by March 4 already visited the cemetery to assess the nature and extent of the damage.Meanwhile, news of the Libyan apology has brought cheer to Indian WWII veterans. Lt-Gen (retd) J F R Jacob, who had served in North Africa, said the attack on the cemetery was another battle scar that he and his comrades would wear for the rest of their lives. \"Boys of my unit, the Royal Indian Artillery, which was part of the 3rd Indian Motor Brigade, had fallen in Bir Hacheim, Tobruk and Benghazi. We had taken on the might of Rommel's Afrika Korps alone: a fact that even Winston Churchill had acknowledged in his June 2, 1942 address to the House of Commons . The attack on the cemetery was an attack on the glory of the Indian Army. The government should do something to restore the destroyed Indian graves and ensure that their memories are kept alive,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12257220", "title": "Construction a big threat to ancient bund in Bhojpur", "text": "BHOPAL: Here's the catch! The state may have mooted to rename Bhopal to Bhojpal or mark the millennium celebrations of the legendry Parmar dynasty king Raja Bhoj's coronation, as it did last year, but it certainly is ignoring an ancient structure made by him.Not less than one and a half kilometer from the famous Bhojpur temple is a bund constructed by Raja Bhoj which faces threat due to the proposed construction activities. Much to the ignorance of the state government, the bund, which holds high archeological value, is fast losing its beauty thanks to the digging, leveling and the construction works around it.The bund, though not an ASI protected site, is a scintillating example of the history of Madhya Pradesh. About half a kilometer from Maduya village near Bhojpur, it was constructed to complete the huge catchment area of Bhopal taal (lake) made by Raja Bhoj. The bund is also an evidence of technical expertise of the people. It too is indicative of the welfare work done by the Raja during that time. Interestingly, according to an ASI official, there are no other evidences of this kind of work.The Archaeological Survey of India (ASI), Bhopal circle, in an effort to curb the construction activities, had written in detail to the Raisen district administration and the state government. The same was forwarded to all concerned, including top officials, but in vain.Construction activities by a builder had begun in the north eastern side of the bund. Digging and leveling activities of the other proposed constructions have also marred the authenticity and ambience of the structure, ASI officials said. Though the construction activities have temporarily been halted after the ASI request, archaeology officials feel that there are chances that the work might resume. The Raisen district collector, Mohanalal Meena, confirmed that no official action has been taken yet.\"Since the bund is not an ASI protected site, the body has approached the state government, environment ministry and the revenue authorities concerned. It has informed them about the historical importance of the bund and the natural landscape around it with the request to look into the matter and to initiate steps to protect and preserve our heritage,\" ASI deputy superintending archaeologist Vasant Swarnkar told TOI.Swarnakar said the provisions should be made on the lines of the Ancient Monument and Archeological Sites and Remains Act ( AMASR), 1958 and its amendment in 2010, to protect such heritage. There should be prohibition and regulation of construction and mining activities around the Centrally-protected monuments. This kind of guidelines can also be formulated by the authorities to stop unauthorized construction and mining activities in the vicinity of heritage sites and monuments, he added.Interestingly, state department of culture ignored the bund despite ASI request even when culture minister Laxmi Kant Sharma emphasized on preserving heritage yet unknown and spread across villages in the state. He said the ministry will get nearly 200 crore from the 13th finance commission to boost heritage-related activities. He was speaking at an international seminar on 'Art and Archeology of Madhya Pradesh and Adjoining Regions' in Bhopal on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "12254731", "title": "Gramsevaks demand action in colleague's murder probe", "text": "YAVATMAL: Members of the district unit of the Maharashtra Gramsevak Sanghatana staged a one-day dharna in front of the Babhulgaon Panchayat Samiti office on Monday to press their demand for taking action against all the accused in the murder of gram sevak Ashish Patil.Babhulgaon police have registered an offence against six accused and arrested four of them. One of the accused is the sarpanch of the gram panchayat and she is still absconding.According to police, Ashish Patil was the gram sevak of Watkhed (Budruk) village under Babhulgaon police station jurisdiction. Indira Jadhav is the sarpanch of the village, her son Chandu, deputy sarpanch Kishor Shirbhate, gram panchayat members Subhash Chaudhari and Madhukar Kinnake and contractor Syed Mehboob tried to bring pressure on Patil to pass bogus bills presented by them. When he refused, the group hatched a plan and eliminated him. tnnPatil had also informed the block development officer about the illegal activities of the sarpanch and her associates but to no avail. On March 1, Patil was found missing. His engagement was due on March 4 but he did not turn up. Finally, his mother Kamla Patil has lodged a missing complaint in the Babhulgaon police station.On March 5, residents of Talegaon village of Amravati district found a body floating in a farm well. Cops fished out the body and Patil's mother Kamla was summoned to indentify it. She later lodged a complaint with Talegaon police station alleging that her son was murdered by the sarpanch and her associates.Talegaon police then handed over the investigation to Babhulgaon police station. They registered offence against six accused and arrested four of them, Chandu Jadhav, Kishor Shirbhate, Subhash Chaudhari and Syed Mehboob.The Gram Sevak Sanghatana president RP Ingole demanded the immediate arrest of the absconding duo.Meanwhile, the Babhulgaon taluka unit of Sarpanch and Upa Sarpanch Sanghatana on Monday, in a representation to the BDO of Babhulgaon Panchayat Samiti, demanded withdrawal of criminal cases against the Gram Panchayat office bearers as they are not involved in the crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "barewal road", "code": "12256892", "title": "3 generations and numerous tales of bravery", "text": "BAREWAL ROAD: The residence of Amarjeet Singh Baath a retired Major is a testament to the familys tradition of serving in the Indian Army. A Vir Chakra proudly displayed on a wall shows how the three generations of this family are woven together with the thread of bravery, courage and service to the nation.Tuesday was the death anniversary of Amarjeets father Major (retd) Jagir Singh Kokri, and 43-year-old walked down the memory lane, talking with his pride about his forefathers.My grandfather Mangal Singh and father Major (retd) Jagir Singh Kokri served in the Army. My uncle Balwant Singh also served in the Signal Corps. Now, my niece Flight Lieutenant Ravina Sandhu is serving the Indian Air Force, Amarjeet smiles.Amarjeets father joined the British Army in 1935 as a soldier in the Sikh Regiment and served in the North West Frontier Province near Khyber Pass. He was awarded the Vir Chakra in 1948.Owner of the house, Amarjeet Singh Baath, said his father was selected as a commissioned officer in 1942 and he fought the Japanese Army in 1945 during World War II.Amarjeet said during Partition, his fathers unit was moved to Bannu (NWFP), where he, along with his battalion, was tasked with evacuation of refugees. From NWFP, when Major (retd) Kokri returned to India, he was posted in the 7th Sikh Battalion of Sikh Regiment. He said his father fought bravely in the Indian Armys operation in Jammu and Kashmir in 1948 against Pakistani troops and tribals and was conferred upon the Vir Chakra. He said he also fought the war against China in 1962 and Pakistan in 1965 before retiring in 1971. He passed away in 2004.A road leading to Barewal village has been dedicated to Major (retd) Jagir Singh Kokri. Amarjeet said his grandfather Mangal Singh was in the British Army and was conferred the Kaiser-e-Hind. He credits him for sowing the seeds of patriotism in the family. Whenever Amarjeet reads the citation of his fathers Vir Chakra, his heart gets heavy and eyes moist. He said his niece Ravina is serving in IAF and is posted in the East. Her husband is also serving the IAF.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12255982", "title": "IMFL worth Rs 1.19 cr seized from Nadiad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Ahmedabad range rapid response cell and Nadiad police's local crime branch (LCB) seized Indian-made foreign liquor (IMFL) worth Rs 1.19 crore from near Piplag village in Kheda district on Monday. Police have started search for the two absconders in the case.According to police, a team led by sub-inspector B J Zala got a tip-off that Jashbhai Mahida, a notorious bootlegger and resident of Eden Garden in Nadiad, had stocked his goods at a chemical factory. The team approached Nadiad local crime branch (LCB) and conducted a joint operation near Piplag chokdi late on Monday evening.\"Krishna Chemical Factory on Gutal highway was used as the storehouse. Meanwhile, we got to know that Mahida is using a mini truck and he was to pass from the same road. We kept a watch and followed the truck from near Piplag chokdi to the chemical unit. Once Mahida and his truck driver realized that a police vehicle was behind them, they abandoned the truck near the factory and made a dash in nearby farms,\" said Zala.He added that two separate teams followed the duo in the farms but they managed to hoodwink the teams of more than 20 policemen. The teams then returned to the factory where they found the truck laden with crates of IMFL.According to investigators, they found 3,101 crates containing 85,037 bottles of various high-value brands of IMFL worth Rs 1.19 crore. \"It is one of the biggest seizures in recent times where we have managed to find the location and got the stock. We suspect that Mahida has an arrangement with dealers in Rajasthan who used to supply him the stock that he carried in tankers and loading vehicles and then store it in the factory considered to be a safe house. He then used various four-wheelers for delivery. Search for Mahida is on,\" said an Ahmedabad rural police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12256702", "title": "Government staff can look forward to better salary", "text": "BANGALORE: State government employees will get a quantum jump in their salaries, with a revision expected in their salaries soon.The five-member Official Pay Committee, headed by development commissioner and additional chief secretary Subir Hari Singh, submitted its report to chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda on Monday. The report will soon be placed before the state cabinet for approval.The CM is also expected to make an announcement in his budget speech on March 21. The government had last revised salaries in 2006.Officials said the committee recommended a quantum jump in pay of around 11 lakh employees, but not as much as their counterparts working for central government institutions.The committee was set up by former CM BS Yeddyurappa nine months ago following a demand by the state government employees' association for a revision. This in the wake of the Centre revising salaries of its staff by implementing Sixth Pay Commission recommendations.Singh, however, refused to reveal the committee suggestion, stating that the government has to take a decision. \"We have done our duty. It is for the government to take a call,\" he told reporters. The committee had time till March 15 to submit its report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12254890", "title": "Court grounds IA pilots\u2019 training plan", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay High Court on Tuesday restrained Air India from sending pilots of the erstwhile Indian Airlines (IA) for training on the Boeing 787 Dreamliner, pending the government's decision on integration of cadre of pilots.A division bench of Justice D K Deshmukh and Justice A V Potdar was hearing a petition by the Indian Pilot Guild (representing AI pilots) challenging the management's decision to draw equal number of pilots from both companies for training.Counsel D B Shroff and advocate Rohan Cama argued that after the 2006 merger everything was done \"as if IA and AI are two distinct airlines\".They said even after the first batch of 43 Airbus aircraft was delivered only IA pilots were sent for training. \"At the time of merger, they should have trained both sets of pilots,\" said Shroff. The judges concurred saying AI has to disclose why it did not adopt a policy when the first batch of Airbus aircraft were delivered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12255958", "title": "Bangalore student held for theft on trains", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Railway police arrested a 14-year-old student from Bangalore for committing a series of thefts on trains.Government Railway Police (GRP) superintendent of police (SP) M Kanta Rao said the juvenile offender was nabbed by the Khammam railway police while he was trying to commit thefts in a passenger train.\"The boy is a student of KVP School in Bangalore. He left home a few months ago and started committing thefts on trains. We have alerted his family. He will be produced before the juvenile board,\" the SP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12256696", "title": "Choose your gram panchayats presidents directly soon", "text": "BANGALORE: Karnataka will soon adopt the 'presidential-type system' to elect heads of gram panchayats (GPs). \"We are planning to introduce a system where GP presidents are elected directly by the people for five years,\" rural development and panchayat raj minister Jagadish Shettar said on Tuesday.To begin with, the government has asked Dharwad-based Centre for Multi-Disciplinary Research (CMDR) to submit its report within a month after studying pros and cons of the proposed changes.The GP president at present is elected for 30 months, and mostly the tenure is mutually shared by two or three members. Direct elections will put an end to such 'match-fixings' at panchayat levels and give way to governance, Shettar maintained.The minister said the proposal for holding direct elections to elect GP presidents has been long pending and it has become necessary to implement this in the best interests of local bodies and rural development. States like Gujarat, Tamil Nadu , Rajasthan, Haryana and Andhra Pradesh have already implemented the system of electing GP presidents through direct elections, Shettar pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12257032", "title": "MBA aspirants rely on earnings as grants dry up", "text": "An engineering degree coupled with an MBA once held the promise of a high seat in the corporate world. But around the world, engineers have been pipped to the post by undergraduate business students wanting to pursue a higher management degree. What has come packaged in the irony of tough economic times is the fact that grants, fellowships and scholarships have declined, forcing students to pay the full price for courses.This year, more than 2.1 lakh business students from around the world will be applying for an MBA as compared to 1.06 lakh engineers. But in India, little has changed as engineers continue to be the largest cohort of applicants for the MBA programme, distantly followed by those who studied commerce and business.The typical Indian MBA aspirant is a male in his mid or late 20s whose preferred destination is the US; what has changed is that fewer Indians, like most others, are depending on their personal savings for funding their MBA.The annual cruel college fee hikes usually come with the sweetened promise of an increase in grants and fellowships. Admission brochures, too, boast of the means-blind cachet. But students around the world have increasingly had to dig into their own resources to pay tuition, noted the 2012 Prospective Students Survey put together by the Graduate Management Admission Council that conducts the GMAT.Falling government funds, shrinking endowments and the dry patch in corporate research projects that are outsourced to campuses have forced several universities to turn down or waitlist students who are unable to pay the full fees, said experts. \"Grants, fellowships, scholarships and loans have declined globally, and these sources are now expected to make up less of the prospective student's total financial package,\" the survey said.For instance, the percentage of prospective students who will rely on grants, fellowships, and scholarships fell from 64% in 2007 to 49% in 2011. \"The most common reservation to pursuing a graduate business degree has consistently been the belief that it requires more money than prospects have available,\" the survey said. In fact, several students, after their undergraduate degree, worked for close to five years to raise resources to fund their MBA.Closer home, fewer Indians are depending on fellowships and scholarships. Between 2009 and 2011, these numbers fell from close to 30% to 20%. In 2011, one out of every 11 Indian students said they would seek loans to fund their masters education. Also, 37.6% of students would pay tuition out of their own savings, parental support, personal savings or spouse's earnings; in 2009, 30% of students paid for tuitions out of their personal savings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12255518", "title": "Notice served on bandh-day absentees", "text": "KOLKATA: The Mamata Banerjee government on Tuesday issued show-cause notices to all employees who remained absent on February 28, the day the Left unions had called a nation-wide strike.The finance department last week had issued an official order saying all the absentee employees would first be showcaused. Based on the five clauses specified in the order, an absentee employee can cite reasons for his absence on that day. He must, however, provide documentary support. In case an employee is not able to give justifiable reason, the absence would mean he will not be paid any salary for that day.Also, in case an employee does not respond to the show-cause notice within the deadline of March 21 along with documentary proof, disciplinary action will be taken against him.At Writers' Buildings, 1,295 employees, which is 16% of the total strength, were absent on the bandh dayof Writers' Buildings. Altogether, about 6,000 employees, including the teachers of state schools, were reported to be absent on February 28.According to Ananta Bandyopadhyay of the Left backed employees' association, state co-ordination committee, \"All circulars on the bandh issue - from the chief secretary's circular asking employees to come to work and not allowing leave, to all show-cause notices - are illegal.\"\"It would be the first such government that will be taking action against employees going against its own rule,\" added Bandyopadhyay.He said that the right to strike was still in vogue. \"Many employees are replying to the show-cause notice issued by the government, saying they had not reported to work as there was a strike,\" Bandyopadhyay said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12255466", "title": "Maya\u2019s Delhi bungalow valued at Rs 54.80 crore", "text": "LUCKNOW: Bahujan Samaj Party president Mayawati in her nomination papers for the Rajya Sabha elections has shown two residential buildings, one each in Delhi and Lucknow. The market value of the two assets is Rs 77.54 crore. While the commercial buildings were purchased in 2004 and 2005, the residential accommodation in upscale SP Marg, New Delhi, was bought in 2009 for Rs 54.80 crore.In fact, two residential plots have been clubbed together to form a single asset in which she has invested Rs 7.78 crore on development and construction. The residential property in Lucknow's Mall Avenue is a new addition bought in November 2010 at Rs 15.68 crore. Mayawati filed an income tax return of Rs 6.51 crore in 2010-11 financial year.In 2007, soon after becoming CM, Mayawati had contested legislative council byelections in June. She had then declared assets worth over Rs 52 crore. It included Rs 50.27 lakh cash, bank deposits worth Rs 12.88 lakh, jewellery worth Rs 50.87 lakh, diamonds worth Rs 50 lakh, murals worth Rs 15 lakh and a silver dinner set valued at Rs 1.12 lakh.Besides, she had also declared a residence in Lucknow worth Rs 97.42 lakh and one in Delhi worth Rs 18.02 crore apart from commercial property in Connaught Place and Okhla worth Rs 19 crore. She didn't own a car even then. In May 2010, Maya contested legislative council election again. This time her declared assets were Rs 88 crore, a gain of at least Rs 35 crore over her 2007 declaration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12257106", "title": "State sends its long list of demands to Gujarat railway ministers", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujaratis have high hopes from the Railway Budget to be announced on Wednesday given that perhaps for the first time both Union railway ministers are Gujaratis.Dinesh Trivedi is originally from Kutch and now lives in West Bengal, while Bharat Solanki is the Anand MP. But sources say there is no point in expecting a bonanza as only a few of the requests are likely to be considered in the end. Among the requests sent by Gujarat's MPs and MLAs are about 20 new trains, and funds to make Ahmedabad into an international quality railway station. Two of the new trains are likely to start from Bhuj - one to Howrah and the other to Secunderabad. Just like the recently started Duronto between Ahmedabad and Pune, there is also a demand for starting a similar service till Chennai. Besides, there is a need for extending the Porbandar-Delhi weekly train to Amritsar.Railway officials added that the expert group for modernization of Indian railways, headed by Sam Pitroda, has given a positive report for the Ahmedabad-Mumbai-Pune bullet train. The budget is likely to make a major announcement for the service. Currently, it takes about seven hours to cover the 500-odd km between Ahmedabad and Mumbai. Bullet trains will have a capacity to travel at speeds of up to 300 km per hour.Sources added that the plan to spruce up Ahmedabad station was announced in the last budget as well.Trivedi, however, is likely to allocate funds this time. Many are hoping that the demand to spruce up the Sabarmati railway station to ease the pressure on Kalupur junction is met.Gujarat has also asked for better connectivity to all its ports in Dahej, Hazira and Kutch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "baruipur", "code": "12255654", "title": "Polio scare in state after a 'clean' year", "text": "BARUIPUR: A 17-month-old baby girl on the southern fringes of Kolkata is showing symptoms alarmingly similar to polio, although she had apparently not missed a single dose in the immunization programme.Doctors say it will be a month before the lab reports come in to confirm or rule out polio. If Sumi Naskar tests positive, it will be a huge blow to the country, just weeks after World Health Organization (WHO) had struck India's name out of the list of polio-endemic countries.As of now, it is a case of acute flaccid paralysis (AFP), an uncommon but not rare disease in children. Doctors have assured her parents that not all AFP cases lead to polio.Sumi was brought to Baruipur subdivisional hospital, 40 km from Kolkata, on Monday evening. Her parents, Shanta and Sudhangshu of Indrapala village in South 24-Parganas, have been noticing for a month that she was unable to walk. Her left leg would give way whenever she tried.The couple say they did not suspect polio because she had been administered the immunization drops regularly at the primary health centre.\"We took her for the Pulse Polio immunization programme on February 2, too. In the evening, she had fever. We took her to a local doctor and a child specialist, but her fever did not subside. When her left leg became weak, we panicked,\" said Sudhangshu.Local doctors saw that the symptoms resembled polio, and advised the parents to go to sub-divisional hospital.\"My daughter is playful and loves to run around. She was completely normal till a couple of weeks ago. Now her left leg has become weak and even shrunk. She is barely able to walk. How could this happen when she was regularly administered polio drops?\" wondered Shanta.Officials from WHO and the health department rushed to the hospital on Tuesday. Health officials said they would treat the case as AFP for now. AFP is also associated with other pathogens like the entero virus, echo virus or adeno virus.\"In 2011, there were 61,000 cases of AFP in the country, out of which only one tested positive for polio in Panchla, Howrah. This January and February, around 6,000 cases of AFP have been reported across the country. None tested positive for polio. Let's wait till the lab results come in,\" health commissioner Dilip Ghosh said.According to WHO officials, around 40 cases of AFP are reported from Bengal every month. Every case is investigated as part of the polio surveillance programme.\"Apart from polio, AFP could be triggered by neurological conditions like Guillain-Barre syndrome that affect the nervous system with weakness beginning in the feet or hands. Only a laboratory test can conclude if it is case of polio,\" consultant pediatrician Saugata Acharyya said.India would have achieved polio-free status in 2011 but for an 18-month-old baby from Howrah who was detected with P1 virus on January 13.In 2010, 42 cases of polio had been reported in India, of which eight were in Bengal-seven from Murshidabad and one from Birbhum. After the Panchala case in 2011, health officials and the WHO stepped up the surveillance and the immunization programme, resulting in Bengal being declared a polio-free state from February 2011 to February 2012. Bill Gates had even sent a congratulatory note to chief minister Mamata Banerjee in February lauding the achievement.Even as the sub-divisional hospital saw a flurry of activity on Tuesday with visits by key officials of WHO and state health department, the primary health centre in Indrapala was deserted by 3pm though it is supposed to be open till 4pm. Locals said that it is often shut down around 1pm.\"Since there is a polio scare in the area, we expected health officials to visit houses and check if all children in the locality had been administered polio drops. But no one came,\" said Biresh Mondol, a resident of the village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12255826", "title": "Traffic restrictions to remain in place", "text": "KANPUR: Traffic restrictions will remain in place for the Ganga Mela to be held on Wednesday.The 'Holi Milan Samorah' will be held at Sarsiyya Ghat and traffic will be diverted. The restrictions will remain enforced till 2 pm.No vehicle would be allowed to proceed towards Vyamshala and VIP Road from Meghdoot crossing. The vehicles proceeding towards VIP Road will have to pass through Bada Chauraha to Korset crossing. The vehicles will move freely on the Mall Road. Vehicles will be routed through Kila tri-section to Charles crossing and Meghdoot tri-section to reach Bada Chauraha and Korset crossing.No vehicle would be allowed to proceed towards Chetna crossing and VIP Road from Vyamshala tri-section. Similarly, no vehicle would be allowed to head towards Chetna crossing and Sarsiyya Ghat from Bada Chauraha.No vehicle will go towards VIP Road from Madhuban tri-section. tnnAll such vehicles would be routed through police office road, Katchery crossing and Bada Chauraha. No vehicles would be allowed to move towards Chetna crossing.From Stock Exchange crossing, no vehicle would go towards VIP Road and Tilak Nagar. Instead, the vehicles can take MG College Road to reach Korset crossing and further to Bada Chauraha. No vehicle would be allowed to go towards DAV College and Sarsiyya ghat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12256888", "title": "Speeding car kills two in Mangolpuri", "text": "NEW DELHI: A girl and a 50-year-old man were killed after a speeding car rammed into them in Mangolpuri on Tuesday evening. The victims, Amreen, 14, and Kamruddin Ali, lived in Peeragarhi, police said. Amreen's mother, Fehrunnisha, was also injured in the accident.The driver, Monu, was beaten up by locals and handed over to police. He has been booked for causing death and rash driving, police said. He has been sent for medical examination to ascertain if he was inebriated. The accident took place around 6.30pm in Mangolpuri Industrial Area Phase I. The victims were on their way to the local market when the driver of the car lost control while speeding and drove into the divider. The car overturned and in the process hit the pedestrians, police said. The locals took the victims to hospital, where the two were declared brought dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12255492", "title": "Time to 'park' the public transport problem", "text": "NAGPUR: Sarika Shrivastav (name changed) is worried whenever she moves out on her two-wheeler. She fears her two-wheeler being lifted by traffic police. In March alone Shrivastav's two-wheeler has been lifted twice from Ramdaspeth area. Each time the cops claimed she had parked in a no-parking zone, which is not marked. Shrivastav is not the only such victim, since the civic body has not designated parking places on any road.With rise in vehicles, there is a desperate need for off-street parking. But in the absence of a parking policy there is no way to regulate on-street parking or build more off-street parking facilities. Almost all commercial areas witness competition between hawkers, unregulated parking and pedestrians.The civic body had in June 2007 paid crores to L&amp;T-Ramboll; Consulting Engineers Ltd to prepare a master plan for transport system of Nagpur city 2031. The study was to form long-term transportation strategy for NMC and identify practicable and effective investment programme up to 2031, including the parking situation.The consultants recommended 18 off-street parking slots in various parts of Nagpur, including six on Central Avenue (including vacant space along CA adjacent to Arya Samaj Mandir, opposite Arya Samaj Mandir and an empty space near Nagpur Chamber of Commerce), one near Gangabai Ghat, NMC school ground at Dr Munje Square, strip of land outside Patwardhan ground (near Yeshwant stadium), existing off-street parking bay on Wardha road at the foot of Gowari flyover near Rahate Colony.The consultants cautioned NMC to act promptly or risk the land being encroached upon by squatters. The firm also advised NMC to levy parking fee near commercial complexes. The consultant also asked the civic body to remove encroachments on parking places. However, nothing has been done, leading to motorists being fined at will by traffic cops in no-parking zones that are not marked.Autorickshaws also suffer due to lack of designated terminals. They are usually parked randomly at any available space to pick up passengers. The woes of local residents are compounded by unauthorised hawkers in commercial areas.Mayor Anil Sole and standing committee chairman Dayashankar Tiwari need to find a solution to the parking problems across the city.Starbuses need their own solutionThough bus service introduced in the regime of BJP-Sena alliance at the NMC in 2007 has solved transport problems to some extent, there are many problems that need to be addressed urgently.In fact, the NVA-ruled NMC has failed to provide basic infrastructure, including a permanent bus stand or land for a workshop for Starbuses, leading to haphazard parking on roads. Mayor Anil Sole, who had headed an inquiry committee into the transport system in his last term, had admitted many glitches in Vansh Nimay - the private firm operating the city bus service.Earlier, the city bus service was operated by Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC). It failed in providing a good transport system. Moreover, it was incurring huge losses and decided to discontinue the service.NMC's private operator Vansh Nimay started operations with 10 buses, and increased the fleet to 230 by March 2009. Within a year, NMC received another 240 buses from the central government under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Mission, taking the number to 470. Today, on an average, around 1.50 lakh persons commute using Starbuses on over 250 routes.Though MSRTC has recently provided two platforms to operate Starbuses, the civic body is yet to find a permanent parking area for the city bus operator. Without a 'centralized' bus stop, services are being operated from Maharajbagh. The move has helped commuters, but the patch between Variety Square and Nagpur University Square has gone from bad to worse.Starbuses plying on this stretch cause traffic jams from morning till late in the evening. Vansh Nimay is now being forced to park buses on roads due to lack of an option.Due to lack of a full-fledged workshop, maintenance of the buses too has taken a back seat. Automatic washing units, which NMC had promised to set up, have not been made available. At present, the buses are cleaned manually, leaving many of them unclean on journeys.Mayor Anil Sole and standing committee chairman Dayashankar Tiwari have assured that they will give more priority to better and safe city public transport. They point out that the state government has already provided two terminus of Mor Bhavan bus stop for Starbus operation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12256388", "title": "Kidnapped baby rescued from Kolhapur", "text": "MUMBAI: The crime branch on Tuesday rescued a one-and-ahalf year-old girl who was kidnapped from Saki Naka and sold to a childless family in Kolhapur for Rs 4.5 lakh. The crime branch unit 4, led by inspector Shirish Sawant, arrested Akhilesh Nishad, Satyawan Laxman Raut and Jagdish Verma and rescued the girl who had gone missing on February 2. The move came after the cops received information that three youths kidnapped a baby and sold her to a Kolhapur family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12257228", "title": "Mohini Lande is fifth woman mayor of Pimpri-Chinchwad", "text": "PUNE: NCP's Mohini Lande was elected mayor of Pimpri Chinchwad on Tuesday. She defeated Shiv Sena's Sharada Babar by a margin of 75 votes to become the 22nd mayor of the township. Raju Misal, also of NCP, was elected the deputy mayor unopposed.Lande, who is the fifth woman mayor of Pimpri Chinchwad, secured 90 votes. She was expected to get 92 votes - 83 of NCP corporators and nine votes from independents. But two NCP corporators, Yamuna Pawar and Chhaya Sable, remained absent.Speaking to reporters after the vote, Lande said her priority would be to complete the Pavana dam-Nigdi pipeline project by taking into confidence the farmers from Maval. \"I also want to focus on planned development of Pimpri Chinchwad and ensure adequate water supply to all areas. Environment protection, efficient administration and women empowerment would be my priority areas. All corporators in the house including those from the opposition parties will be consulted in decision-making,\" she said.Additional district collector Ganesh Patil, who represented the divisional commissioner, presided over the special general body meeting for the elections. Mohini Lande, Sharada Babar of Shiv Sena and Varsha Madigeri of BJP were the three contenders for the post of mayor.The Congress, BJP and MNS remained neutral. Lande's rival Babar received the 15 expected votes - 14 of Shiv Sena corporators and one vote of Republican Party of India (Athavale) corporator.Mohini Lande, wife of Vilas Lande an independent MLA from Bhosari, is a three-time corporator from Bhosari village. She was first elected in 1997.Raju Misal of NCP, Dhananjay Alhat of Shiv Sena and Pramod Tamhankar of BJP were the contenders for the post of deputy mayor. Alhat and Tamhankar withdrew, thus Misal was elected unopposed.Misal was elected for the second consecutive term from the Sant Tukaram Udyan ward. He was the chairman of PCMC's sports committee in 2007 and the president of the municipal zonal committee (zone A) in 2009 and 2010.Women mayors of Pimpri ChinchwadAnita Pharande of Congress (March 13, 1997 to March 20, 1998)Mangala Kadam of NCP (February 18, 2005 to 2007)Vaishali Ghodekar of NCP (March 13, 2007 to May 23, 2008)Aparna Doke of NCP (June 6, 2008 to November 30, 2009)Mohini Lande of NCP elected on March 13, 2012Mohini Lande and Vilas Lande became the first couple to become mayors of Pimpri ChinchwadVilas Lande was mayor in 1994-95Mohini Lande is the third mayor to be elected from Bhosari villageDnyaneshwar Landge (1987-88) and Vilas Lande (1994-95) were the other two mayors from Bhosari village", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12257102", "title": "Kumbhalgarh sanctuary to get sambhars from Delhi", "text": "JAIPUR: The state forest department is all set to relocate a few sambhars from the Delhi Golf Club to the Kumbhalgarh sanctuary in Udaipur district. A team of officials is already in Delhi for the purpose.\"The Delhi Golf Course, spread over 20 acres, has an excess sambhar population. All the necessary permissions are in place and to begin with, we will relocate whatever number possible. Hopefully we shall be able to bring about 30-40 sambhars,\" said A C Choubey chief wildlife warden, Rajasthan.These sambhars will first be kept for some time in the relocation enclosure and would be released later in the sanctuary. And since Rahul Bhatnagar, divisional forest officer, Kumbhalgarh is away for the travel trade show ITB Berlin, Satish Sharma, assistant conservator of forests, has been entrusted the task to ensure safe transportation of sambhars from Delhi.There was a request from the DGC that the sambhars are in a way harming the golf course as they eat into the vegetation sown there. Therefore, a decision was taken to relocate the sambhars to sanctuaries like Kumbhalgarh and Kailadevi in Rajasthan.\"The sambhars would be tracked at the DGC, tranquilized and nearly 15 of them would be transported to Kumbhalgarh in a truck. The chief wildlife warden, Delhi will be there to supervise the entire operation,\" said Choubey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12259300", "title": "Google doodles Akira Yoshizawa's Origmai", "text": "Google doodle today celebrates 101st birthday of grandmaster of Origami Akira Yoshizawa. For years, children across the world used this paper folding technique to make objects like boats, aeroplanes etc till Yoshizawa developed the craft into a form of art. He turned a child's past time into a three-dimensional magic, diagram by diagram and model by model.The doodle on Google's home page is adorned with ready-to-flutter butterflies popularised by Yoshizawa. Each letter of the Google's logo too has been given the appearance of a paper folding design just like in the Origami art form.Yoshizawa was born on March 14, 1911 in Kaminokawa, Japan, into a family of dairy farmers. He moved to Tokyo when he was just 13 years old to take a job in a factory. During his days at the factory, he taught employees basic geometry where he used Origami as a teaching tool.In 1937, Yoshizawa quit his factory job to practice origami full time basis. However, for the next two decades he lived in poverty making a living by selling fish door-to-door.Yoshizawa got his big break in 1951, when a Japanese magazine asked him to create models of the 12 signs of the Japanese zodiac. The exposure catapulted him to international fame. His work has since been exhibited across the world and several books have been published on the art form.Yoshizawa died in Tokyo in March 2005.Google doodles are the decorative changes that are made to the Google logo to celebrate holidays, anniversaries, and the lives of famous artists and scientists. The first doodle was created by Larry Page and Sergy Brin in the year 1998 to mark the celebrations of the Burning Man Festival.Google currently has over 1000 doodles. Google recently revamped its doodle site, which features largely all doodles created by the company. The website also gives a peek into the creative process that goes into creating these doodles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "12254656", "title": "Parents blame doc after infant loses sight", "text": "YAVATMAL: The parents of an infant girl have alleged that their child lost sight in both eyes due to the negligence of a doctor. Sujit Rai and his wife Roshni said they consulted many ophthalmologists across the country but to no avail. The couple addressed a press conference here on Tuesday.Rai, the deputy sarpanch of Waghapur village on the outskirts of the city, admitted Roshni at the local private hospital of Dr Bhalchandra Thakre where she delivered a premature baby girl. She was sent to Chirayu Child Criticare run by Dr Sanjeev Joshi.\"After a few days, we noticed the girl's eyes turning red and reported the matter to the doctor. However, he ignored it and treated the child with some drugs,\" the parents claimed. After 23 days of hospitalization, the child was discharged. \"Within a month, the eyes turned white. Local ophthalmologist Dr Manoj Saktepar said the child had lost sight in one eye and infection had spread to the other eye,\" Rai said.The child is now permanently blind in both eyes. The parents of the baby Bhumika, now four months old, have lodged a complaint of negligence at Wadgaon Road police station against Dr Sanjeev Joshi.Rai further said that he would lodge a complaint with Medical Council of India and also the state medical council and request the authorities to cancel the registration of Dr Joshi.\"We are planning to file a complaint against Dr Joshi before the District Consumers Grievances Forum,\" Rai said, adding that they have so far spent over Rs 50,000 and the innocent child is now forced to lead a miserable life. A large number of men and women from Waghapur village assembled at the press conference venue and some women narrated similar experiences at the hospital of Dr Joshi.However, Dr Sanjeev Joshi denied all the allegations levelled and said that the child lost her eyesight merely due to negligence of her parents. \"Premature babies are administered artificial oxygen which may affect their eyes, ear and brain till they gain the weight up to 2kg,\" Joshi said, adding that he had advised Rai to consult doctors every four days to check that the infant's vital organs were functioning normally.\"Rai compelled me to discharge the child on the grounds that he wanted to consult some other doctors. I discharged the child with a standing instruction to consult me in 2-3 days, but he did not turn up,\" Joshi said, adding that Rai consulted an ophthalmologist only in February and thereby caused great damage to the child.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12251126", "title": "Mamata Banerjee embarrasses Manmohan Singh, TMC leaders skip his dinner", "text": "NEW DELHI: Senior Trinamool Congress leaders, including its ministers, tonight skipped Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's dinner as the Mamata Banerjee-led party decided to organise a sit-in in the Parliament complex to demand a special financial package for West Bengal.The dinner hosted by the Prime Minister was attended by party MP Ratna De Nag only, even though Trinamool has seven ministers and its total strength in Parliament is 25, including 19 in Lok Sabha.The crucial UPA ally, which has put the Centre on the backfoot on various issues including FDI in retail, decontrol of fertiliser prices and petrol price hike, has also tabled an amendment to the President's address to Parliament on the NCTC issue, which could end up as an embarassment for UPA.Party whip Kalyan Banerjee today demanded in Lok Sabha immediate withdrawal of the notification on National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC).Announcing that party MPs would stage a two-hour dharna outside Parliament on March 15 on West Bengal's financial demands, a day before the Union Budget, Trinamool leader in Lok Sabha Sudip Bandopadyay said it was being held on the instructions of the party supremo.\"Since we came to power in West Bengal, no financial assistance has been given to us by the Centre inspite of our demands. We have been demanding a moratorium for three years on the interest but to no effect as yet,\" he said.\"West Bengal government under the leadership of Mamata Banerjee is facing huge difficulties. Our main demand is that Bengal should not be put to financial uncertainty. We are not begging but the state government has to bear the brunt of an enormous debt left behind by the erstwhile government,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12256867", "title": "Sadhvi Pragya to stay in Bhopal jail", "text": "BHOPAL: Radical Hindu activist Sadhvi Pragya Singh Thakur will now be lodged in Bhopal Central Jail till the completion of the trial of the former RSS pracharak Sunil Joshi murder case in which she and four others are arrayed as accused by the National Investigating Agency (NIA).Additional District Judge V K Pandey sent Pragya and her accomplice Harshad Solanki to the central jail after both the accused were produced before the specially designated court on Tuesday to stand trial for the alleged murder of Sunil Joshi in Dewas in December 2007. The Judge observed that they would stay in the local jail for the speedy trial. However, the court said the two are free to attend any court hearing outside Madhya Pradesh on production warrants issued by the competent authority.The duo would appear in the National Investigation Agency (NIA) court on Wednesday when the court is likely to frame the charges against the accused.The court allowed the application of Pragya seeking medical attention by issuing directive to Bhopal Central Jail Superintendent. ADJ Pandey asked the superintendent to ensure that she was treated according to the jail manual after Pragya said the allopathic medicine doesn't suit her and she preferred ayurveda treatment.Also, the court agreed that any one of the attendants-her relative Bhawan Jha or her disciple Kalpana Singh be with her during treatment for a spinal cord ailment.Pragya, who is also an accused in the Melagaon blast in Maharashtra, was brought to the NIA court from a Mumbai prison while Solanki - who too is accused in another act of terror-triggering off explosions in Samjuhata Express was produced before the ADJ.After both Pragya and Harshad had failed to turn up during hearings in November 25 and December eight last year and on February 2, the court had directed the NIA to make sure that the duo is produced on March 13 or 14.Both the accused, along with others, are being tried on the charge of killing Joshi in Dewas in December 2007.However, the three other accused Vasudev Parmar, Anandraj Kataria and Ramcharan Patel, now out on bail, came to the court and registered their presence for the fourth successive time. These five accused have been charged under the Sections 302, 201, 120 b and 34 of the IPC and 25, 27 of the Arms Act. Mohan and Ghanshayam, two other accused in the Joshi murder case, are absconding.A local court in Dewas district had transferred the case, including charge-sheet to the NIA court on November 22 following a Madhya Pradesh high court's administrative order.The NIA has taken over Joshi murder case from Madhya Pradesh police some months back. Earlier, the state was reluctant to NIA intervention in the case, but later it budged. The MP police had even once stopped investigations into the Joshi murder case, and it was only after some strong evidence unearthed by Rajasthan ATS that the mystery behind the murder was unraveled.The NIA is already looking into Mecca Masjid, Ajmer, Malegaon and Samjhauta Express blast cases.Joshi was bumped off by the accused because of his boastful character and the conspiracy to eliminate him was hatched by his friend-turn foe Pragya, according to the charge sheet filed in case by MP police in Dewas court on February 27 last year. Also, Joshi had once misbehaved with Pragya following which she was angry with him and decided to kill him, the document said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12255812", "title": "Rail Budget: Bengal eyes slice for Metro", "text": "KOLKATA: Bengal is poised to reap the fringe benefits of UP's new power equations in the railway budget that will be presented in Parliament on Wednesday. The budget, the third in UPA 2's tenure, will be the first instance of a Trinamool Congress leader other than Mamata Banerjee reading it out when the party has been part of a ruling coalition.But the state that she showered with sops in the two previous rail budgets may yet grab a big pie, especially for the slew of Metro projects under way in the city.More funds for infrastructure projects would be in line with the report of the expert committee headed by telecom czar Sam Pitroda, which said the railways would require 2,50,000 crore from the government in the next five years for capacity augmentation and modernization. The question experts are asking, though, is where the money will come from.\"There may be trains like a Duronto Express to Chennai and an express train from Howrah to Mysore,\" a railway official said. \"The railways may also explore the possibility of running long-distance trains from places like Barrackpore or Digha. There are reports that a new train to Kathgodam may be introduced. There may also be a train from Santragachhi to Bhuj in Gujarat. If the Metro projects in Kolkata and suburbs are to progress satisfactorily, major allotments will be required.\" The official added.Railway minister Dinesh Trivedi may make also announce plans to utilize space around major stations for multiplexes and commercial structures.According to sources, Trivedi was keen to grant more powers to the Railway Protection Force in a bid to provide more security to passengers. Mamata has, however, objected to granting more power to the RPF, which is a central force. The chief minister is against any interference in the state's authority over law and order.\"This may have an adverse impact on Metro railway's plans to post more RPF personnel along its network and do away with the Metro Railway Police, which is a part of Kolkata Police. The railways was also considering the possibility of bringing the Government Railway Police under a single umbrella to do away with the problems faced over jurisdiction. Should this issue remain unresolved, train travel will remain as insecure as ever,\" an official said.Full Coverage on Budget 2012 : Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12256158", "title": "Skycity won\u2019t cause ecological damage, says developer", "text": "KOCHI: The proposed Rs 467-crore Skycity project by Yashoram Infra Developers Pvt Ltd at Chilavannoor won't cause any damage to any coastal ecosystem or backwater system, the builder group has contended in court.In reply to allegations raised by Indian Institute of Architects in a public interest litigation, Yashoram submitted to the high court on Tuesday that no reclamation activities had to be carried out as part of the project. The affidavit filed through advocate P B Sahasranaman pointed out that bridge construction similar to the Skycity project was approved by the high court in the case of Goshree bridges. A full bench of the court had held in 1998 that the design of Goshree bridges would not violate Coastal Zone Regulation rules.Yashoram also denied allegations of violation of Kerala Conservation of Paddy Land and Wetland Act, 2008, stating that rules framed as per the act hadn't come into force yet. Also, it had no application to the project site as no water body needed to be converted to land for the project.Based on apprehensions raised by Kerala Coastal Zone Management Authority, site of the project had been changed from national highway at Kundannoor to Irrigation Bund Bridge at Kundannoor, the affidavit said.Further, the group said that the total number of pillars for the project was around 400 whereas the petitioners claimed it was around 4,000 to 7,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12259674", "title": "Rajatava to get political", "text": "On screen, that is, as he plays a megalomaniac yet extremely popular chief minister in Raj Chakarabarty's 'Kanamachi'Rajatava Dutta has donned the hat of a megalomaniac chief minister, Agniswar Deb, in Raj Chakrabarty's \" Kanamachi\". However, not being able to see beyond his own self doesn't stop him from being a sound politician and extremely popular with the masses.The grapevine has it that Agniswar resembles some reallife politicians. Raj, though, denied the similarity. \"Agniswar Deb is a fictitious character. The film mocks the system in which we've grown up. In fact, the film has three political groups - Murgi (lead by Rajatava), the opposition party Kola (Supriyo Dutta plays the leader) and Barnoporichoy (Abir plays the leader). All the three parties have their own ideologies and visions,\" said Raj.The filmi CM believes, mukhyomontrir godite anek din boshe thakte thakte boyesh bere geche kintu buddhi kome geche. He strongly feels that they don't buy votes like others. While the opposition party, Kola's motto is - Humko desh ko kola banana hai, Bornoporichoy has one strategy - one must be educated to survive in this world - Nirokkhorota kare koi jane na barnoporichoy.\"Kanamachi\" is the story of the entwined lives of an honest photo journalist, played by Ankush, and an aspiring young politician played by Abir. Srabonti and Sayoni are Ankush's fellow journalists who also get sucked into Abir's political aspirations and election campaigns.Whether or not Abir achieves his goal at the end is what the film all about.Rajatava was all smiles about playing Agniswar but he too denied that his character resembled some politicians from real life.\"\"Kanamachi\" is not a political documentary so my role has no similarity with Mamata Banerjee , Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee or even Lalu Prasad. This political thriller is fiction where my character is imaginary and I am enjoying every bit of it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12255677", "title": "TMC leader booked for land auction bid", "text": "KOLKATA: On Monday, chief minister Mamata Banerjee instructed rural cooperative banks not to attach the mortgaged land of a loan defaulter without her government's approval. The day after, the CEO of the Trinamool-run Tamluk Co-operative and Agriculture and Rural Development Bank Arun Mishra came running to Writers' Buildings to pacify the CM. Later in the day, the police booked the bank chairman and Trinamool block president Nikunja Bihari Manna.The CM took exception to two posters by the Tamluk bank, announcing auction of the land of farmers who have not repaid loans. The default amount ranges between Rs 61,000 and Rs 1.18 lakh. The CM's directive has come as a bother for all those running such banks - cutting across party lines.Even as Mamata blamed the former Left Front government for passing the \"anti-farmer\" West Bengal Cooperative Societies Act, 2006, West Bengal State Cooperative Bank chairman and CPM leader Ashok Banerjee trashed her claims on Tuesday, saying that the provision for auction of mortgaged property was there in the Act much before the Left came to government. \"I would refer to Clause 48(4) of the Cooperative Societies Act, 1973, that arms cooperative banks with this power. The provision was also there in the Public Demand Recovery Act, 1913. This is nothing new. In fact, 50% of the loan amount that cooperative banks disburse to farmers come from Nabard and the rest comes from the deposits we have. We disburse the loan at 7% interest, much lower than the interest rates charged by money lenders and some NGOs. We need to have this clause for recovery from habitual defaulters. Our recovery rate is otherwise a high 78%,\" Banerjee said.On Tuesday, Banerjee wrote a letter to the CM, urging her to reconsider her directive. \"Of the 45 lakh Kishan Credit Cards distributed among farmers, our bank has to its credit of distributing 19 lakh cards. Our bank accounts for 35% of the total crop loan disbursement. We've already distributed Rs 4,000 crore of agriculture loans. How will we service our depositors or return the money to Nabard if there is no hard clause against the willful defaulters?\" he said.According to some, the CM's knee-jerk reaction is a fallout of her impulsive political instinct. She came to know about the auction posters, two days before her visit to Nadigram to commemorate the killings on March 14. It might have struck the CM that such a poster doesn't suit her \"pro-farmer\" stance that apparently took a beating following the deaths of debt-ridden farmers.Mamata didn't bother to check that the Contai Cooperative Rural Development Bank under the supervision of Trinamool MP Subhendu Adhikary has made assets by managing funds properly. With panchayat polls scheduled sometime at the year end, winning hearts seems more important to Mamata than sound book keeping.Leader of the Opposition in the assembly Surjya Kanta Mishra described the CM's instructions as counterproductive. \"This will encourage defaulters not to pay their dues. Banks have their own ways of recovery following RBI guidelines. We have time and again raised our voice against coercive means adopted by some banks for loan recovery. But this step will rob the cooperative banks of their authority to realise dues. Misguiding directions from the government such as this is quite unfortunate,\" Mishra said.Left chairman Biman Bose reminded the Tamluk cooperative bank is run by the Trinamool. \"Everyone in the district knows that 110 out of the 115 elected members are from the Trinamool Congress . Chairman of the bank Nikunja Bihari Manna is the Trinamool block president,\" Bose said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12257025", "title": "Veteran RSS leader no more", "text": "JAIPUR: Veteran RSS leader and Sanskrit scholar Giriraj Shastri passed away in the early hours of Tuesday, at a private hospital here. Shastri was 93. He was associated with the RSS since the early 40s.According to Shastri's last wish, his body would be donated to the SMS Hospital on Wednesday, after a tribute ceremony at Suraj Maidan in Adarsh Nagar on Wednesday at 10 am. Fondly known as 'Dada bhai', Shastri had launched a Sanskrit monthly magazine 'Bharti' which he published and edited it for decades.Shastri was born on September 9, 1919 and hailed from Bharatpur district. He held various responsibilities in the RSS. He was the Pranth Karyavah for 40 years from 1953 to 1992. Till 1998, Shastri held sangh responsibility as Kshetra Pracharak Pramukh, later in 1999 he became the executive member of Uttara Paschim Kshetra.Senior BJP and RSS leaders, including L K Advani, Nitin Gadkari , Vasundhara Raje and Mohan Prakash sent their condolences to the bereaved family. BJP state president Arun Chaturvedi and others also paid tributes to Shastri. In her condolence message, Raje said Shastri's life was for serving the nation and being a RSS member, he had strongly advocated the idea of patriotism and unity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "12255122", "title": "Dera heads invited for swearing-in", "text": "JALANDHAR: After roping in several deras to support the Shirmoani Akali Dal leadership, the Punjab government has invited heads of several deras to attend the swearing-in ceremony of new government at Chhapar Chiri on Wednesday.Dera heads and sants were contacted through SAD's own network and even through the official machinery extending them the invitation. Sources revealed that some officials were also being put on duty to escort these dera heads to the mega function so that they would not face any hassles on the way.While confirming such invitation, Sant Nirmal Dass, president of Sri Guru Ravidass Sasdhu Sampardai Society, said he was asked by Sant Surinder Singh Babla of Kahna Dhesian dera to attend the function. He said other sants have also been invited.The Sampardai Society and Sant Nirmal Dass had opposed announcement of founding of separate religion \"Ravidassia\" by Dera Ballan and they had declared their devotion for Guru Granth Sahib. However, dera Ballan factor also ultimately favoured SAD as its followers, traditionally Congress voters, voted for BSP this time as the issue of a separate identity got to the central stage.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "12257259", "title": "Babus get reshuffled even before SP govt sworn in", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Even though the Samajwadi Party is yet to be sworn in to form the government in Uttar Pradesh, the reshuffle of babus has already started. In a major reshuffle in the Greater Noida Authority, eight officials were either posted out of the district or given posts that are not considered 'important' in the administration. Sources said that the lucrative posts have been given to SP loyalists while those who held plum posts in BSP's tenure have been sent out.Lalit Vikram, who was holding command of the finance department as general manager, with the addition charge of the horticulture department for the last five years in Greater Noida Authority, has now has been shifted out. The senior manager of horticulture department, Ramesh Chand, has been replaced by Anand Mohan who was earlier posted in the urban services department.GM (projects) SSA Rizvi has been made the head of the horticulture department. Kailash Bhati, who is considered close to the new government and had been facing a tough time during BSP's reign, has now been given charge of distributing developed plots to beneficiary farmers. The urban services department chief has also given additional charge of the horticulture department as general manager.Another official, Aradhana, who had been working with institutional department, has now been shifted to the lucrative industry department, while industry department manager Arun has been posted in the urban services department.Sources in the Authority said that murmurs over reshuffling began as soon as SP's majority status in the state was announced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12255970", "title": "DGP bats for joint commissionerate", "text": "HYDERABAD: Director general of police (DGP) V Dinesh Reddy on Tuesday exuded confidence that forming a Greater Hyderabad police commissionerate will improve policing in the city. \"Within three weeks, the committee formed to prepare a report on the formation of chief commissionerate will finish its work,\" he said.At a press conference here, the state chief cop said formation of Greater Hyderabad police commissionerate would definitely benefit people as the top brass will be more accessible to them.As of now, area-wise, the Cyberabad commissionerate is 18 times larger than the Hyderabad commissionerate. \"It is virtually impossible for the commissioner, who sits in Gachibowli to frequently visit all areas of the commissionerate as it requires a journey of about 80 to 100 kilometres (to and fro),\" he added.\"At present, the two commissionerates have over 100 police stations. It is time to re-work their structure,\" the DGP said.The Greater Hyderabad Commissionerate would comprise four commissionerates - Hyderabad, Hyderabad South, Secunderabad and Cyberabad - each consisting of about 25 law and order police stations and headed by an officer of inspector general (IG) rank. They would work under the supervision of the chief commissioner, an officer of the rank of an additional DG.The new chief commissionerate would only comprise urban areas and certain non-urban areas like Ibrahimpatnam, Moinabad and Ghatkesar, which currently are in the Cyberabad commissionerate limits, will be placed under the Ranga Reddy district SP's jurisdiction.Each of the four commissioners would have powers currently enjoyed by the city police commissioner under the Hyderabad Police Act and the chief commissioner's role would be to co-ordinate with these commissioners and with the DGP and the state government, Dinesh Reddy said.The committee formed to prepare a report on formation of the chief commissionerate would also propose ways to incorporate existing special units like Traffic, Task Force and Central Crime Station (CCS) in the new system.\"The formation of Greater Hyderabad police commissionerate will not require any separate financial or staff allocation. New offices can be created in the existing buildings and same staff working in the city will be working under the re-organised commissionerates,\" the DGP said. He said that the special committee, comprising additional DG SA Huda, city police commissioners, AK Khan, Ch Dwaraka Tirumala Rao, ADG (Intelligence) Mahender Reddy and ADG CID SV Ramana Murthy, would soon visit Greater Chennai and Mumbai commissionerates before drafting a final report.The joint press conference was attended by additional DG SA Huda, Hyderabad and Cyberabad commissioners AK Khan and Dwaraka Tirumala Rao, additional commissioner Amit Garg and joint commissioner Mahesh Bhagawat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12254625", "title": "Nagpur University spent Rs 2L looking for registrar", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur University's failure to appoint persons on key posts came in for questioning in Management Council meeting on Tuesday. Sources said members sought explanation from vice-chancellor Vilas Sapkal for delay in appointments on statutory posts like registrar, Controller of Examinations (CoE) and also the Board of University and College Development ( BCUD) director.The university has failed to get \"suitable\" candidate for registrar's post after retirement of Subhash Belsare on June 14, 2009. LIT director Mahesh Yenkie is looking after additional charge for last two years. Angry members also sought details of expenditure on conducting two interviews for registrar's post. NU officials presented the details that revealed pressure tactics played by academicians delaying the registrar's appointment.NU spent Rs 1,96,827 on conducting two interview sessions for the post. First one was held on June 15, 2009, while second on January 17, 2010. During both interviews, some 14 candidates were found eligible. NU administration failed to provide any reason why no selection was made. Sources stated that warring factions in NU wanting to put their nominee in the post had stalled the appointment.The VC assured members that advertisements for all statutory posts would be issued soon and they would be filled up on priority. The members asked him to discuss the issue in forthcoming Senate meeting on March 17. The members also asked administration to have encroachment on NU land removed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12257184", "title": "\u2018Many leaders want to quit CPM\u2019", "text": "KOCHI: Defence minister A K Antony said LDF leaders are yet to recover from the shock of Selvaraj's resignation. Addressing a press conference in Piravom on Tuesday, Antony said the feud within the CPM has become so ugly that many leaders want to quit. CPM - which usually acts as a single mechanism from the top level - is quite disappointed now, he said.\"If their men join our front, they label it as horse-trading. At the same time, when an MLA from our side joins their party, it is called an act of heroism,\" said Antony. He added that V S Achuthanandan is just a mask on display and not a single cadre would obey his order.\"There has never been an occasion when all of them offered support. In the past, some of them would support us while the rest would stay away. But now we see a wave in favour of UDF in Piravom,\" Antony said.The defence minister said UDF would win the seat easily. \"People here will vote for us as they don't want to unseat this government. They also have a special affection for T M Jacob and Anoop is his son,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12256154", "title": "Kiran seeks AG's advice on mantris in trouble", "text": "HYDERABAD: Caught between a belligerent Opposition demanding the sacking of the six ministers who were issued notices by the Supreme Court in the Jagan assets case and the ministers in question wanting the state government to defend them, chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy has sought the legal opinion of advocate general A Sudershan Reddy on the issue.Sources in the chief minister's office said Kiran Reddy sought the AG's opinion on Tuesday afternoon. \"The AG has been asked to explore the legal options as to what can be the state government's position with regard to the 26 GOs over which the apex court has sought the views of the six ministers and 8 IAS officers. With the opposition continuing to stall the assembly proceedings, and with the ministers insisting that the onus to defend them is with the state, Kiran Kumar decided to sound the AG,\" said the sources.Soon after the assembly was adjourned for the day without transacting any business, the six ministers-- Geeta Reddy, Dharmana Prasada Rao, Sabita Indra Reddy, Ponnala Lakshmaiah, Kanna Lakshminarayana and Mopidevi Venkata Ramana met the CM in his assembly chambers and pleaded that the state government should defend them as they had done nothing wrong nor received any benefit while issuing the said GOs. \"Why should I resign? I did not do anything wrong for me to quit. We did not discuss the resignations with the chief minister,\" said industries minister Geeta Reddy soon after meeting CM.Earlier, IT minister Ponnala Lakshmaiah distributed certain GO copies related to the Jalayagnam irrigation projects in the assembly lobby to the media. \"I did nothing wrong in issuing the irrigation GOs. After receiving the SC notice, I will reply and I am confident that I will come out clean,\" Ponnala said. \"The SC has only issued notices. We will respond to them. Since the matter is in the court, it is unfair on the part of the Opposition to demand our resignations,\" said roads and buildings minister Dharmana Prasada Rao. At their meeting with him, Kiran Kumar Reddy reportedly assured the six ministers all help from the government but asked them to stay calm till he gets the advice from legal experts.No money to defend Acharya: WifeIAS officer Ranjeev Acharya, wife of arrested IAS officer B P Acharya, has demanded that the state government defend her husband and bear all legal costs. Ranjeev Acharya wrote a letter to that effect to chief secretary Pankaj Dwivedi on Monday. Acharya is accused No 1 in the Emaar scam. In her letter to the chief secretary, Ranjeev Acharya, who was principal secretary, finance, until she went on leave following the arrest of her husband, said she has already spent more than Rs 2 lakh from her personal account for legal help and is not in a position to pay more. \"It is only just that the state government provide us legal assistance\", the letter said. On his part, the chief secretary forwarded the letter to chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy for action. Analysts averred that the Acharyas would try to make common cause with the eight IAS officers on whom CBI will have to serve notices following a Supreme Court directive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "12256420", "title": "Birth control pills tied to breast cancer risk", "text": "MELBOURNE: Birth control pills could put women at an increased risk of breast and cervical cancer, a new study has claimed.The finding on injectable and oral contraceptives were done by a expert team led by Margaret Urban at the National Health Laboratory Service (NHLS) in Johannesburg and Emily Banks of Australian National University (ANU), according to ANU statement released recently.Emily Banks said the study builds on previous findings that women using oral contraceptives had temporary increased cancer risks.\"We have also shown for the first time that injectable hormonal contraception use independently increases the risk of developing these cancers to a similar extent as oral contraceptives, and that these risks wear off over time,\" she said.The study involved more than 3,500 women who had recently used one or both of the contraception methods.The study showed those who had recently used the injectable or oral contraceptive pill were about 1.7 times more likely to develop breast cancer and 1.4 times more likely to develop cervical cancer than women who had never used them.This risk disappeared a few years after the women stopped taking the medication. The Johannesburg's National Health Laboratory Service Margaret Urban said, \"The temporary increase in the risk of breast and cervical cancer and the long term protection against ovarian and endometrial cancers need to be considered alongside the highly effective contraception that these medications provide\" .It was also found that there were protective benefits with a decreased risk of ovarian cancer and cancer of the lining of the womb.The study was published in PLoS Medicine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12256989", "title": "4 held for theft, snatching", "text": "LUDHIANA: Police arrested four people for theft and snatching on Tuesday. Manpreet Singh, Amarpreet Singh, Vinod Kumar and Anand Singh are reportedly residents of Haibowal Kalan and a motorcycle, four gold chains and 13 cellphones have been recovered from their possession.Additional deputy commissioner of police Kulwinder Singh Tihara said a case has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12256185", "title": "A pilgrimage ends in tragedy for Sinoj\u2019s parents", "text": "KOCHI: Kottuvally natives, Mauritious and his wife Seena, had no idea that their pilgrimage to Velankanni church on Monday evening would end at Dindigul police station in Tamil Nadu. They waited at the police station so that they could take their son's ( Joseph Sinoj) body after all formalities were complete. Sinoj (34) was allegedly shot dead in an encounter by the Tamil Nadu police on Monday night at a lodge near the Dindigul bus stand.The encounter was the outcome of an operation to nab a notorious criminal identified as Varichiyur Selvam. While Sinoj was killed in the encounter; police managed to arrest Selvam and two of his accomplices Varghese and Ajith, who hail from Kerala.According to special branch wing of Ernakulam rural police, Sinoj was wanted in connection with a case in which the excise wing seized 8,500 litres of spirit from three vehicles parked near Aluva on August 5. Sinoj is survived by his wife Manjusha, a nine-year-old daughter and a four-year-old son. Sinoj was the eldest son in his family.Excise deputy commissioner K Mohanan told TOI that Sinoj and Ajith were wanted in connection with the spirit seizure case and the department had issued a look out notice a few months ago. \"A team of excise officials will leave for Dindigul to identify the accused. We will also seek the custody of Ajith and Varghese,\" he said.When TOI contacted Mauritious over the phone, he said that he was at Dindigul police station to complete certain procedures to get his son's body released. Police said Sinoj had told the local residents that he was into real estate and vehicle business. \"He was into illegal activities and had been staying away from his house after the lookout notice was issued,\" police officials said.\"Sinoj is an associate of a person identified as Maradu Aneesh from Kochi. He is a notorious criminal and wanted in connection with the spirit case,\" officials said. A detailed investigation was ordered to ascertain how Sinoj became a member of the Tamil Nadu-based gang.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12256911", "title": "Bandh paralyses normal life in city", "text": "BHOPAL: The Congress-sponsored bandh protesting \"involvement\" of mining mafia the death of the IPS officer in Morena paralysed normal life in the city on Tuesday. The bandh was near-total as all restaurants, shops, except medical stores, remained closed and public transport system was off the city roads.Barring a few incidents, where Congressmen forced the bandh in some localities of Arera Colony area- the bandh was peaceful. For many government employees, it was an extended holiday in the absence of public transport system coming as it does a day after the Rangpanchmi.The office goers living away from the family had to go without meals as all restaurants and hotels preferred to keep shutters down. For commuters, reaching working place proved a tough task in the absence of public transport and, in some areas, auto-rickshaws.Roads wore a deserted look as most shops downed shutters and bus operators preferred to keep off. An office-goer in the MP Nagar area said, \"All roadside eateries were closed. No grocery shop was open making it impossible to even buy a packet of biscuits.\"Another said, \"Since Monday was a state holiday because of Rangpanchmi, many decided to extend weekend.\"Most shops in New Market area were shut as well, save a couple of medicine shops. Daily commuters too felt the pinch as hardly any minibus, magic cabs and low-floor buses plied in the city. Having to rely on autos, the passengers had to shell out more than the usual.People at railway stations and bus stands faced inconvenience in the absence of the public transport. Says Ramesh Kumar, who had to go to Shivaji Nagar from the railway station, \"Thanks to an unknown man who gave me lift, I somehow managed to reach home.\"Local Congress leaders and workers in groups began going around, asking people to observe the bandh. They were also seen moving in open jeeps shouting slogans and 'requesting' traders to close down their shutters.There were adequate security arrangements and the police was deployed at the important road junctions of the city both in the new and the old parts of Bhopal.By evening, conditions resumed to normal. Almost all schools and colleges in the city remained open and the exams went on uninterrupted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12256951", "title": "Gold Sukh case: Jaipur police to leave for Vietnam", "text": "JAIPUR: A police team will leave for Vietnam capital on Hanoi on Wednesday to arrest the three directors of the Gold Sukh Trade India Limited, detained there by the Interpol and Hanoi police. A team of Jaipur police will first go to Interpol office in Delhi and from there they will board a flight to Hanoi. The Jaipur police recently got an email from Hanoi police asking to send a team to take the custody of directors involved in swindling crores of rupees from people on the basis of unrealistic investment schemes.According to commissioner of police BL Soni, a team comprising of additional SP Karan Sharma , DySP Harash Kothari, inspector Pushpendra Singh, sub-inspector Likhmaram and Kavita are expected to bring the accused from Hanoi within a week.Three directors - Manvendra Singh , Mahendra Singh and Pramod Sharma - were being questioned by Vietnam police for over a month. The police there wanted to know whether they had been involved in any crime in their country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12257209", "title": "Prosecution's plea to show injury certificates resisted", "text": "PUNE: The prosecution's plea to exhibit injury certificates of 28 victims injured in the German Bakery bomb blast case met with stiff resistance from the defence on Tuesday.The prosecution handed over a new list of injury certificates of 28 out of the 43 injured victims to senior lawyer A Rehman, representing the alleged conspirator Mirza Himayat Inayat Baig, to exhibit them when the case came up for hearing before the additional sessions judge N P Dhote. Baig was present in the court at the time of the hearing.Rehman submitted before the court that the certificates could not be exhibited if it were not supported by the affidavits of the victims. He said that in the past, he had admitted five certificates issued by the Ruby hall clinic and the Jehangir hospital because it was filed with the affidavits. He sought a week's time to study the list of certificates. However, additional public prosecutor Sanjay Pawar, who is assisting special public prosecutor Raja Thakare in the case, submitted that the list was supplied to the defence for his information.After hearing both sides, Dhote directed Rehman to check the certificates before deciding the issue of exhibiting them and deferred the hearing till March 20. Once the medical certificates are filed with the affidavits, the doctors as well as the people who were injured in the blast will have to appear as witnesses before the court, if required, and will be open to cross examination.The blast had killed 17 people, including five foreigners, and injured 64, including 10 foreigners, at Koregaon Park on February 13, 2010.Baig, who is a resident of Udgir in Beed district and allegedly heads Lashkar-e-Taiba's module in the state, was arrested by the state anti-terrorism squad on September 7, 2010.The prosecution has filed 41 witness affidavits and has examined nine witnesses like policemen, doctors, tehsildars and IT expert before the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12255869", "title": "Patna University exams commence today", "text": "PATNA: At least 30,000 students of 101 courses, including vocational ones, will take the undergraduate and postgraduate examinations of Patna University (PU) commencing from Wednesday.The current examination session is starting with LLB Part III examination which is being taken by 300 students at four centres. While boys would take the exam at Patna College, Patna Science College and B N College centres, girls would appear at the Magadh Mahila College centre, said PU examination controller Binay Soren.The district administration has reportedly agreed to depute police and magistrates during the period of exam at all the centres. The centre superintendents have been directed to depute sufficient invigilators to check use of unfair means. Research scholars and guest faculty can also be engaged in invigilation duty, if needed. Flying squads consisting of senior teachers have also been constituted to ensure fair exam.As per PU's examination calendar, the BA, BSc and BCom Part III honours examinations will commence on March 20. The examinations of MA, MSc and MCom Part II, postgraduation vocational courses (final year) and LLM Part II examinations are scheduled to commence from March 26.The examinations of BA, BSc and BCom honours Part II shall commence on April 4 while those of BA, BSc and BCom honours Part I are scheduled from May 9. The LLM Part I examination shall commence from April 12 while the LLB Part II examination will start from March 27. The university has already selected the colleges for centralized evaluation of answer books of different examinations. The results of all the examinations are likely to be published by the end of June so that the next academic session may start on time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12256166", "title": "Metro team inspects proposed station sites", "text": "KOCHI: The Kochi Metro authorities, along with officials from the district administration, on Tuesday carried out a joint inspection of the sites where the Metro stations have been planned. The team inspected 11 sites, including the starting point at Aluva and also inspected the Vyttila Mobility Hub, where a station is being planned.It is proposed to have 23 stations as per the current alignment. In the coming days, the team will inspect the remaining sites. The inspection is likely to be over by the end of this week. As the Metro authorities have received many complaints and suggestions regarding the location of stations and parking facilities, the team will look into all these aspects. They will also check the possibility of providing additional parking spaces without acquiring more land. However, the final call on this will be taken only after receiving a report from the School of Management Studies, Cochin University of Science and Technology.The team consists of managing director of Kochi Metro Rail Limited, Tom Jose, district collector Sheik Pareeth and Delhi Metro Rail Limited project director P Sriram. Engineers and officials from KMRL, DMRC, revenue and land acquisition departments also accompanied them.\"According to the directives from the ministry of urban development, there should be a seamless integration of travel infrastructure. We need to integrate various modes of transport to encourage more people to use public transport system. We are also weighing all possibilities like combining the Metro stations with bus stops wherever possible to allow hassle-free travel for people,\" Tom Jose said.He also had a look at the new route of Metro proposed through Vyttila Mobility Hub. He held discussions with Vyttila Mobility Hub Society managing director M Beena regarding the possibilities and hurdles in the new plan. The team expressed confidence in increasing connectivity with the hub.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "nellore", "code": "12255908", "title": "Election Commission seeks report on 'durai' practice", "text": "NELLORE: The district administration has decided to step up surveillance on the coastal belt to check the prevalence of 'durai' in fishermen villages of Kovur constituency as the Election Commission (EC) sought a report on this practice. \"We are deputing special teams to these villages to keep an eye on such practices till the completion of polling,\" district collector B Sridhar told TOI.Sridhar said that he has directed the field staff to keep a close watch. \"Normally, fishermen use durai for redressal of local disputes. Since there are chances of misuse of durai by candidates and political parties to lure the voters, we have decided to deploy special teams in the fishermen villages,\" he explained.Police also launched a crackdown on the flow of liquor into the fishermen villages. Police identified five boating points in the 32-km stretch of coast in Kovur constituency and deployed round-the-clock surveillance to check the entry of liquor into the villages. \"There are only five anchoring points on the coast in the constituency and we have set up check-posts at Maipadu east, Maipadu west, Venkatanarayanapuram, Peddapattapupalem and Pallipalem. Each team will have three armed guards to patrol the coast,\" said SP B V Ramana Kumar.Police suspect that some anti-social elements are trying to smuggle liquor through un-notified anchoring points. \"Police teams have been posted in the remaining 12 villages to monitor the situation from time-to-time,\" said Ramana Kumar. \"We are also using two marine boats for mobile surveillance on the waters,\" the SP said. With the fishermen villages holding key the fate of the candidates with a strong electorate of 30,000, they are leaving no stone unturned to win the hearts of the fisher folk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12257173", "title": "Bus commuters robbed of valuables worth Rs 20 lakh", "text": "JAIPUR: About 20 passengers travelling in a Rajasthan Roadways's Volvo bus to Udaipur were robbed by a dozen dacoits at knife point on Monday night. They stabbed the bus driver and conductor and beat up some passengers, too.The dacoits, who the police suspect were local tribal men, intercepted the bus that was on its way to Udaipur from Jodhpur by blocking the road using stones around 10 pm near Ranakpur Ghati in Sayara police station area in the district. No arrests have been made so far.\"There were around 40 passengers on board the bus when it left the Jodhpur bus stand. When the dacoits intercepted the bus, there were 20 passengers left as others had got off at various stops,\" said a police officer.He added that the dacoits, 10 or 12 in number, smashed the windows of the bus and barged into it as soon as it stopped. The dacoits were apparently drunk.\"Before the bus driver Sunil Choudhary and conductor Dashrath Singh could grasp the situation , the dacoits overpowered both of them,\" said the officer.To scare the passengers, they took out knives and issued threats. \"They demanded that the luggage box of the bus be opened and when Sunil Choudhary tried to protest, they stabbed him and the conductor leaving them seriously injured,\" said the officer.Seeing this, other passengers got scared and started handing over their belongings including purses and jewellery. It is estimated valuables amounting to Rs 20 lakh were robbed by the dacoits.After robbing it, the dacoits even attempted to push it into the gorge, but when other vehicles pulled up behind the bus on this generally isolated road, they got off the bus and fled.\"However, before leaving the spot, they damaged some vehicles which had pulled up,\" said the officer.He added the dacoits were probably from the nearby tribal area. \"These people used to commit similar dacoities till two years ago. Then they stopped completely. It is quite surprising why they have started such robberies again,\" said the officer.After the dacoits left, the driver called up the police control room and informed them about the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12256658", "title": "Rail Budget: Approval awaited for prototype of AC rake", "text": "Railway officials here are hoping that their plan to run air-conditioned locals will soon get a boost. They had recently asked railway minister Dinesh Trivedi for his approval to manufacture a prototype of an air-conditioned rake to carry out trial runs. During his visit to Mumbai earlier this month, the minister had told mediapersons that the railways is keen on running such services on suburban sector. He had, however, refused to elaborate further.The concept of air-conditioned locals, which found a mention in the 2007 budget speech of then railway minister Lalu Prasad Yadav, has again gained currency after the successful conversion of traction from 1500 V DC to 25000 V AC on Western Railway. AC traction is conducive to run such services since rakes have regenerative braking that can save 33% energy.Railway Board officials said efforts are on to introduce air-conditioned rakes in Mumbai. Once the plan is approved, the railway board may ask Bharat Earth Mover Ltd (BEML), Bangalore, or Integral Coach Factory, Chennai, to first manufacture one such rake.Plans of getting air-conditioned coaches have been around for a long time. About 10 years ago, WR had added the facility to a section of a coach at its Mahalaxmi workshop at an additional cost of Rs 17 lakh. However, the plan was abandoned since WR failed to get the requisite permissions.For the last one year, the Research Design and Standards Organisation (RDSO) has had ready a blueprint of AC trains for Mumbai's suburban network. There has, however, been no progress due to lack of interest from MRVC, CR and WR.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12257151", "title": "RTI activist told to pay for info", "text": "CHENNAI: It is common for government agencies to come up with reasons for not supplying information sought under the Right to Information Act (RTI). Now, the state civil supplies department has come up with a googly. Responding to a RTI query, it told the applicant, \"pay us money so that we can hire people to find out the information you seek.\"The applicant, M Thirumani of Padikuppam Road in Anna Nagar, filed a RTI query on June 9, 2011, seeking information on a petition he filed earlier to delete his son's name from his ration card and issue him a separate card. He also sought from the department's public information officer (PIO) information about those who had applied for removal of their family members from ration card from June 8 to November 29, 2011.Replying to his queries, PIO K Manimekalai claimed there was acute shortage of manpower in the civil supplies department and hence it was not possible for officials to get the details sought during regular working days. She demanded that the petitioner pay Rs 1,950 a day at the treasury until he got the information.\"If we have to get those details, we have to assign a section superintendent, a junior assistant and an office assistant on special duty and make them work even when they are on leave. To pay their special pay allowance, the petitioner was asked to pay Rs 1,950 a day. In case it takes three days to get those details, the petitioner should remit Rs 5,850 in the government treasury,\" sources in the civil supplies department said.The civil supplies department officer claimed in her reply that the details and the documents sought by the petitioner would be issued on leave days.The petitioner should pay Rs 2 to get the details for each document. After the PIO sent her reply, Thirumani's son Chandramani appealed to the civil supplies department seeking an answer to his father's petition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12257296", "title": "Surtis want swanky railway station, flood Facebook with demands", "text": "SURAT: Facebook has been a powerful medium for Surat's residents to get the much-awaited air connectivity with Mumbai and other important destinations. Now, residents from all walks of life have logged on to Facebook to launch a campaign to demand a world-class railway station in Surat.Following the success of air connectivity campaign, a group called 'Surat Railway Station Development Citizen Forum' was formed on Facebook last month to highlight the plight of poor infrastructure, poor rail connectivity and other basic amenities at the railway station.About 1,000 Surtis have become members on Facebook to press for early development of a world-class railway station, as promised by the then railway minister Mamata Banerjee in the 2009-10 budget.Facebook members have highlighted the problems and issues that impede the development of Surat railway station and have given certain suggestions.The problems that the Surti residents highlighted on the social networking site include unclean railway station, limited parking facility, less number of trains originating from the city and lack of fund allocation for setting up infrastructural facilities.Other suggestions include connecting the main western railway line to Magdalla airport for passengers convenience, shifting of western railway headquarters from Mumbai to Gujarat, preferably Surat and setting up about 10 platforms on Surat railway station to facilitate the increasing number of passengers. They are also lobbying for more, faster and better trains as well as installation of computer-based ticket vending machines, connecting Saurashtra with the western railway main line, better utilization of railway yard, etc.They have called for developing the railway station into a world-class facility under the PPP model, introducing more trains from Surat like double-decker AC trains, stoppage of Duronto trains, development of Udhana railway station as satellite station, providing more MEMU trains between Ankleshwar and Navsari starting from Surat, escalators for physically-challenged passengers, etc.Linesh Shah, a stock broker, who initiated the campaign on FB, said, \"FB is a powerful medium and we have seen it in the case of Surat's airport development. We have started this group to demand in Surat a world-class railway station and for resolution of basic infrastructural issues.\"Sanjay Desai, who works with a private company in the city and an FB member, said, \"Facebook members on the group are increasing day by day. We are sure that our voices would be heard by western railways and the Centre. The UPA government had promised to develop Surat as a world-class railway station, but it is yet to be implemented.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12256749", "title": "Neighbours watch in dread as 5-storey building tilts", "text": "Two pillars of an under-construction five-storey building at Vinayaka Layout in Shantipura village near Electronics City gave way early Tuesday morning. The structure is tilting dangerously and could topple onto the adjacent building.No casualties were reported in the accident. Four structures standing cheek-by-jowl with the affected building, including a five-storey structure 15 metres away, have not suffered any damage.Shantipura gram panchayat officials said the structure is illegal. Building owner Vijaykumar of Basavanagudi is missing. Officials said they were told that Vijaykumar is abroad.How it all happenedAbout 20 labourers sleeping on various floors of the 20-unit residential building woke up to a rumbling sound at 5am. Even as they tumbled out of their beds, they felt the building tilt dangerously. The roof appeared to be falling and the floor started giving way. As construction equipment including pickaxes, shovels and crowbars rolled all over the place, the 20 labourers, including five women , rushed out of the building.Once outside, they saw through the darkness that the building had tilted.One worker alerted the police control room at 5.40am. The caller said their building was falling apart due to an earthquake. The cracked floor convinced the workers it was an earthquake.By then, neighbours rushed out and the commotion increased. Parappana Agrahara police rushed night beat head constable Kodandarama and constable Vishwanath in a Cheetah to the spot around 5.50 am.\"The building had tilted to its left. Thought some persons an earthquake had hit the area, neighbours said they hadn't felt it,\" Kodandarama said.\"I went to the spot around 10am and it seemed as though the building would crash anytime. We summoned Shantipura gram panchayat member M Venkatesh, who claimed it was a illegal construction and the panchayat had not given any clearance.\" H Subbanna, assistant commissioner of police, told TOI.Neighbours said the construction of the building began five months ago. The owner who turned up regularly earlier had not come recently and a mason and a supervisor oversaw the work.A police official said there are several five-storey buildings in this area under Shantipura gram panchayat limits of Anekal taluk. Most buildings have come up on plots measuring 30 ft by 50 ft and have come up without obtaining any clearances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12254273", "title": "BJP to target Ansari to get government\u2019s goat", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP plans to question Rajya Sabha chairman Hamid Ansari's decision to abruptly adjourn the Upper House on December 27, 2011, on the ground that rules of business specify that an adjournment due to disorder needs to be time-bound.The notice submitted by Leader of Opposition in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley refers to Rule 257 that states the House may be suspended by the chair till a stipulated time. As Ansari had said he was adjourning the House at midnight amid disorder, BJP intends to raise the matter on Wednesday.Though BJP's notice may not be admitted, it is likely to lead to an interesting play of parliamentary tactics with the government insisting that all amendments moved to the official Lokpal bill, which is under discussion, stand annulled as per Rule 225.The main Opposition is likely to argue that Rule 225 quoted by parliamentary affairs minister Pawan Bansal can be suspended if the House so wills it. As UPA is in a minority and the Lokpal's contentious provisions on Lokayuktas have united regional parties, Left and NDA, the BJP feels it will have the numbers to embarrass the government.The government can be expected to oppose any move to suspend Rule 225 and the chair is unlikely to feel otherwise. But BJP hopes the occasion will allow it to score a few points by raising the Lokpal issue to put the government in a spot of bother.BJP has claimed that the agenda under discussion when the House was adjourned cannot be said to have lapsed and must be taken up when the Rajya Sabha met for the Budget session. The government has said since the session in December was to end on 27th, the House had to be adjourned. It has rejected the argument that the chair can extend the sitting of the House.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12255984", "title": "Four teens go missing from Khokhra", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Four teens went missing from their school in Khokhra on Monday. Police officials said that the group might have left home without informing their family members.According to Khokhra police officials, Gopi Kishan Naikar, 17, his brother Suraj, 16, his sister Manisha, 14, and cousin Jayesh, 11, all residents of Yadavnagar, Hatkeshwar, study at Municipal Tamil School in Khokhra and go to school in the morning together. As per a complaint by Nagraj Naikar, Gopi, Suraj and Manisha's maternal uncle and Jayesh's father, the group went to school on Monday and did not return home at their usual time. They searched for them at school and their friends' residences, but in vain. They went to police officials who asked them to wait for a day and registered a missing persons' report on Tuesday evening.\"Gopi, Suraj and Manisha were living with their maternal grandmother Navneeta and Nagraj after their mother Saraswati died six years ago. Their father had left home 12 years ago. Except Jayesh, none of them are good at studies. Gopi studies in class V and Suraj studies in class VII. We believe that they have left home intentionally. We are contacting their relatives to know their whereabouts and have also informed city police control room about the incident,\" said a Khokhra police official.The city police are in a tizzy as a number of missing children complaints have started pouring in from beginning of the year. While some got solved, some remain a mystery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12255550", "title": "Akhilesh to take MLC route", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh chief minister and president of Samajwadi Party's state unit Akhilesh Yadav has decided to enter the state legislature through the legislative council.As per norms, any individual sworn in as chief minister despite not being a member of the state legislature is required to become a member of the either Houses within six months of being sworn in as the chief minister.Talking to TOI shortly after his arrival from New Delhi, where he had gone to attend the opening day of the Budget Session, Akhilesh said that the party has decided that he should become an MLC. \"Contesting from an assembly constituency will mean that one of our MLAs will have to vacate his seat for me. People in each and every constituency have voted for the particular individual. It is better that the elected SP candidate now serves those who have sent him to the assembly,\" said the UP CM.The decision, which is yet to be announced formally, has brought an end to all sorts of speculations over Akhilesh's entry to the state legislature. Recently, few SP MLAs have offered to vacate their respective seats for Akhilesh to contest elections.Once elected as member of the legislative council, Akhilesh will also have to meet the constitutional requirement of withdrawing his membership from Parliament.Asked about the possible candidate, the party is considering to field from Kannauj parliamentary constituency, Akhilesh said, \"That is yet to be decided and it will be done by the party's national unit.\"Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12259513", "title": "Facilitating Research and Technology", "text": "Bangalore: Swinburne University, the first Australian University to offer taught programmes in the niche of entrepreneurship and development, announced its first ever entrepreneur-in-residence. Chaitan Maini was declared the entrepreneur-in residence by Victorian Premier Ted Bailieu and Professor Linda Kristajanson, vice chancellor, Swinburne University of Technology.The announcement was made in Bangalore during the Victorian Government's trade mission to India. \"Maini's technical expertise and business acumen will help develop the Swinburne Electric Vehicle Group into a world-leading centre with cutting edge research that can be translated into industrial products, education and training,\" said Prof Kristajanson.Maini also founded the first electrical car company Reva in 1994. The Mahindra Groups of India acquired a majority stake in 2010. Today, Mahindra Reva Electric Vehicles Pvt Ltd has the largest deployed fleet of electric vehicles in the world. The company also has a number of awards to its name including the one that named Maini as one of the Young Global Leaders for 2011 by the World Economic Forum . He was also awarded The Economist 2011 Innovation Award for Energy and the Environment.Maini and Professor Ajay Kapoor, associate dean of research, Swinburne's Faculty of Engineering and Industrial Sciences, will work in close collaboration.Both Prof Kristajonson and Maini signed a Memorandum of Understanding between Mahindra Reva, Swinburne and the Co-operative Research Centre for Advanced Automotive Technology (AutoCRC). This memorandum will further enhance research collaboration in the field of electric vehicles. The AutoCRC's participants are eight leading vehicle and component manufacturers, two state governments and ten research institutions.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12257171", "title": "In labour, mom may pass on cancer virus to kids", "text": "Is the virus responsible for cervical cancer in women causing eye cancer in their children? A study by city doctors may soon have some answers.The department of biotechnology has given Rs 3.5 crore to Vision Research Centre of Sankara Nethralaya to study if human pappiloma virus (HPV) that causes cervical cancer in women is responsible for retinoblastoma, a cancer of the retina found in children below the age of six. Many of the tumours in such children's eyes were found to have the virus. Researchers suspect that the virus may be pushed into the child from the mother during delivery, something which has been proven in the case of HIV.Sankara Nethralaya will work with experts from Institute of Bioinformatics, Bangalore, and Johns Hopkins University in the US on the project that may help doctors prevent and treat retinoblastoma in children better. About 1,500 cases of retinoblastoma are reported every year in the country, mostly in children in the 1-2 age group. Many cases are treatable, but 60% of the cases are detected late, forcing surgeons to remove the eye to save the child.It is believed that retinoblastoma is caused by a genetic mutation, but more than half the cases don't have a family history of eye cancer. Hence, HPV becomes a suspect. Dr Sangeetha B Desai, author of the study published in the medical journal Pediatric Blood Cancer last month, says the findings strengthen the hypothesis that HPV plays a role in development of retinoblastoma.\"We want to know why we are seeing HPV in eye tumours,\" said Sankara Nethralaya deputy director (research) S Krishnakumar, who will head the retinoblastoma project. Studies by Sankara Nethralaya in 2009 had also showed the presence of HPV in eye tumour samples. HPV 16 was detected in 12 out of 21 tumors. They found that children younger than 18 months were significantly associated with the presence of HPV DNA, compared with children above 24 months.That gives enough reason for scientists to suspect that the virus is pushed to the baby from the mother when the uterus contracts during labour. \"While passing through the cervix, the baby has chances of picking up the virus from the uterine fluids. The virus may later cause mutations that lead to uncontrolled cell division,\" Dr Krishnakumar said. Oncologist Dr Vikas Ketan hopes that such fundamental research will help find important answers. \"In most cases, we try to save the eye. But it becomes impossible in many cases. We hope a new treatment helps,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12256882", "title": "Sons beat father to death over petty dispute", "text": "BHOPAL: Three brothers allegedly thrashed their father to death in presence of their grandmother in the Shahpura area late on Monday over a petty issue of keeping the TV volume low. The three accused even did not spare their uncles, who came for the victim's rescue, the police said.Nandram, 50, a labourer and resident of Saraswati Nagar, was allegedly attacked by the three accused, identified as Jitendra, Sonu and Mahesh, the police said. The deceased, his mother-Bheekan Bai and his three sons lived in the same house. Nandram's wife had left him a few years ago.The incident took place last night when the deceased returned home allegedly in inebriated state. The deceased reportedly sat down before the television and asked his mother to get him food. Shortly afterwards, he had an argument with his elder son Jitendra, who reportedly asked him to keep the TV volume low.The police said the three accused, who were also drunk, attacked their father with rods and sharp-edged weapons. The accused allegedly hit their father's brothers, Rajaram and Ramesh, who lived nearby and came to save Nandram after hearing his screams.Police said the middle aged man died on the spot and Rajaram and Ramesh were admitted to the JP Hospital and Hamidia hospitals, respectively. Later, the three brothers were taken in custody and produced in the court, the police added.CSP Rajesh Bhadoria said \"The victim was a labourer and a liquor addict. The three accused did not want his father to live with them, the police said, adding. The victim, however, refused to leave the house saying that he owned the house. The deceased and the accused had differences over the issue and, the incident on Monday was the outcome of that, he added.The two brothers of the deceased are also serious in the hospital. Investigations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12256203", "title": "Corp feud: Clerk, contractor slap each other, file complaints", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A dissent between officials of the engineering section and corporation contractors turned violent on Saturday.A UD clerk, employed in the engineering section, filed a complaint against a contractor for allegedly assaulting him. Police have also registered a counter complaint from the contractor against the clerk on the same charge.The incident occurred on Saturday when contractor K V Rajagopal and Anwar Hussain traded blows after disagreement over the transaction of a file. Later, they filed a complaint with the police.\"We have received complaints from both parties. We have started the investigation,\" said an official of the Museum police station. Contractors had staged a dharna in front of corporation office two days ago demanding action against Anwar Hussain.\"Rajagopal was just trying to get a file related to a bill. Anwar deliberately delayed it and when questioned, he hit Rajagopal. Contractors will launch a strong protest against this act,'' said city corporation contractors association president K Jayakumar.Anwar Hussain had a different story to tell. \"Rajagopal was forcing me to handover a file to him. There is no provision by which a contractor can possess the file related to a project work. I objected and he started abusing me. He tried to manhandle me,\" said Hussain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12256554", "title": "US actions against China trade practices not driven by politics: White House", "text": "WASHINGTON: The recent US actions, targeting trade practices of China, are not driven by the upcoming presidential polls, Obama administration has said.The steps against China's trade policies are not driven by the upcoming presidential elections in November, given the Republican leaders are criticising Obama's China policy, the administration said yesterday.\"It was announced today because the time was appropriate to announce this new trade case. And this trade case that we've taken up at the World Trade Organisation against China on the issue of rare earth materials is consistent with the approach this President has taken since he took office,\" the White House press secretary, Jay Carney, said.Obama signed a legislation yesterday to enforce US trade rights with China and level the playing field for American businesses and workers. He also warned Beijing against its alleged unfair export restrictions on rare earths.Carney said such allegations against the US president were ridiculously absurd.\"We have taken cases against China to the WTO at a pace nearly double that of the previous administration. That begins going back to the early months of 2009, when we took the case on Chinese tires and won it.\"The result has been that a thousand Americans have had help in ensuring that they kept their jobs because of that action,\" he said.\"Do you feel you have to emphasise the President's record because of Republican criticism about it?\" Carney was asked.\"Well, no, because guess you could say that we've been doing that for three years because of anticipating criticism about it,\" he said.\"The fact is we've been at this for three years because it's the right thing to do. We made that clear on the President's trip to Asia not long ago, late last year.\"And he has made it clear, and this administration has made it clear from the very beginning, from early 2009, again, citing that very early case at the WTO against China,\" he observed, adding that this is an ongoing effort.\"The fact that it takes place on a day when there are Republican primaries -- competitive Republican primaries, I mean, throw some spaghetti at a calendar and find a day when there isn't a competitive Republican primary.\"And it's possible that could be the case for many weeks going forward, I don't know,\" he said.\"I don't know one way or the other whether this came up in any of the conversations that the vice-president of China had with the President and the Vice President here,\" he said responding to a question.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12256087", "title": "Centralized bus stand in Gandhipuram", "text": "COIMBATORE: The corporation's decision to construct a central bus stand in Gandhipuram along with a commercial complex and multi-level parking facility is a major reprieve for local residents, who feel the six bus terminals located in different parts of the city is inconvenient and utterly confusing.The central bus stand will come up in a 10.38 acre piece of land, accommodating both city services and long distance express buses. Apart from TNSTC, transport corporations of Kerala and Karnataka too can use the proposed bus stand with state of the art facilities. To be located in the heart of the city, the new bus stand can be easily approached by people from different parts of the district. Moreover, it will no longer be necessary to take an auto or taxi to get to another bus stand to catch a connecting bus.The budgetary proposal comes in the wake of a resolution adopted unanimously by the corporation council during the last week of February. The corporation has got assurance from the state that about 9.03 acres of land from the prison department would be handed over soon for the bus stand. Once the land is made available, the project works will start, said the mayor. The present town bus stand in 1.35 acres will be razed to construct the new one.\"The bus stands at Mettupalayam Road, Ukkadam, Singanallur and three in Gandhipuram are causing confusion and inconvenience to travelers. The city needs a bus stand like the CMBT in Koyambedu in Chennai,'' the mayor said.According to Velusamy, the corporation had given 53.17 acres in Vellalore free of cost for a CRPF camp as directed by the government. \"We have demanded equal measure of land in Gandhipuram and the corporation is willing to pay the additional amount to meet the market value,\" he said. If this vast land is available, the corporation plans to shift the local zoo there in addition to building an indoor stadium.\"Once these facilities come up, Gandhipuram's very appearance will change,\" said the mayor. The corporation also plans to retain bus stands in Ukkadam, Singanallur and Mettupalayam road to accommodate city buses. It is also constructing bus stands in Vadavalli and Kurichi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12254632", "title": "Terminated Mafsu staffer approaches HC", "text": "NAGPUR: One of the Maharashtra Animal and Fisheries Science University (Mafsu) employees who were terminated after an inquiry committee confirmed their recruitment was illegal has approached the Nagpur bench of Bombay high court on Tuesday to get a stay on their sacking. However, the petition was posted for later hearing since Mafsu had not issued the termination letters to the employees.One of the employees, Dr Anand Sarode, filed a petition through his counsel Ashutosh Dharmadhikari. However, Mafsu officials told them that termination letters were not yet issued and therefore the petitioner sought amendment in the petition to include the letters. Later in the day, the termination letters were issued by Mafsu.HC admits pleas against NUThe high court admitted nine petitions of education societies who oppose forwarding their proposals of opening new colleges to the Maharashtra government.Jai Bhawani Bahuuddeshiya Shikshan Sanstha from Gondia and eight other education societies contended that NU is not correct in forwarding their proposals for new colleges on permanent no-grant basis to the government under Section 82(5) of the Maharashtra Universities Act, 1994. tnnFirdos Mirza appearing for the petitioner societies argued that university is duty-bound to process their proposals for affiliation after finding those in correct order and in conformity with its perspective plan.Bhanudas Kulkarani appearing for NU however contended that the government's permission is mandatory for opening any new college on permanent no-grant basis under Section 82 of the Act, as it has to reimburse fees for students from weaker sections of the society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12256787", "title": "Court grants bail to \u2018Maoist\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: A woman accused of being a member of banned outfit Communist Party of India (Maoist) has been granted bail by the Delhi high court.Justice Mukta Gupta granted Kanchan Mishra bail on the grounds that there was no evidence to show she incited violence or indulged in violence. Relying on an SC judgment, Justice Gupta pointed out that mere membership of a banned organization doesn't make a person a criminal.Mishra and her husband Gopal, who are behind bars since April 2010, are facing trial before a Delhi court under the country's anti-terror law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12255701", "title": "Panel proposes radical changes in higher education", "text": "KOLKATA: The expert committee on higher education has suggested several radical concepts, including evaluation of teachers by students, in its report submitted to the government.The report has also suggested to review WBJEE examination system and change the pattern of questions and evaluation. \"WBJEE must be transparent, so answers of students should be uploaded after the examination along with model answers. Marks obtained in each paper must be published. Students may be given seven days time to ask for clarifications,\" the report stated. It wanted WBJEE should have reasonable cut-off marks to ensure candidates with low marks are not qualified.The experts, in the same way, has pitched for change in the question pattern of JEE. \"Students who fail to qualify in JEE or AIEEE may be allowed to join if they score above 60%.\" It also suggested online counselling of student immediately after results.The committee, headed by Abhirup Sarkar, slammed the present engineering education system in the state as it is heavily dependent on rote learning. \"Students are forced to confine their energies in traditional examination-oriented system while their counterparts in other state are building racing cars, robots and solar-powered flying machines at undergraduate levels,\" said a member.Among other proposals, the committee proposed to converted the three-year B Tech course of CU into a four-year course through WBJEE. The committee also wants six years Integrated B Tech-M Tech dual degree programmes at JU, BESU and CU. It suggested a state-wide teaching portal to guide the students who do not get guidance from good teachers. Experts suggested faculty development programme especially for WBUT college teachers.The committee wanted regular tutorials in colleges and universities for backward students to end private tuition system. It suggested changes in admission process, as admission should be based on merit and should be held on the same day in a region. Often meritorious students are prevented entry during the admission process by goons. \"So admission process may be held at the DM's office or at Netaji Indoor stadium to curb mal-practices and interference by student unions.\"The committee wanted that colleges to display list of applicants along with their marks in HS level examination on its website and college notice board for transparency. The list should rank candidates according to their merit along with marks obtained in the admission test.The committee wanted to minimize political interference in the colleges. \"Governing bodies of colleges should consist mainly academicians - teachers, distinguished alumni of the college and teachers of other colleges and universities or faculty members of research institutes. Apart from academicians, there should be one student representative and one representative of the non-teaching staff.\"The committee suggested changes in the functioning of boards of colleges and universities along with amendments in University Acts. It also wanted functioning of College Service Commission and State Council of Higher Education free from political intervention.It described post graduate syllabi of most universities as archaic and wanted a mandatory review.It wanted semester system in all post graduate departments. Most universities reserve 95% of post graduate seats for their own students passing undergraduate courses from the same university. The committee wanted a common admission test for each subject for all post graduate departments of state aided universities and colleges.The need for regularly reconstituting board of studies was also felt as there can be a nexus between tutorials, book sellers and dishonest teachers. Even the committee wanted net connectivity in all the colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12256485", "title": "MSU syndicate clears budget", "text": "VADODARA: M S University's (MSU) syndicate members on Tuesday approved the financial estimates (budget) of the university for the year 2012-13 during a special meeting.The special syndicate meeting was called to discuss the annual accounts and budget, which has to be placed before the senate members at the meeting scheduled on March 31.Although the budget was cleared, like in the past the annual audited accounts of the university are likely to create controversy at the senate meeting.According to MSU officials, 95 per cent of the Rs 200 crore revenue budget covers the salary component while remaining five per cent deals with various miscellaneous expenses, contingency requirements and expenditure on maintenance of infrastructure. The proposed budget shows a deficit of Rs 97 lakh.The annual audited accounts for the financial year 2010-11 which were discussed during the syndicate meeting show revenue of Rs 117 crore out of which Rs 111 crore were met by government grants and remaining from the miscellaneous incomes of the university.A committee consisting of syndicate members Milin Mehta, Dr Rameshwari Pandya and K S Agrawal and senate members Satyakant Shastri, Minesh Shah and professor G C Maheshwari has been formed to further revise the accounts and approve them for presentation during the senate meeting.The syndicate members have also modified the proposal to set up an Institute of International Studies at the Faculty of Arts to establishing an Institute of Policy Research and International Studies.MSU vice-chancellor professor Yogesh Singh has been authorized to take further required administrative and financial measures for the establishment and functioning of the institute.The recommendations of the selection committee for teachers who were eligible for promotion to the post of reader under the old rules of Career Advancement Scheme (CAS) were approved for teachers belonging to faculties of social work, science, commerce, family and community sciences and journalism and communication.The syndicate members have cleared the proposal of considering employees of the university press as eligible for pension. It will be now placed before the senate members for approval.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12255274", "title": "Degree &amp; diploma courses for auto drivers, cabbies", "text": "MUMBAI: Fifteen autorickshaw drivers and more than six women private cab drivers have decided to enhance their educational qualification by enrolling for the programme offered by the Yashwantrao Chavan Maharashtra Open University ( YCMOU) in Nashik.From June, the university will start a four-level programme for a bachelor's degree or diploma in road transportation for Mumbai drivers. It will also offer a certificate course with the help of which a driver who is just Class VIII pass can get a certificate equivalent to a Class XII certificate. He can then pursue the graduation course.Drivers from the MSRTC and BEST are also likely to participate in the programme, which John Daniel of the Commonwealth of Learning, Canada, officially launched in Mumbai on Tuesday. Auto union leader Thampy Kurian said, \"Several young auto drivers have to drop out of school due to financial problems. They can now become graduates.\" Revathi Roy of Viira Cabs said, \"Most of our women drivers have enrolled for the course.\"Sources said that some of the drivers wanted to opt for government jobs after Class XII or graduation. The degree programme would cover basics of transport administration, banking and insurance and disaster management, while the diploma course will cover transport rules, penalties, vehicle maintenance, basics of repairing, human behaviour, tourism and marketing.MSRTC to revamp intra-city servicesMUMBAI: The MSRTC will revamp its intra-city bus services in Nashik, Nalasopara, Vasai, Arnala, Aurangabad and other places. Passengers can now expect buses with two doors and 2x2 seating arrangements.The corporation has also set up a special 'Urban Transport Cell' at its Mumbai headquarters to cater to passenger demands and improve the performance of buses in nine cities.MSRTC managing director Deepak Kapoor said, \"Our emphasis has been on rural areas in the past and our buses connect every village in Maharashtra. However, we now want to focus on providing better transport in urban areas as well and have therefore set up the cell.\" Kapoor will personally review the performance of the buses and passenger feedback from the cell every week. -Somit Sen", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12256349", "title": "Bribe-taker constable held", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In another embarrassment for Chandigarh Police, CBI has arrested a constable of summon staff, Mange Ram alias Chaudhary, for demanding and accepting a bribe of Rs 12,000 from a Sector-18 resident Vipin Mahajan, on Tuesday. The trap was laid in Sector 22 and constable Mange was arrested red-handed.Another constable Om Parkash was also rounded up in this regard, but later released after the formal questioning. CBI sources said accused Mange was demanding a bribe of Rs 20,000 from Mahajan for sending a report in his favour to Rohini court situated in Delhi. In charge of summon staff, SI Harjeet Singh, was also called on the spot by CBI officials and questioned regarding the corruption in his cell.The Rohini court in Delhi had issued a bailable warrant against Mahajan in connection of a financial dispute. Meanwhile, the bailable warrant was scheduled to be delivered to Mahajan through the summon staff of Chandigarh police and constable Mange started demanding bribe from him.On February 25, CBI had arrested a head constable Vajinder Singh and booked an ASI Desh Raj for accepting bribe of Rs 3,000 from a proclaimed offender (PO) Rupesh Tangri in Sector 46. ASI Desh Raj, who had arrested more than 200 POs is still absconding. Both were also the members of summon staff headed by SI Harjit Singh. However, CBI sleuths have also conducted a raid at the house of constable Mangai Ram in Krishna Nagar Dhakoli, Mohali, and recovered some valuables.Accused Mange Ram did not disclose his real name when he visited the shop of Vipin Mahajan in Sector 22 on March 7. He introduced himself as Chaudhary from summon staff of Chandigarh Police. Complainant Mahajan only came to know about the real name of Chaudhary when CBI team arrested him in Sector 22 on Tuesday. CBI also recovered around 100 summons from SI Harjeet Singh, which revealed that Mange Ram was not supposed to deliver summon to Mahajan. Three members of summon staff have already been arrested for corruption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "warangal", "code": "12255889", "title": "'State will see a dalit CM soon'", "text": "WARANGAL: Deputy chief minister Damodar Rajanarasimha is sure that a dalit leader from the Congress would become the chief minister of the state soon.Speaking to media persons at Kazipet on Tuesday, the deputy chief minister said that dalit community has realized that the dream of a dalit leader becoming CM is not far-off.\"That day will come soon and we are sure a dalit will sit in the chief minister's chair,\" he said.He also said that the community is struggling hard to empower themselves in higher education and working their way up to realize their dreams.About Station Ghanpur by-elections, the deputy chief minister said Congress candidate Rajarapu Pratap would win the seat with a bumper majority.Speaking at the Zaffargadh mandal election meeting, he appealed to the voters to take into account the various welfare schemes implemented by the Congress government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12260248", "title": "Yes, I'm a busy actor now: Randeep Hooda", "text": "Randeep Hooda is a busy actor these days with films like Heroine, Jannat 2, Jism 2, Cocktail, Shooterand few others in his kitty.Quiz him about this and he says with a laugh, \"Yes, Randeep's a busy actor now. But I don't know how good thing it is? I have always faced and done different types of films so that I can explore innovation in my characters.\"There's a rain of sequels in Bollywood these days and few of Randeep's upcoming films like Jism 2, Jannat 2 are on these lines. Ask the actor if it's the dearth of scripts that drives the producers running behind sequels or remakes and he replies, \" Murder had nothing to do with Murder 2 , so are Jannat 2 and Jism 2 . They are sequels in spirit and not in literal sense. We might be lagging behind when it comes to titles, but not in scripts for sure, because it's like a brand name.\"The actor's another film Heroine has been in controversy since the day it has been announced. To this, he says, \"I think the biggest reason for it being talked about so much is that it's a big movie with big star cast and big director like Madhur Bhandarkar . Definitely there's gonna be talks about it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12257244", "title": "BJP and Cong into illegal mining, says Sharad Yadav", "text": "BHOPAL: While slamming the BJP government over the rampant illegal mining in Madhya Pradesh, NDA convenor and Janata Dal (U) president Sharad Yadav said both the BJP and the Congress were responsible for a \"Bellary-like situation\" in the state.\"When it comes to illegal mining, both BJP and the Opposition Congress in MP are hand in glove. That is why illegal mining has attained such a dangerous proportion. The death of IPS officer Narendra Kumar in Morena indicates the clout of the mining mafia\", he told TOI over telephone.Hailing from Hoshangabad, an adjoining district of the state capital, Yadav was the first politician to blow the whistle on illegal mining in Madhya Pradesh and embarrass the BJP, an NDA ally. During his tour of the state last December, the JD (U) chief had drawn the attention of chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan to the rampant and reckless mining going on, especially in tribal-dominated districts of Katni, Mandla and elsewhere, much to the discomfiture of the BJP leadership.\"When I raised this issue, was the Congress in a slumber? No, it is just that its leaders are hand in glove with the state government on this'', he said.\"The congress MLA from Mahakoshal region, Sanjay Pathak, is a big mining magnate\", Yadav said, adding that two to three mountains of stones have vanished in this region, while there were complaints of large scale illegal mining in Sehora area. Yadav had won his first elections to Parliament from Jabalpur Lok Sabha seat, from where he did his graduation in engineering from a government college.\"When I noticed that the mountains have disappeared in and around Katni district, I brought this to the CM's notice. Did the government take any action against Pathak so far? No. Both the parties in MP are in accord and have turned a blind eye to the plunder'', he alleged.About IPS Narendra Kumar Singh's death, he said the faces behind the case need unmasking. \"It is not just a driver who is involved. there may be a bigger hand behind it,\" he said. \"After stone mining mafia, illegal mining of sand is now at its peak in the state. Mafia gangs are also turning violent\", he said, and demanding of the state government to crack the whip to check the plunder of natural resources that could also impact ecology of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12255966", "title": "Govt demands Rs 3.83 lakh as escort charges", "text": "TRICHY: Cameras rolled, the parents of the 10-month-old boy who was kidnapped beamed, and TRICHY police commissioner Shailesh Kumar Yadav heaved a sigh of relief as Sarveswaran was finally traced and brought to the city from Tirupur. Since the time a case was registered at the Ariyamangalam police station in Trichy at 11 am on March 11, the boy's kidnapping had generated a lot of anxiety as the toddler was last seen with his grandfather Marimuthu who was accused of having sold the boy for Rs 30,000.However, the main accused, a certain Kannan who the police suspect might have connections with professional gangs involved in kidnapping children, is still at large. The assistant commissioner of police, V R Srinivasan, under whose supervision three separate police teams had been formed to crack the case, expressed hope that Kannan would be arrested sooner than later. One of Kannan's many wives, Ramya is already in police custody.On March 11, Marimuthu had taken the boy with him as he stepped out of his house in Malaiappanagar for his usual drinking session at a local TASMAC outlet in the morning. It was not clear as to why he had taken the little boy with him as early as 8 am to the outlet that Srinivasan said operated illegally round-the-clock.Marimuthu left the boy in the care of one Venkatesh, but an hour later, the boy and Venkatesh were found missing. When Marimuthu broached the subject to his daughter-in-law Rajeshwari, the latter lost no time in making a complaint at the local police station. Srinivasan explained that Marimuthu, a labourer with the railways, was addicted to alcohol and would go to any extent to get his drinks, even if it meant selling household items, or even bartering away the grandchild.Police immediately traced Venkatesh to a local graveyard near Ariyamangalam who admitted that the child had been passed on to Tirupur-based Kannan a while ago. Police zeroed in on Kannan's associate Ramya in Tirupur on Monday who told the police that Kannan was on the lookout for a baby boy to be sold to one Mariammal, a mother of three daughters who desperately wanted a boy. Srinivasan said Mariammal's mother Sulochana had sought the help of Valarmathi, a child broker having connections with the likes of Kannan. The police have so far arrested seven people including the boy's grandfather Marimuthu. But the kingpin of the gang, suspected to be linked to a larger child-snatching mafia, Kannan and his accomplice Sithan are still at large.Shailesh Yadav told TOI that the case assumes greater significance in the backdrop of the recent kidnappings of children from hospital wards for a price. \"I would not like to presume anything right now, but once Kannan and Sithan are taken into custody, the larger picture would unfold,\" Yadav said. Ashok Kumar , a real estate agent from Malaiyappanagar in Ariyamangalam, the father of Sarveswaran, was all praise for the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12260342", "title": "Ricky Martin returns to Broadway", "text": "Ricky Martin has embarked together with Elena Roger on a \"fascinating trip\" with his return to Broadway in \"Evita\", a work in which he feels comfortable in the skin of 'Che', who, he said, \"can be so many people at the same time\".The 40-year-old singer and Roger, who makes her Broadway debut as Eva Peron, Monday began the previews leading up to the April 5 premiere of this new production of the famous musical by Tim Rice and Andrew Lloyd Webber .Martin, currently sporting a moustache as a means of getting into character for the role, said the same thing is happening in \"Evita\" as in his 1995 Broadway debut in \"Les Miserables\".\"I speak in the name of the people and in 'Les Miserables' I did the same through the character of Marius - there's a similarity,\" he told a crowded press conference after the curtain came down on the first preview presentation of \"Evita\".He also said that speaking for others is something he has done throughout his stage career.\"I've felt emotions onstage that I never felt before, it has strengthened me as a person and as an artist,\" the singer told the press conference held in both English and Spanish.Martin also said that he has come to \"another place mentally, physically, and spiritually right now, and it's been a great journey. I'm here to grow and to learn. It's been a fascinating trip\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12255939", "title": "Gujarat not to get Rs 3K cr in CST compensation", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Central government has not reimbursed Rs 3,000 crore as Central Sales Tax (CST) compensation. Minister of state for finance and industries Saurabh Patel said while speaking on the state budget. He said that the Centre has written a letter to the state that it has finally settled the CST compensation for the state.He said Gujarat is yet to recover Rs 3,000 crore from the Centre. Patel alleged that the central government is doing injustice to the state.\"While Gujarat has to recover Rs 3,000 crore, neighboring state where there is a Congress government has a due of just Rs 68 crore.\"He called upon the state Congress leaders to make representation to the Union government and their party high command and get the Rs 3,000 crore reimbursed.Patel said that the state plan size has increased by 33 per cent and has crossed the Rs 50,000 crore mark. Patel further said that while the share of the state revenue was 37 per cent in the year 2001-02, in the last 10 years this share of the government has increased to 67 per cent.He further said the dependency of the state on grants and other resources was decreasing as they were able to increase their revenue.Congress C K Raulji reminded chief minister of the various promises he had made in the past. He further said that the government talks of vibrancy but the Godhra by pass which is the need of the hour is still pending. He said that the government officials will site non availability of funds, but for the Chief Minister function, the road is resurfaced just ahead of the function. He called that the entire machinery was crippled as all the officials were busy making plans for the various celebrations of state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12255591", "title": "NMC engineers submit report in encroachment case", "text": "NAGPUR: Finally, officials of Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) have moved a step forward in the land encroachment case. On Tuesday, NMC engineers of Dharampeth Zone submitted a report into the alleged encroachment by NMC contractor RM Goplani at Bhagwagar Layout.Goplani has encroached the nazul land worth crores since seven to eight years. The contractor had constructed a store room along with parking place for trucks and tippers on the land coming under jurisdiction of the district administration. The contractor had also encroached street light poles and an internal road. Besides, the labourers working for the contractor are residing in the same place in huts. Though various departments of NMC and district administration are aware of the fact, nothing has been done for such a long time. TOI had exposed the encroachment. Mayor Anil Sole had assured of immediate action as the area comes in his ward, Shankar Nagar/Deekshabhoomi.As per official sources in the NMC, electrical engineer GM Tarapure and sectional engineer GD Mendulkar submited the report to assistant commissioner of Dharampeth Zone Mahesh Moroney. Goplani could not be contacted despite repeated attempts.Meanwhile, a team of district administration inspected the site on Tuesday and is expected to submit a report soon to deputy collector (revenue) Milind Kumar Salve. Collector Saurabh Rao could not be contacted for his comments. Salve assured to investigate the case and take action if encroachment was found on the site.The district administration seems to be negligent towards prime properties coming under its jurisdiction. Parking of Starbuses has been permitted in the historic Kasturchand Park for last two months. The top officials of the district administration are also silent on the land encroachment case on the lines of parking of buses in the prime landmark of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12255937", "title": "Bonanza for fun lovers", "text": "PATNA: Come May and evenings at Golghar, Mahendru Ghat and Gandhi Maidan in the city would become different. Similar will be the case with the archaeological site at Nalanda, Abhishek Pushkarni at Vaishali, Pandu Pokhar at Rajgir and Maya Sarovar at Bodh Gaya, what with the Bihar State Tourism Development Corporation (BSTDC) embarking on a project to start musical fountain shows at all these places and light and sound (LED and laser) shows projecting on water screen at five of these places.Gandhi Maidan in Patna and archaeological site in Nalanda would not have LED and laser shows projected on water screen. \"Developing a water screen is not possible at these places,\" said Navin Kumar, deputy general manager, BSTDC.With this, tourists and other people will have beautiful evening hangouts. \"Funds have been allotted for the project,\" Shailendra Kumar , general manager, BSTDC told TOI.The shows would include a colourful musical fountain dancing on the rhythm of music and LED, laser and video projection on water screen based on the theme of telling the historical importance and background of that particular site.The corporation plans to beautify these places and make seating arrangements there. Once this project is completed, the corporation has planned to introduce ticket system at these places. \"Tickets would be nominal; this is just to regulate the entry,\" said Shailendra Kumar, adding, \"This show would begin after sunset and would continue for around two hours everyday.\"Tenders for setting up, operating and maintaining these shows for the next five years have already been awarded to three companies - BNA Technology (Bangalore), Premier World (Kolkata) and Wiz Craft (Mumbai). These companies have started work and they are developing various stories which would be finalized by the corporation after getting green signal from historians of the state. \"We do not want any factual error,\" said Navin Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12255447", "title": "IT-BHU students write to Kapil Sibal on conversion of institute to IIT", "text": "NEW DELHI: With their future in limbo, about 1,800 students of Institute of Technology, Banaras Hindu University have written to HRD minister Kapil Sibal urging the government to pass the legislation giving their institute legal sanctity. The 'Institutes of Technology (Amendment) bill 2011' has been pending before the Rajya Sabha for almost a year.The students of 2010 and 2011 batches have been waiting for their degrees for a year now thanks to the legislative delay. \"As the bill is getting delayed in the Rajya Sabha, it is creating serious problems for our future careers. The uncertainty over the conversion of IT-BHU to IIT-BHU is also creating an unhealthy academic atmosphere in the campus,'' the letter said. The communication has been signed by all the students.The move to upgrade the institute to an IIT was done after several rounds of consultations and discussions with HRD ministry officials and was passed by Lok Sabha in March 2011.The bill seeks to amend the Institutes of Technology Act, 1961, which declares certain institutes of technology to be institutions of national importance and add eight new IITs in Bhubaneswar, Gandhinagar, Hyderabad, Indore, Jodhpur, Mandi, Patna and Ropar. It also seeks to integrate the Institute of Technology, Banaras Hindu University within the ambit of the Act and is likely to increase its functional autonomy.Speaking in Lok Sabha, Sibal had assured agitated BJP members that Banaras Hindu University would not be bifurcated in the process of giving IIT status to its Institute of Technology. The legislation is also expected to address issues of shortage of staff and quality faculty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12254770", "title": "SC refuses to stay probe against Kripashankar", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Tuesday took charge of the probe into the alleged disproportionate assets of former Mumbai Congress chief Kripashankar Singh and his family members by asking the Mumbai police to file a status report before it.But Singh and his family members, who engaged the services of a battery of senior advocates-Mukul Rohatgi, U U Lalit and former attorney general K Parasaran-got some relief as a bench of Justices H L Dattu and A R Dave stayed the Bombay High Court order directing attachment of the alleged disproportionate assets. However, they were restrained from alienating, transferring or dealing with these moveable and immovable assets in any manner and were asked to file affidavits to this effect within three days.The bench refused to interfere with the HC's directive to Mumbai police commissioner Arup Patnaik to conduct a thorough probe and list the alleged disproportionate assets to unravel the \"rags to riches\" story of Singh and his family, who is alleged to have acquired a large number of houses, flats, plots, agricultural land and expensive cars in a short span of six years between 2004-2010. During the pendency of Singh's appeal against the HC order, the bench indicated that it would monitor the probe by directing Patnaik to file a status report before the apex court. However, it clarified that the police commissioner would not take into account the two earlier interim probe reports filed by the police before the HC.Singh's counsel argued that the HC order was a clear example of judicial excess as the HC could not have ignored the procedure established by law for prosecution of a person. They said the PIL was filed by a political opponent to settle political scores in the judicial arena. The bench said it was a larger question which would have to be dealt with later. \"How can the HC direct the police to obtain sanction for prosecution, when the investigations are not complete,\" the counsel asked. The Mumbai police surprised Singh by taking a belligerent stand to oppose dilution of the HC order.Even as Singh's counsel accused Mumbai police of changing colours by taking a stand quite different from its stand in the HC, police counsel Shekhar Naphade said the investigations had revealed several things and requested the court not to put any fetters on the police from doing a thorough job. The bench said it was not interfering with the investigations but modified the HC order on sanction. It said the police would apply for sanction to prosecute Singh as and when it feels appropriate after completing investigations into the case. Appearing for the PIL petitioner who set the criminal law in motion against Singh, advocates Prashant Bhushan and Aparna Bhat with intermittent advice from senior advocate Ram Jethmalani, said the HC had followed correct procedures as Singh and his family members had amassed assets in a gross manner.Bhushan said Singh's wife was allegedly not employed and did not earn a penny but it was told to the police that she got Rs 1 crore from forward trading transactions. About Singh's son, the counsel said he was a pilot with a salary of Rs 1 lakh a month for two years, but owned three BMW cars. Though initially the bench ordered that there would be no stay on properties already attached, Rohatgi said it would be against the spirit of the law to do so. He said Singh and his family members would file an affidavit within 24 hours to undertake not to alienate the property. The bench agreed and stayed the HC order directing attachment of the alleged disproportionate assets and immoveable properties.It also asked Singh and his family members to file affidavits within three days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12259167", "title": "Sonu Nigam, Bickram Ghosh team up", "text": "The singer and tabla player Bickram Ghosh swill compose music for a film for the first timeAnd now Mirror has learnt that singer Sonu Nigam has paired up with Bickram Ghosh, a tabla player who dabbles in both Hindustani classical as well as fusion music to turn music director for a feature film for the very first time.The film in question is Shekhar Ghosh's Sooper Se Ooper and Sonu and Bickram will be composing the music for it.Sonu confirmed the news, saying, \"Yes, Bickram and I have teamed up. We are very strict about what kind of projects we will do. When Shekhar narrated the script, it was something we couldn't say no to. In fact, when you talk to Shekhar, he will tell you that I heard the script more number of times than the lead actor.\"Why such a step at this juncture of his career? Sonu said in his defence, \"I think today, the scenario in the music industry has changed. Earlier, there was a lot of filmipana in people and working with them wasn't my cup of tea. Today, it is lot better. Also, the paradigm shift in 2009, when I shifted to America, living there alone, disconnected with everyone, I heard a lot of different kind of music there and it helped me understand how to put together different types of music as I am used to programming.\"He added that Bickram and he are simultaneously working on another film Jal directed by Girish Malik although they are not sure which one will hit the floors first.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12256285", "title": "Revolt in Uttarakhand: Only party can bail out Bahuguna", "text": "NEW DELHI: Since 17 of the 32 Congress MLAs revolted against Uttarakhand chief minister Vijay Bahuguna right at the time of his swearing-in on Tuesday , there is a question mark on the stability of the government despite all the safeguards in the anti-defection .It will be of little consolation to Bahugana that the rebels are all liable to be disqualifiedif they do notin the near future support his confidence motion in the House. Given the precarious arithmeticof theUttarakhand assembly , Bahuguna too may have to step down in the event of losing the vote of confidence .His best bet therefore is that before the day of reckoning , the high command resolves what he is downplaying as \"the Congress party's internal matter\" . In the circumstances , any recourse to the Tenth Schedule of the Constitution , which is the formal name of the anti-defection law , may hurt both him and the rebel MLAs.Under the anti-defection law ,the question of disqualifying a legislator can arise only when he has voluntarily given up membership of the Congress party or he votes in the House defying the party whip . This, in the case of Uttarakhand , means that by the time the anti-defection law kicks in , Bahuguna would have already been reduced to the head of a minority government . With the depletion of 17 out of 32 MLAs from the Congress legislature party , the BJP with 31 MLAs will be entitled to stake a claim to take over the government from Bahuguna .The situation could have been worse for Bahuguna if the rebels still had the option of splitting the legislature party , as provided in the original anti-defection law of 1985 . An amendment made in 2003 has however repealed the provision that allowed at least one-third of the members of a legislature party to bring about a split .The only option available under the current law has raised the bar for defectors as they have to fulfill two stiff conditions . One , they have to constitute at least two-thirds of the strength of the legislature party . Two, they have to merge with another party . Given the onerous nature of these conditions , the incidence of defections has come down since 2003 .It's also ironic that the revolt in Uttarakhand has happened even before the appointment of the speaker , who is the sole authority empowered to take decisions under the anti-defection law . But then , there is nothing yet for the speaker to adjudicate upon .Uttarakhand Assembly Elections 2012Election 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12258784", "title": "Yash Raj Films going South with Band Baaja", "text": "The 2010 Yash Raj hit will be remade in Telugu, Tamil and Kannada with fresh faces in the lead. Up next is the Abhi-Rani starrer Bunty aur BabliMirror was the first to tell you how Yash Raj Films (YRF) has floated a South Indian division to remake its own hits into South Indian languages.The latest on that front is that the division, recently christened YRF Deccan, has zeroed in on the banner's 2010 success Band Baaja Baaraat to head south. The film starred the fresh pair of Ranveer Singh and Anushka Sharma and was well received, especially among younger audiences.A YRF spokesperson confirmed the news and said, \"We are seriously looking at remaking Band Baaja Baaraat in the South but haven't firmed up any plans yet.\"Meanwhile, a source revealed to Mirror, \"Ever since Band Baaja Baaraat stormed the box office, many filmmakers from the south have approached the production house to buy the rights of the film. However, YRF has never sold the making rights of any of their films.People always talk about how South Indian films are remade in Hindi but a little known fact is that lots of South Indian films too are a remake of Hindi films.\" It was only when Aditya Chopra realised this huge potential of the South Indian market that he set up YRF Deccan, appointing Padam Kumar as the head since he is a known producer in the south and understands the market better. Besides, Kumar has also directed Champion and Supari in 2000 and 2003, respectively.\"Band Baaja Baaraat will be remade in three different languages: Telugu, Tamil and Kannada, and the film will be going on floors soon. Yes, it might see new faces in the lead. The casting process has already started. And the next film to follow suit might well be Bunty aur Babli and they are exploring the possibility of remaking Dil To Pagal Hai too.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12253614", "title": "200 million Indians have no TV, phone or radio", "text": "NEW DELHI: One-sixth of the country, or 200 million Indians, don't possess any of the most basic assets like a transistor or TV, phone, vehicle of any kind or a computer. In three states - Arunachal Pradesh , Nagaland and MP- close to a third of the households own none of these assets.On Tuesday, the registrar general of India released the final figures for the first phase of Census 2011, known as the Houselisting and Housing Census. The data shows how India lives - how many people to a house, how they light their houses and where they get their water from, and some of the things they own.The Census measures ownership of five assets - radio/transistors, television, telephone, computer and mode of transport. The proportion of households which own a radio has fallen, almost at the same rate at which the proportion of households with a TV has risen. Yet, there remains a stark difference between TV penetration in rural and urban India: Just one third of rural households own a TV set, while over 75% of urban households own one. TV penetration is highest in Delhi (88%), followed by Tamil Nadu (87%), Punjab, Chandigarh and Puducherry. Bihar has by far the lowest TV penetration of any state at just 15%.2011 is the first year that the Census is counting mobile and landline use separately, and the numbers show that telephony in India is overwhelmingly about mobile phones. While 63% of households owned a phone, 53% owned a mobile phone only and another 6% owned both a landline and a mobile phone. Over half of rural households and three-quarters of urban households now own a mobile phone.Here too, there's considerable regional variation; east and north-east India have low telephone density, with Chhattisgarh and Orissa being the country's worst. Delhi, Chandigarh, Goa, Lakshadweep and Kerala all have a tele-density close to 90%About 20% of urban households and 5% of rural households now own a computer or laptop. Internet penetration at the household level follows further behind - just 1% of rural households own a computer with internet, and 8% of urban households. Chandigarh, Delhi and Goa are the only states or union territories with household internet penetration above 10%; it is under 1% in Bihar.Close to half of India owns no means of transport. Just 5% of households own a car, 21% own a two-wheeler and 45% own a bicycle (some would own more than one of these).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12257199", "title": "One held for theft", "text": "PUNE: The Shivajinagar police on Monday night arrested a labourer for allegedly attempting to commit theft at the Ghole Road ward office of the PMC. Police said the suspect, Kanappa Sharnappa Bhandari (24) from Karnataka, was staying on the premises of the office. When PMC officials were registering the case, the suspect was already in police custody.Residents of a society near the ward office had caught him for behaving suspiciously and handed him over to the police. Senior police inspector Pandharinath Patil of the Shivajinagar police station said, \"During interrogation, Bhandari revealed his involvement in the theft attempt at the ward office,\" Patil said. \"He had broken into the office while he was under the influence of alcohol,\" Patil added. Pravin Ashtikar, PMC election officer, had said on Monday that nothing had been stolen from the ward office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12254825", "title": "CBI officials attacked by Chhattisgarh cops", "text": "NEW DELHI: In an incident showing it is not just the Naxals but the Chhattisgarh government's answer to them - the Special Police Officers -- too that add to lawlessness in the state, the CBI has demanded protection from SPOs for its team sent to the state upon orders of the Supreme Court.The CBI has filed an affidavit in SC saying its officers were attacked by SPOs (now members of the District Auxiliary Force as assistant police constables) and had to be rescued by the CRPF which lobbed cluster bombs and fired in the air to help the surrounded CBI officers escape a mob of SPOs in Dornapal after even the local police officers failed to protect them.A CBI team had gone to Chhattisgarh in September 2011 on the apex court's orders to investigate the attack on the convoy of Swami Agnivesh in March 2011. While narrating the incident in detail, the CBI demanded security cover to send the team back to complete its investigations.The CBI has requested the SC to ensure that the state government provides \"adequate safety and security arrangements for the CBI team\" so that the inquiry under orders of the apex court \"can be complied with and the lives of CBI officials, performing their duties, in compliance of the court orders are not exposed to danger again\".The CBI said that upon the death of one of their comrades, SPOs armed with automatic weapons and hand grenades rushed at its officers believing they were involved. Fearing for their safety, the local police asked them to hole up in a room for safety. The room was secured by the CBI officers by placing almirahs and beds against the door. The officers remained locked up while the armed SPOs banged on the door in an attempt to break it down and get the officers out.The SPOs even manhandled the Superintendent of Police (Sukma) and other police personnel at the site. The CRPF finally rescued them but then the CBI notes, \"Firing from automatic weapons started from all directions. Intermittent firing continued for about 1-2 hours and the CRPF had to fire 3 para bombs and several rounds in retaliation.\"The CBI officers were then rescued and taken by helicopter to Raipur.\"Keeping in view the scenario, it does not appear safe for the CBI team to visit the most Naxal affected interior areas till fool-proof security arrangements are made for them,\" the agency said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12256118", "title": "Civic body budgets Rs 452cr for 2012-13", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Bhubaneswar municipal corporation (BMC) on Tuesday passed budget of nearly Rs 452 crore for the 2012-13 fiscal even as bulk of the funds allocated for ward development here in 2011-12 remained unutilized.Repair and renovation of roads and drains topped the agenda in the budget with an allocation of around Rs 90 crore. \"While Rs 82 crore has been earmarked for roads, Rs 9.5 crore has been kept for drains. We will ensure that all roads and drains in the city are properly maintained,\" BMC commission Vishal Dev said.For overall development of the Capital city, BMC has made budgetary provision of around Rs 126 crore this fiscal as against Rs 42 crore in the last fiscal. Budgetary provision for solid waste management stood at nearly Rs 26 crore compared to last year's allocation of Rs 22 crore. BMC's revenue receipt expectation for 2012-13 fiscal went down compared to 2011-12. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12255775", "title": "Manure made from garbage to be in market by April end", "text": "VARANASI: Manure manufactured from the garbage collected in the city was supposed to hit the market on April 1, but now it is being said that the packets of manure will be available for general public by the last week of April. According to Kailash Shukla of Uttar Pradesh Jal Nigam, who is looking after the much-awaited project of solid waste recycler which is being set up on a 38-acre land in Kadsada area, the pre-sorting machines are currently being installed in the plant.\"It was expected that all the machines will be installed by February last and for one complete month, manure will be prepared out of the garbage, but due to assembly elections in the state and holidays due to Holi festival, the work has been delayed,\" said Shukla.He added, \"Prior to this, many machines needed for running the plant could not arrive on time which further delayed the work.\" According to him, the machines were purchased from companies based in New Delhi and Hyderabad.According to him, nearly all the machines that were delayed have now arrived. \"Pre-sorting work will start in around 15 days and solid waste which is currently dumped at Seer Govardhan and Tenghada crossing will be brought to the plant. We will begin manufacturing manure from March last. Nearly 600 metric tonnes of waste will be processed each day,\" said Shukla.According to him, the packets of manufactured manure will be available in the retail market after April 25. And then, the work of generating electricity will be taken up.Shukla said further, \"Work on all other units like quality control, compost processing shade, compost puring shade, high mast, weighing bridge, water supply, interim roads, store rooms have already been completed and after one month of manufacturing manure, the process of generating electricity will start from April.\"It is noteworthy that the project was started in August 2010 with a sanctioned budget of Rs 4,867.73 lakh with an expected deadline of September 2011. According to Shukla, incessant rainfall in the entire region last year affected the construction work of roads and building including the segregation unit, and the tentative deadline for the completion of the project was rescheduled as December 31, 2011.The ambitious plant which will convert solid waste generated in the city into manure and power was proposed under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) in 2010 and for that, a Gurgaon-based company A2Z has been collecting solid waste and garbage from door-to-door in all 90 wards of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12255145", "title": "Strike, illness no ground for adjournment: Court", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court has ruled that hearing in a criminal trial cannot be adjourned on the basis of lawyers' strike, lawyer's illness or simultaneous engagement in another case. Justice Sudhir Kumar Saxena said that speedy trial is fundamental right of the parties and delay in trial causes immense harm to the society as a whole.The order came while dismissing a petition seeking recall of prosecution witnesses in a murder trial. The court said that ample opportunities had been given to the accused Dildar and others and hence there was no reason to recall the witnesses Balakram and Surendra Pal who had identified the skeleton and clothes of the deceased.The court also expressed concern on the petty dietary allowance being given to a witness. The court ridiculed the allowance, which is between Rs 10 and 15 as provided under the General Rule (Criminal). \"It is not sufficient even for snakes, what to say for meal,\" said Justice Saxena, directing the registrar general and principal secretary (judicial) to take steps to raise the amount, as per the existing need. The court directed the district judges to ensure the safety and security of the witnesses in the court premises. \"If violence takes place, it should be immediately taken care of and police be immediately moved to arrest the culprits and bring them to justice irrespective of the position, whether they are pairokar(representative) of the litigants, lawyers or police personnel,\" observed the court.HC summons action taken report on removal of dairies: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court on Tuesday has summoned the action taken report from the district police and administration regarding the removal of cattle dairies from the residential and posh areas of the city. A bench of Justice Uma Nath Singh and Justice VK Dixit pulled up the officials of police and district administration for their laxity and directed them to furnish the action taken report on March 14 in the court.CBI seeks two months to complete probe in CMOs' murders: The CBI on Tuesday moved an application before the Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court seeking additional two-month time to complete investigations in connections with murders of CMOs Dr VK Arya and Dr BP Singh. The application is likely to come up for hearing on March 15. The court had handed over the matter from local police to CBI on July 27, 2011 with direction to complete the probe within three months.The CBI had earlier also successfully sought extension of time. In the application, the CBI had said that 150 witnesses have been examined. The central agency also said that it has collected 130 documents during the probe and lifted exhibits and samples, some report of which is still awaited from the Central Forensic Science Laboratory, Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12255929", "title": "Truant GTU students get lifeline with assignments", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat Technological University (GTU) has offered students assignments to make up for insufficient attendance! The move has been made to salvage 124 careers of PhD students whose exam forms had been rejected recently citing insufficient attendance.Of the 194 students registered with the university for PhD in different subjects of engineering, pharmacy, management and computer applications, only 70 students had the 75 per cent qualifying attendance. Exam forms of the rest were withheld.Now, the GTU is offering them option of completing one assignment each and submit it to their guides. If the students complete the assignment within the stipulated time, they will be allowed to take the exam in April.Ironically, the GTU registrar G P Vadodaria said that the attendance for PhD students is not very important and the stress is mainly on the research. The GTU is celebrating research week. \"The attendance is required but it is not of supreme importance as in case of undergraduate and postgraduate students as there is no issue of loss of an academic year with these students,\" said Vadodaria.Meanwhile, the GTU campus was abuzz as undergraduate students took exception to the partisan attitude of the GTU. There were also murmurs of PhD students being accommodated as many of them have top officials of GTU as their guides. \"The rules and regulations should be same for all. We should also be offered the option of doing extra assignments to make up for insufficient attendance,\" UG students said.The PhD students have to appear for first semester exam for which they are required to attend lectures over the weekend every Saturday and Sunday which are conducted by the GTU. Most students are lecturers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12257344", "title": "Diamond workers to agitate against professional tax", "text": "SURAT: Diamond workers plan to launch an agitation in the city against professional tax. Over 500 small unit owners on Tuesday gave a memorandum to their respective association urging that a representation be made to Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) to exempt diamond workers from the levy of professional tax.They said it was improper to levy professional tax on diamond workers of small units who were already under pressure to pay property and other taxes. They argued that professional tax had also been deducted from the earnings of those diamond workers who remained unemployed for a long time. They argued that when diamond workers of Amreli, Bhavnagar and Junagadh were not paying professional tax, then why should those in Surat made to pay.Surat Diamond Association (SDA) said it will make a representation on behalf of the industry to SMC.However, the unit holders said that if they don't get a positive reply, then they will start an agitation over the issue. Professional tax has to be paid by everyone who is employed or is earning in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12255780", "title": "Passport Seva Kendra comes up in district", "text": "VARANASI: The first modern Passport Seva Kendra (PSK) of east UP region came into existence in the city in Mahmoorganj area on Monday. However, it will still take a few days to become operational.The Union ministry of foreign affairs, in association with Tata Consultancy Services , has established its PSK here that was formally inaugurated by additional secretary of the ministry K N Srivastava.The passport granting officer and nodal officer of PSK (Lucknow), Mahesh Mishra, said that the process to link computers at the centre with the computers at headquarters for online services is in progress and it would take a couple of days to complete. After the completion of this process, the centre would be opened for applicants.With the opening of PSK in Varanasi, it is expected that the problems faced by passport seekers would end.The applicants from 10 districts of this region including Chandauli, Jaunpur, Ghazipur, Mau, Azamgarh, Ballia, Bhadohi, Mirzapur and Sonbhadra can utilise this centre to seek passport. The officials said that all the formalities required to get a passport will be completed at this centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12255474", "title": "Woman 'assaulted' by RPF personnel at Sealdah", "text": "KOLKATA: A Railway Protection Force officer and his subordinate allegedly assaulted a woman when she inquired about her husband who was picked up by RPF men from Sealdah station on March 10. The woman also alleged that when she went to GRP at Sealdah, they refused to lodge a complaint against the RPF personnel.Uma Yadav, a resident of Guri Para Road of Beliaghata, said she went to Sealdah station along with her husband Harender Yadav in the afternoon of March 10. \"Harender was supposed to board the Balia Express. It was scheduled to leave Platform 9B at 1.25pm. Harender and Uma reached the station by 1pm,\" said Harender's brother Binod.\"Suddenly, a group of youths, one of whom introduced himself as RPF inspector Anupam Kumar, accosted my husband and dragged him towards the RPF booth,\" alleged Uma. She alleged that when she asked the policemen about her husband's fault, they just kicked and slapped her.Binod said they were informed about the matter by Uma. Till late at night, they failed to trace Harender. Meanwhile Uma fell ill with abdominal pain. \"Unable to find my husband, I went to GRP station but they refused to register my complaint,\" alleged Uma in her written complaint submitted to Director General of Railway Police. Uma claimed that she had to be admitted to NRS Medical College and Hospital. Later on Monday, she met DR (Rail) Dilip Mitra who asked his officers to take adequate action on the complaint.A senior RPF officer said: \"The initial inquiry revealed that Yadav was not arrested by Anupam Kumar. He wasarrested for illegal possession of railway properties under Railway Protection (Unlawful Possession) Act by RPF Inspector BK Nandi from Bidhannagar station.\"The RPF officer said if some of their officers are found guilty for assaulting the woman, then action will be taken against them.Binod Yadav, however, claimed that his brother is a reputed trader and RPF officers are trying to frame him as he refused to meet their 'demand\". Senior GRP officers assured that they are probing the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12257075", "title": "Minister fails to break Ganga stir deadlock", "text": "VARANASI: Union minister Sriprakash Jaiswal, who arrived in the city as the messenger of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to convince the scientist-turned-seer Swami Gyan Swaroop Sanand to end his fastunto-death stir, failed in his mission on Tuesday evening.After over an hour meeting with Swami Sanand and Swami Avimukteshwaranand Saraswati, the coordinator of GSA and disciple of Shankaracharya of Jyotish and Dwarka Sharda Peeth Swami Swarupanand Saraswati, at SPG Hospital's emergency ward, the minister admitted: \"Had I succeeded, the seer would have ended his stir.\"After entering the hospital Jaiswal initially met Swami Sanand and then he, along with Avimukteshwaranand, went to other room where they held a closed-door meeting and discussed all the demands of seer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12256701", "title": "Water is a mirage in these new urban villages", "text": "BANGALORE: Despite being an entity of Greater Bangalore for more than two years, villages on the outskirts of the city don't have a basic commodity: water. The newly added 110 villages are yet to get the promised Cauvery water supply, with authorities citing various reasons for the delay in completion of the project. The villages which once depended on neighbouring lakes can't do so now due to high pollution in the water bodies. The pollution is thanks to sewage water from the city flowing into the lakes. Compounding the villages' woes is the fact that group housing complexes are allegedly indiscriminately digging borewells thereby exploiting the ground water table.Doddabidarakallu\"Development on the outskirts has a negative impact on us. The big apartments coming up in our areas have drilled many borewells and that has affected the ground water situation in the entire village. Having no Cauvery water supply, we depend on borewells which have now dried up,\" says Sudarshan MR, a banker.BilekahalliThe village near Bannerghatta Road with many IT parks and residential hubs has no water supply. Some residential areas in the layout are connected with Cauvery water, but over 10,000 households in the area depend on groundwater. Interestingly, the ward houses the Kodichikkanahalli reservoir that supplies water to the south of Bangalore.\"Despite having the reservoir in my ward, we do not get Cauvery water supply at all. I get minimum of 10 calls every day on water woes. It is tough to answer the calls of angry residents as there is no readymade solution for water crisis,\" Roopa Ramesh, corporator of Bilekahalli, pointed out.KR PuramFor retired Captain C Kasinathan, who lives in Brindavan Layout of KR Puram, drinking water has been a mirage. \"Imagine seven persons managing with just one tanker of 4,000 litres for three days. Water is always on our mind. We pay taxes and pay cess for getting civic amenities, but still don't get water. Unless the water supply works are speeded up, it will be impossible to continue to live here,\" says Kasinathan.He is one among the residents who has been complaining to BWSSB about groundwater pollution in his area due to sewage water flowing into his layout from the city. Installation of the BWSSB drinking water pipeline has been pending for four years, he adds. ThindluComing under the constituency of Byatarayanapura, near Hebbal, the village was added to the BBMP in 2009.It was a shock for Meenal Paul, a homemaker who shifted her residence from Mahalakshmi Layout to an apartment in Thindlu, as her water filter failed to filter the borewell water.\"We changed the water purifier a year ago, soon after shifting to the new house in Thindlu as our water filter couldn't process the borewell water. We now opt for the reverse osmosis process to purify the water. There is no Cauvery water so far, but it's high time civic agencies took care of the newly added wards,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12253771", "title": "Revolt erupts in Uttarakhand as Harish Rawat denied CM post", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress's victory in Uttarakhand soured on Tuesday with a full blown revolt threatening the brand new government of Vijay Bahuguna. Bahuguna's hasty swearing in as chief minister was marred by the absence of 24 party MLAs. Just eight party MLAs attended it. Most of those who stayed away did so in support of senior leader Harish Rawat's protest against his candidature bring overlooked.It is estimated that of these 17 MLAs have turned rebels who are still not willing to heed the party leadership's placatory moves. Sensing an opportunity where none existed, BJP moved in and is trying to cash in on the discontent. BJP sources confirmed that the party was even open to the idea of supporting a government of Congress rebels.The whole issue has now taken strong caste overtones and is being painted as the rajput versus brahmin fight. Rawat, a rajput, has been overlooked twice - the first time in 2002 when he lost out to veteran leader N D Tiwari, a brahmin like Bahuguna. The fact that the state's demography has changed and rajputs are today a clear majority has added to the group's sense of deprivation.Bahuguna's choice is seen as a complete surprise and Rawat, an ultra party loyalist, was taken aback by it. He stayed put in Delhi and his flock's revolt has raised serious questions about the viability of the Bahuguna government. Even if the leadership succeeds in hammering out a compromise by offering Rawat's men plum ministries, it is likely to be a wobbly arrangement.Although Rawat is unlikely to walk out, his camp expects to garner a lion's share of ministries and \"political space\" in the state organizational set up. This can mean the state unit chief's post as also a possible elevation for Rawat at the Centre. After staying away from Parliament on Tuesday despite holding the parliamentary affairs portfolio, Rawat's movement on Wednesday will be an indicator on the progress of a compromise, if any.Bahuguna was sworn-in on Tuesday without being elected leader of the Congress legislative party - a ritual that is always observed even when the leader is chosen at the high command's behest. Coming so soon after bruising losses in state polls in Punjab, Goa and UP, the rebellion in Uttarakhand spells more trouble for the Congress.Apart from Rawat, who made no secret of his unhappiness, other senior state leaders like Harak Singh Rawat and Indira Hridayesh were conspicuously absent after meeting Harish Rawat. The low attendance at the swearing-in ceremony served to bolster the Harish Rawat camp's claim that it enjoys majority support of Congress legislators and the leader has the credentials to be CM.A peeved Rawat is lso learnt to have written to Congress president Sonia Gandhi registering his protest. Congress managers like commerce minister Anand Sharma and health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad worked overtime to mollify Rawat and while the latter indicated he would not snap ties with the party, the stage seems set for some tough negotiations over the composition of the new ministry - a process that can only deepen factional divides.The mood of Rawat's residence, where drumbeats and sloganeering continued through the day with a chunk of party MLAs camping there, put Congress on the defensive. Congress was forced to go ahead with Bahuguna's swearing in although MLAs - in a fairly unprecedented action - chose to ignore party diktats.A cautious Rawat, however, assured the party by setting limits to his rebellion, saying \"his protest would respect the four walls of party loyalty\". \"I am the balikavadhu (child bride) of Congress,\" he said to quell speculation stoked by reports of a midnight meeting between him and BJP chief Nitin Gadkari. He denied the meeting as did his loyalist MP Pradeep Tamta.While an archetypal loyalist like Rawat could have been fatalistic about leadership glossing over his claim to the top post, he appeared under severe pressure from his loyalist MLAs who kept him awake through Monday night and threatened to desert him \"if he compromised again\".AICC general secretaries Birender Singh and Azad had during their interaction with MLAs said they would choose a leader from among them. \"The choice of an MLA would have eliminated Rawat. But it is a clear betrayal that you pick an MP and that too Bahuguna who is not a patch on Rawat in terms of political roots,\" Tamta said.The Uttarakhand crisis threatened Congress by being more than mere wrangling over CM's post. Observers felt it could have serious implications for the delicate caste balance in the state. The thumbs down to a \"deserving Rawat\" by plumping for Bahuguna does not appear to have gone down well with Rajputs, the dominant caste group.It was not a coincidence that outgoing leader of opposition Harak Singh Rawat, himself a contender till yesterday, threw his weight behind Harish Rawat, camping at his residence along with other legislators. \"It is a flawed decision,\" he said.The sense of hurt among the group was palpable, notwithstanding the fact that Rawat has support across the caste divide. In the 12 years since being carved out of Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand has seen just one Thakur CM in Bhagat Singh Koshiyari for a brief period and principal parties, both BJP and Congress, have come up with Brahmin leaders to lead them.Uttarakhand Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12255963", "title": "Three students nabbed for running illegal SIM card trade", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Vastrapur police caught three youths near Himalaya Mall on Monday night for selling SIM cards without any documents. The police investigators seized 100 SIM cards and have started search for the kingpin in the case.According to officials, a team of surveillance squad got a tip-off that a group was selling already activated SIM cards near Himalaya Mall on Monday. Working on the information, the team reached the spot and arrested Jaydeep Denadiya, 19, a resident of Chandlodia, Kishor Patel, 21, a resident of Nirnaynagar, and Maulik Sathwara, 20, a resident of Ranip, from the spot.\"The trio was found in possession of 100 SIM cards belonging to various cellular services. The cards were already activated and ready to use. The SIM cards were available for Rs 35 each. Jaydeep told us that they are all students, working to earn some pocket money. They got the cards from a youth identified as Ravi who owns a mobile shop in Chandlodia. He offered half the amount of sales on each card as their intake. The group used to sell them primarily to youngsters searching for cards with various offers,\" said a Vastrapur police official.Investigators said that the trio does not seem to be directly involved in the scam. \"The cards are either procured fraudulently or have been sold illegally. We have informed cellular companies about the incident and have sought details for the numbers. We believe that Ravi procured the cards on his name and also registered fake identities for activation. Such cards can be dangerous as it can be used by criminals for illegal activities,\" the official said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-14"}
