{"city": "kochi", "code": "14556424", "title": "Why should men have all the fun?", "text": "KOCHI: Women in Kerala were averse to the idea of walking past a gym, let alone, visit one a decade ago. The thought of seeing scantily clad men showing off their muscles and staring at women gave them a shudder. Not any longer, they not only walk past gyms but spent a considerable amount of time in it. \"Why only men? We also need to be fit and trim,\" said Sneha Vijay, explaining why she joined a gym.The makeover of gyms during the past five years has prompted women to explore the fitness angle. \"Earlier, gyms were a man's domain. But the concept of gym has undergone an overhaul in the recent past. Gyms have evolved into fitness centres. That explains why a lot of women are regulars these days,\" said Vimal Vincent, who runs a gym in Thoppumpady. The transformation from a shed with just dumbbells and weights to air-conditioned rooms filled with the latest fitness equipment has changed public perception. This ambience has attracted women clients.\"My husband used to go to a gym. He asked me to join one and my primary reason was to shed weight. But more than losing weight, my personality went through a transformation and now I'm a regular for the past five years. Today, I am more confident, fit and energetic. Also, I look better than I did five years ago,\" quipped Parvathy Sreenivasan, a housewife from Mattancherry.Women are not insecure about going to a gym so much so that many of them don't even insist on having a female trainer. \"I used to go to a gym where I had a lady trainer. Somehow, I never liked her training methods. Now I visit a gym where there are only male trainers. Since the time I prefer is exclusively slotted for female members, I don't feel insecure. Moreover, I think male trainers are far better,\" said Jency Jacob.With more and more women hitting the gym, some have started having happy hours for ladies wherein they can go to a gym when their husband and kids are at office and school respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14543186", "title": "Jumbos add to the woes of flood-hit island residents", "text": "GUWAHATI: The worries of the people of Majuli in Jorhat district is far from over. While the floods have been creating havoc in the river island, they are also troubled by herds of wild elephants.In order to escape the floods, wild elephant are moving to elevated lands, where the people of Majuli are also taking shelter. The number of jumbos has now swelled up to 70. At times, the elephants come close to places where the flood-affected people have taken shelter, triggering panic among the island residents.\"The presence of elephants is only adding to our woes. We have been spending sleepless nights,\" said Junumai Regan, a resident of Kartik Chapori in Majuli.Officials said the elephants have come from the nearby Mulai reserved forest and are unable to move out of Kartik Chari because of the floods.\"We have to be on constant vigil on the movement of elephants. Although the herd has been quite composed so far, there is a danger of them becoming unruly when they are threatened. On Saturday, an elephant walked away quite far from the herd, triggering panic among the residents,\" Haren Saikia, one of the forest guards deployed at Kartik Chapori, said.Residents of the area said along with the damages to their properties by floods, elephants have also flattened their houses in search of food. \"On one side, flood waters submerged my house and on the other side, all the rice I stored were eaten up by elephants. We are waging a twin battle,\" Junumai added.In Kaziranga too, a large number of animals moved out of the park to elevated grounds. About 70 per cent of of Kaziranga is under water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14542811", "title": "Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation notice to Chinchwad burial ground contractor", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) has sent a show-cause notice to the contractor looking after the burial ground in Chinchwad for negligence in maintenance work. Municipal commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi said he inspected the burial ground and found many faults in maintenance work, following which the health department issued a show-cause notice to the contractor.Pardeshi said, \"The waiting shed was not clean. Urinals were not maintained properly. Buffaloes were found sitting in the premises and dung was scattered inside. Therefore, the medical officer of health has been directed to send a show-cause notice to the contractor.\"He added: \"The contractors are duty bound to abide by the contract and maintain the security and cleanliness at the burial grounds and crematoriums. We will wait for his response for a few days. If there is no improvement, we will take strict action against him.\"The ground popularly known as Virshaiv Lingayat burial ground and Ananddham crematorium, is located near Autocluster in Chinchwad.A D Jagdale, medical officer of health, said, \"The department has sent notice to the contractor four days ago. The contractor has agreed to maintain the burial ground properly and also given a written undertaking about it. He has started taking steps for proper maintenance of the ground.\"A civic official said there are seven burial grounds in Pimpri-Chinchwad and the civic body has appointed contractors to maintain them, provide security and keep them clean.Maruti Bhapkar, social activist and former independent corporator, said, \"This burial ground and crematorium suffer from negligence of the contractor. The compound wall is of inferior quality, so portions of it collapse regularly due to which buffaloes and other animals enter the premises. Alcoholics and others also misuse the premises.\"He alleged that contractors at almost all the burial grounds and crematoriums do not deploy staff as per the agreement.He added: \"Half of the premises of this burial ground and crematorium will be lost in the widening of the road for proposed Kalewadi phata-Dehu Alandi road. I have demanded that the civic administration give equal land near Autocluster or the proposed city centre and then start the work on widening the road.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14538569", "title": "Locals of Nai Sadak block road", "text": "KANPUR: The city faced power rostering for four hours at a stretch from 11.30am to 3pm on Saturday. It also affected water supply in many localities.Severe power rostering had forced the people to take to streets. On Friday, the residents of Nai Sadak came out on roads after Friday prayers and blocked it. They were demanding power supply. The police had to intervene and convince the agitators to leave the road. The people were protesting that there was no electricity in the area for past couple of days. They rued that the power faults occurring in the locality were not attended urgently.They were annoyed with the Kesco staff posted at Parade, Bijli Ghar and Latouche Road blaming that these employees do not respond to their complaints.The locals were forced to fetch water from the handpumps. Long queues were witnessed at handpumps throughout the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14537061", "title": "Tuition teacher held for theft", "text": "MARGAO: Curchorem police on Saturday arrested Jennifer Fernandes of Kalay-Sanguem on charges of stealing a gold chain from the house of Rosy Vaz, also from Kalay.Police said that Fernandes was a tutor to Vaz's son. \"On June 27, when she had come to the victim's house, Fernandes, realizing that nobody was watching her, opened the cupboard and made off with a gold chain,\" a police official said. The theft came to light only on June 28, following which Vaz lodged a police complaint suspecting Fernandes as the culprit. Police swung into action and arrested Fernandes, who, after initial denial, admitted to the crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14521737", "title": "Bol Bachchan: Court raps the producers for dud cheques", "text": "One of the leading production houses in Bollywood is in serious legal and financial muddle. Ashtavinayak, the producers of money churners such as Jab We Met and the Golmaal franchise were dragged to court by financer Raju Shah after they failed to clear his dues of Rs 41 crore and several cheques were dishonoured.On Friday the Bombay High Court pronounced the company a 'defaulter,' and directed Ashtavinayak to disclose all its agreements signed for Bol Bachchan . According to the court order (copy with this newspaper), Shah is also entitled to Ashtavinayak's earnings from Bol Bachchan and its various rights, since their cheques to him have bounced. Besides, the company has been barred from selling its shares of five subsidiary companies, till Shah's dues are cleared. If that was not enough, Shah is now moving court that Ashtavinayak's other assets including properties and film copyrights should be attached.TOI (June 25) broke the story of how the Bol Bachchan imbroglio (we have a copy of the letter from Ashtavinayak to Shah saying all dues would be cleared before Bol Bachchan releases) had landed the company in legal and financial muddle.Confirming the developments, advocate Rajeev Narula who argued on behalf of Shah told TOI, \"Bombay High Court has passed the order, it is dated June 26, 2012.\" What if Ashtavinayak does not comply? Said Rajeev, \"They have no choice.\"Speaking to this paper, soon after the Court ruled the verdict in his favour, Shah's son, Yash said: \"We fail to understand how can a company which earned so much with the Golmaal franchise and Jab We Met not clear its dues.\" Shah considers the court ruling as a moral victory. \"I am relieved, justice has been done,\" he said.When contacted, Rupen Amlani, a senior member from board of Ashtavinayak's directors, refused to comment. However a spokesperson of the company said: \"No amount is due and payable to Raju Shah. That is why the court has not stopped the movie ( Bol Bachcha n).\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14557171", "title": "Siddharth was as an assistant director", "text": "Siddharth worked as an assistant director under Mani Ratnam for \"Kannathil Muthamittal\". The script writer of that film, Sujatha, was pressing Shankar to audition Siddharth for one of the five characters in the film \"Boys\".After consulting Mani Ratnam, Sid then met Shankar, auditioned, and got the role of Munna (Boys). In the subsequent years, he has worked in many Telugu, Tamil and Hindi films.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14559597", "title": "Future bright for statisticians", "text": "HYDERABAD: The future is bright for statistics as it has numerous applications in various fields like planning, economics, information technology, genome technology and data mining, asserted professors at an event held at University of Hyderabad (UoH) on Friday. The event was held to mark the sixth Statistics day which is celebrated on the birth anniversary of Professor Prasanta Chandra Mahalanobis, the founding director of Indian Statistical Institute, Kolkata.Elaborating further on the subject's scope Professor C H Hanumantha Rao, chancellor, UoH said, \"Statistics has many applications in planning and economics too. Also, in areas like agriculture, statistics can play a major role in determining the outputs of community cultivation vs individual cultivation.\" Professor Ramakrishna Ramaswamy, the vice chancellor of UoH was also present. The speakers also spoke about the need for new techniques, theories for multi dimensional analysis for large samples of data.The programme also included the prize distribution ceremony for the fourth state level Statistics Olympiad which was held in January. The winners of the senior and junior categories were awarded prizes and 11 other merit certificates were also distributed to students from different schools across the state. Anshuman Mitra of St Patricks Junior College and J V S Shyam of Excel Junior College bagged the first and second places respectively in the senior category while M Eshwar of TVR Model High School and M V N S Tanmayi of the same school stood first and second respectively in the junior category.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "14536646", "title": "Pak seeks more information on latest catch", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan interior minister Rehman Malik has said he expects from India a copy of the statement given by 26/11 key handler Abu Jundal and even questioned the authenticity of the Pakistani passport held by the LeT ultra.\"Pakistan expects to receive a copy of the statement of (Jundal). I expect to have original passport claimed to have been allegedly given by (Pakistan),\" Malik wrote in a message posted on Twitter late last night.Indian authorities have said that Ansari alias Abu Jundal \u2014 who is an Indian citizen \u2014 had travelled to Saudi Arabia on a Pakistani passport.Malik had recently questioned whether the passport used by Ansari was genuine.He said that criminals using \"fake\" passports \"cannot be Pakistani\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14538785", "title": "Govt issues tree plantation guidelines", "text": "NAGPUR: Moving another step ahead towards implementation of the Rs100 crore project, the state ministry of revenue and forests has issued guidelines for implementing it. The divisional commissioners will monitor the project from time to time. The chief secretary has been reviewing the project while chief conservator of forests and deputy managing director of social forestry are the nodal officers. Both are based in Thane.The government has sanctioned Rs30 crore for tree plantation for the year 2012 and another Rs70 crore for 2013. Half of the saplings should be ready in 2012 monsoon and the remaining half in 2013 rainy season.The government has finalized the amount to be spent in each district and district-wise number of saplings to be planted in 2012 and 2013. The divisional commissioners and district collectors have been asked to ensure that the targets are met. Initially, forest department was to utilize 30% of the amount allocated to it - Rs16 crore - in 2012 . However, on the department's insistence, 50% - Rs8 crore - will now be spent in 2012. Top forest officials have been asked to ensure that the revised target is met.Social forestry department's target has also been revised from 30% to 50% for 2012. It will have to spend Rs2 crore this year. Some other departments too have been entrusted with planting saplings. These departments should achieve at least 30% of their target this year.The divisional commissioners will have to ensure that 50% saplings are prepared in their revenue division and 30% of the total are planted this year. They will have to constitute flying squads in each district that will inspect 10% of works at random. Other than this, a report of plantation work done around a village will have to be tabled in the respective gram sabha. This social audit will enable the government to know the implementation of the project at micro level.A coordination under joint director (social forestry), Thane has been constituted to obtain state level information. However, the divisional commissioners will have to review the works every fortnight and send a report regarding the number of holes dug and saplings planted to the state government. Forest and social forestry departments will send their reports to principal secretaries of forest and water conservation departments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14551397", "title": "'Guard your angel' from HIV initiative", "text": "The Times Of India group is spearheading this cause. A conference was arranged in Delhi with a panel of doctors, mostly gynaecologists or oncologists.The vaccination, which protects you from the deadly HPV virus that leads to cancer, was discussed. The initiative is called 'Guard your Angel'. In this case, the angels are your daughters, who can get immunised after the age of nine. Although the vaccine is most effective on young girls before their 'sexual debut', the doctors said it could be effective right until the age of 45. Now that is something most women don't know. The doctors answered many questions clearing the doubts of about a hundred women in the audience, a largely educated one. I can't even begin to understand the plight of the uneducated rural women who have no idea about cervical cancer. \"Don't wait for someone to take you to the doctor, whether it is for the vaccination or the yearly screening. Get up and do it yourself,\" said the doctors. Statistics show that one out of every four women affected by this kind of cancer is an Indian. It is now a bigger killer than breast cancer.'Meri beti meri duty' said the initiative. However, it is also our duty to live for our betis and our whole family. So while you get your daughter vaccinated after she is nine, also get yourself vaccinated if you fall below the age of 45.\"Your family needs you and you have to take care of yourself\" said Parminder Saini. She is a pediatrician who got affected by cervical cancer. She fought it and is back to leading the life of a doctor. \"I want people not to feel sorry for me but want the affected to be inspired to fight this disease and the rest of the world to keep themselves healthy,\" she said. She talked about deleting stress from our lives as much as possible, pointing to the fact that it can be one of the main causes of cancer. Practices like yoga and meditation should be a part of daily life. \"Eat healthy, focusing on fruits and vegetables,\" she said. \"Live your life and value it.\"So let's guard our special angels. Sunil Shetty talked about his angel Atiya and I talked about mine, Tiara. We talked about guarding and protecting them against any danger that may lie in their path.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "7798898", "title": "Victoria's spooky secret", "text": "Outside the iconic Fairmont Empress hotel in Victoria, people gather every evening at seven. Curious, I join them one evening when someone hands me a pamphlet. It says 'come with us to Victoria's spookiest places and find out why it is the most haunted city in British Columbia'. I may not be the right candidate for ghost walks, thanks to my jittery nerves; but I decide to go for it nevertheless. After all, how scary can a storytelling session be? Well, enough to give you sleepless nights for a while.As my guide and historian John Adams leads me through the courts of Bastion Square, along the infamous Helmcken Alley and into the old burial ground at Pioneer Square, his knowledge of Victoria's past and flair for storytelling (with somber voice modulations) takes me back to the Victoria of yesteryears. I'm almost half expecting the supernatural to jump out from the colonial buildings. Just when I thought that I had enough of horror stories to not venture out alone anymore, John enlightened me about a ghost which haunts the hotel where I am staying. So convincing are his tales of horror that you can almost feel a spooky presence by your side.The European influence was established in1843 when James Douglas chose Victoria (then known as Camosack), as a Hudson Bay Company trading post. The post was eventually renamed Fort Victoria, in honour of Queen Victoria which later on evolved as a city of government, retirement and tourism.A great two-wheel deal It is difficult to cover Victoria in one day, as there are too many sight-seeing options to choose from. Rated as the cycling capital of Canada, the best way to cover the city is by foot or by renting a cycle and like most cyclists, I choose the Lochside trail. Originally a railway track, it skirts through the ocean edge, leading to a view of the spectacular snowcapped Olympic Mountains. Traffic here is almost non-existent and nature abounds with occasional deer sightings. Rebuilt bridges pass panoramically over lakes, which cut through yellow fields as ripe pumpkins wait patiently to be plucked.As the day progresses, the weather becomes warm and toasty. Owing to its affinity to the sea, the temperature never drops much, thereby making it the most preferred holiday destination in British Columbia. The warm weather also makes it apt for whale sighting. Having watched the biggest mammal only on television, the idea is thrilling. I dress up in a waterproof body suit (temperature would drop remarkably once we are in the middle of the ocean). Soon the boat gains speed, leaving the town behind, and I feel the icy cold, biting wind on my face and silence all around. Evoking the gods can help because this sighting is totally dependent on your luck. I was quite lucky because what follows for the next few hours is a mix of nail-biting wait to sight a whale and exhilarating joy on spotting one. I happily click away, only to discover later that I have been a couple of mini seconds late and have only captured a part of the tail or head. After three hours, I come back to the shore, happy with the feat of spotting six whales, including two killer whales.Past perfect Being out in the open sea for three hours can be quite exhausting, so I stopped at the 110-year-old Fairmont Empress for a quick cup of tea before heading out again. The Canadians love their tea as much as they love their coffee and afternoon tea is nothing less than a social custom, handed down by the Britishers who migrated in the 18th century. Overlooking Victoria's spectacular Inner Harbour, this elegant ivy-covered hotel has been pleasing Victoria visitors with its afternoon tea service for more than 100 years. As the pianist fills the 18th century Edwardian room with soft harmony, I choose from four elegant and diverse teas, English scones, tea sandwiches, fruit, and delicious pastries. On my way out, I lose my way and am quite surprised to find myself in a hall named the Bengal Lounge. Drawing inspiration from Queen's role as the Empress of India, this has a vast selection of interesting signature drinks with names such as the Bengal Tiger, Hemingway Special, Ivory Hunter and the Tigertini.I head out to explore Inner Harbour area and the Government Street. When Captain James Cook landed on the west coast of Vancouver Island, First Nations people were already living in the rugged yet pristine wilderness of the island. The influences are still visible in the form of totem poles, which stand by dozens across the island. Trying to figure out a totem is no less than rocket science. From what I understood, every animal carved on the pole represents a mythical creature associated with family history. Each different totem belongs to the particular family or person carving it.The Government Street at the south end is the melting pot of activities and it takes approximately an hour to cover the area, if you are not distracted by the local stores like the Rogers Chocolates or the pubs with unique names like the Bard and Banker pub, which got its name from one of its employees when it was the Bank of British Columbia. &#160;&#160;&#160; Fact file &#160;&#160;&#160; - Victoria can be visited any time of the year. - Take a sea plane or ferry from Vancouver. It takes approximately three hours by ferry and 35 minutes by the sea plane. - If you have time, visit the Butchart garden, which was originally a limestone quarry.leisure.mirror@indiatimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14541330", "title": "Shankerpura counselling camp turns 100 today", "text": "Mangalore: Come July 1, the psychiatric counselling camp initiated by Rotary Club , Shankerpura, in April 2004, will reach a landmark.It will be the 100th such camp that the club is organizing for the people in need of psychiatric care. This event on first Sunday of every month has become a permanent fixture on the club calendar when patients converge on Rotary Bhavan for free medical assistance and counselling.The camps were started at a time when Rotary International (RI) was celebrating its centenary in 2004 and Rotary Club, Shankerpura of zone III, RI Dist 3180, embarked on a pilot project of conducting free psychiatric camp. Dr PV Bhandary, who was then head of the department of psychiatry, the government district hospital in Udupi, was in the forefront of these camps.Dr Bhandary wanted to start the camp in rural area and Rotary Bhavan, Shankerpura, was selected as an ideal location for this venture. The first camp, which was put to shape in April 2004, attracted 20 patients. As the popularity of the camps spread to faraway places, more patients started pouring in for assistance.To cope with this demanding task, psychiatrist Dr Srinivas Bhat joined hands with Dr Bhandary. For a brief period, Dr Rohan Mendonca and Dr Vasudev too assisted during the camps. Counselling and free medicines for a month are given to the patients. The initial camps were sponsored by Rotarians. For 2012-13, a business man from the United Arab Emirates sponsored four camps, a psychiatrist from the USA sponsored two camps while two well-wishers have sponsored one each. Occasionally, the government hospital supplies small quantities of medicines.At present, each camp costs the club over Rs 15,000. To mark the 100th camp, a stage function has been arranged. Past district governor Laxminarayan will be the chief guest on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "14536742", "title": "Govt set to get cracking to boost tourism", "text": "CALANGUTE: The state government is trying to push through some projects, many of them dormant for years, to boost the growth of the tourism industry in the state, sources said.The government has plans to introduce hop-on-hop-off tourist buses on the northern coastal belt. Tourists can then avoid using local bus services. Using the hop-on-hop-off buses, they can visit one beach after another, which is currently not possible except by hiring bikes or taxis.Speaking to SToI, tourism minister Dilip Parulekar said, \"There are a lot of projects in mind. Whatever is feasible, we will be doing.\"Setting up basic infrastructure will be top priority for the new government. Work has already started on building changing rooms and toilets on all beaches in the state.Land is also being identified for parking lots on all beaches. It has also been decided to introduce a late night KTC bus service from Calangute to Panaji , a major need for budget tourists visiting the famed beach.Apart from a viewing tower at Calangute, other big-ticket projects being planned are an oceanarium at Baga and a convention centre with a five-star hotel at Kesarval, Verna.Also on the anvil are open-air entertainment zones at Baga and Benaulim which will be used for large music concerts, events like the Sunburn festival and even shopping festivals.Two golf courses are also proposed, one in Tiracol and another in South Goa.Helicopter joyrides for tourists are also almost certain soon, under the aegis of the GTDC.Tourists can enjoy the scenery from above with special heli-rides being planned in the lush mountains and valleys of the Western Ghat range in Goa's hinterland.Ten more jetties are also going to be built in the hinterland areas to encourage more cruise-boat tourism and visitors to interior Goa which abounds in natural beauty, thus promoting green tourism, according to sources in the tourism department.\"We have 3,500 types of flowering plants and out of 3,701 sq m area of Goa, 1,624 sq m is forest land,\" an official said.Most of these projects and plans have been there on paper for years together, but were never implemented because of one reason or the other. Some of them may now see the light of day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14538888", "title": "32 candidates compete for top slot in engineering admission", "text": "CHENNAI: As many as 32 students vied for the top slot this year in the engineering admissions rank list by securing 200/200 in maths, physics and chemistry in the Class 12 board exams. As the number of centums in mathematics and physics dropped this year, the number of contenders for the top rank decreased from 88 in 2011.Anna University, the coordinating agency for the single window counselling for admission to government quota seats in engineering colleges in the state, released the rank list on Saturday. The top ranker, Devaprasath E of Tiruvannamalai, has decided to pursue mechanical engineering in Anna University, Chennai.Aashish Rajesh, the only student from Chennai in the top 10, has resolved to give engineering a miss and instead opt for medicine, in which merit list he stands third in the state. \"I want to become a doctor like my parents. I would like to specialize in cardiology or become an ophthalmologist like my father,\" said Aashish.A total of 1,75,065 students will compete for 1,71,417 seats in 504 engineering colleges through the single window counselling. Higher education secretary T S Sridhar said the number of students taking part in the single window counselling this year was higher that last year's number by more than 30,000. The slots of 32 students in the rank list had to be resolved using the random number, said Tamil Nadu Engineering Admissions secretary V Rhymend Uthariaraj.This year, nearly half the applicants are first-generation college-goers, and are eligible for tuition fee waiver. The most number of applications came from the BC category (85,888), followed by the MBC category (44,372). More boys (1,02,924) applied for an engineering seat than girls (72,141). Fearing that seats would go vacant if they waited any longer, private self-financing engineering colleges had surrendered 12,328 management seats to the single window counselling system before the admission process began. TNEA officials expect more seats to come into the system before the process is over.The counselling for students seeking admission under the sports quota will be held on July 5, vocational category counselling on July 7, followed by that for students in the differently-abled category. Counselling for students under the general academic category will begin on July 13 and go up to August 18. Counselling for BArch course will be held on July 22. This year four new self-financing colleges and one government engineering college in Bodinaickanur have been added to the existing 500 in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14536078", "title": "State Bank of India organises rally to protect environment", "text": "PATNA: State Bank of India , on Saturday, organized an environment awareness rally in association with Radio Mirchi as part of its corporate social responsibility programme. The rally was flagged off by the bank's chief general manager Jeevan Das Narayan and attended by the bank's city-based officials and employees, besides members of civil society.The rally, organized as part of the bank's ongoing Foundation Day celebrations, was aimed at raising awareness among people about the need to keep environment pollution-free. \"We hardly bother about pollution. But it is high time we addressed the issue with priority,\" Narayan told TOI.The SBI has taken a few steps in this direction. \"We are switching over to green banking, which is paperless,\" the bank's CGM said and added at least 600 'green channel counters' were functioning in various branches of the SBI in the state.At every 'green channel counter', there is a machine (similar to what is there in shops/restaurants), attached to the terminal. The customer swipes the shopping-cum-debit card, selects a particular transaction and enters the amount and the PIN. When the PIN is entered, the transaction gets transferred to the terminal of 'single window operator', who pays/receives the cash and the transaction gets completed. The customer is given a machine-generated receipt. \"It saves paper as well as time,\" the CGM said.The bank also distributes jute bags given by the Sanjay Gandhi Biological park, which recently banned polythene on its premises. The bank has also instructed all its branches to plant at least five plants monthly.The volunteers seemed enthusiastic about the cause of protecting the environment. Preeti Singh, secretary of a civil society group, said, \"If the nature is dependent on human beings' mercy for its existence, then the vice versa is also true. Small but smart changes in lifestyle, like resisting the temptation of littering, can contribute towards making the environment greener.\"Another volunteer and employee of the bank added, \"Noise pollution is one of the major hazards. No law can curb it unless we give up practices like unnecessary blowing of horns.\"The rally, which started at Maurya Lok complex, passed through Dak Bungalow crossing and culminated at bank's service branch near Gandhi Maidan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14541230", "title": "A summer of learning with fun", "text": "LUDHIANA: Writing and telling stories, practicing aerobics and yoga and learning bhangra is how seven children from PAU campus spent their vacations in a 15-day-long summer camp organized at the faculty club of PAU. The camp concluded on Saturday with a celebration.Assistant director, centre for communication and international linkages, Anil Sharma coordinated the camp. He said the children participated in various activities with enthusiasm and tried to grasp as much as they could. \"While the children enjoyed their time spent here, the parents appreciated the activities as well,\" said Sharma. Vidhi Joshi, Pratyush Arora, Pranav Arora, Pankhuri Soni, Lagan Sharma, Aina Bedi and Shlok Bhardwaj attended the camp and were all between 6 to 11 years of age. \"We enjoyed a new activity every day and learned many skills at this camp,\" said Shlok.\"Learning bhangra and aerobics and making new friends has been the best part of the camp. I even performed bhangra today,\" said Pratyush.Sharma says the dance instructors were called from outside PAU, but the camp was free of cost. \"We will start a camp for women in the coming week, for which, the registration has already been done. We will keep the activities as interesting and knowledgeable for women as well,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14537481", "title": "Sunday soccer night no one would miss", "text": "KOCHI: Italy's Euro Cup luck and its striker Mario Balotelli will face Team Spain on Sunday night, which is sure to keep every football fanatic on his/her seat's edge.The finals of the Euro Cup 2012 has already got football buffs in the city making party arrangements and bets on who will kiss the cup.Though the pre-final key matches were all beyond midnight some football fanatics have been watching them intently without a break. \"Even annual exams couldn't stop some of my friends from watching all the matches. With the exams over, we are more prepared, stocking everything in advance for a great time,\" said Padmaraj Menon, a final year law student.\"At the college hostel, it is a different experience all together to have 80-odd football fans huddling over the TV set, with bets riding on who will win,\" said Sunil Kumar, a final year student at Maharaja's College who strongly believes that the tournament will end in a shoot-out.The midnight deadline followed in pubs and hotels in the state, though a dampener, has not stopped youngsters from revelling in company. \"To enjoy the drinks and watch the game in a pub is still a distant dream for residents in a metropolitan like Kochi,\" said Vijesh Nair, 24-year-old techie.He and his friends are choosing from some of the 24X7 cafes like Chillax or Lokah for the D-Day.Meanwhile, Kiran M, owner of Chillax cafe, is expecting a full crowd for the finals.\"This match is going to be a thriller that no one would want to miss. We are expecting a full house on Sunday night,\" said Kiran.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14541416", "title": "140-character parodies of high &amp; mighty", "text": "The 140-character limit has proved to be an incredible motivation to be creative. This means wit and sarcasm flow in abundance on Twitter. But amidst all the funnies, there are a few notable parody accounts. We list 10 of those.1. @DrYumYumSingh: The parody account of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh tweets regularly, on the politics of the day. Followers: over 22,000.Sample: I have told the G20 how they can save the world with Inclusive Growth. They included us in the bailout fund with a $10 billion bill.2. @darthvader: The Star Wars villain is as menacing on Twitter as he was when he dealt with the citizens of Alderaan. Followers: 4 lakh.Sample: New chest unit is running a little hotter than the previous model, but my breaths are SO much more menacing now.3. @jesus: Jesus's Twitter bio reads, 'Carpenter, Healer, God.' Jesus Christ tweets about the state of affairs on the earth. Followers: nearly 5 lakh.Sample: Now I have to melt all this chocolate into Easter bunnies. sigh.4. @Queen_UK: A parody account for Queen Elizabeth, it always tweets in third person. Followers: 8 lakh.Sample: Prince William is 30 today. He said he didn't want an expensive present, so one has bought him Italy.5. @Queen_Europe: This account is a parody for German chancellor Angela Merkel . Followers: 33000.Sample tweet: Football is like finance - we can't live without it, the players earn a fortune and when Greece are involved it's a f*** ing rollercoaster.6. @drunkhulk: If you have seen any Hulk films you know what you can expect from this account. The tweets are always in capital letters \u2014 akin to shouting. Followers: 1.5 lakh.Sample: NEW YORK CITY BAN LARGE SUGAR DRINK! MEANWHILE STATUE OF LIBERTY FLAUNT THAT GIANT ICE CREAM CONE! NO COOL AT ALL!7. @Lord_Voldemort7: Twitter has many Lord Voldremorts. But the one with 7 number in it \u2014 remember horcruxes \u2014 makes the most authentic tweets. Followers: over 22 lakh.Sample: Commoner Kate Middleton is trending. If she &amp; Prince William have a son he will be a \"half-blood prince.\" Sigh, not again.8. @ShakespeareSays: He does not tweet often. But when he does, he uses his usual flourish.Sample: My pension from the most righteous and noble King James hath not arrived nigh on 400 years. Whither might one seek employment?9. @God_Damn_Batman: Again, there are many Batmans on Twitter but only this guy has the chutzpah and bravura required to put life into the Dark Knight's virtual avatar. He has at least three lakh followers.Sample: New Gotham financial report shows an uptick in physical therapy jobs and wheelchair sales. Just doing my part.10. @KimJongNumberUn: The bio of the parody account for North Korea's new ruler reads: \"I used to be an unemployed twentysomething still living at home. Now I have nuclear weapons... \" Followers: Over 1.3 lakh.Sample: We have no free range chickens in North Korea. Why should they get special privileges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14548484", "title": "Mild tremors rock Assam", "text": "GUWAHATI: Tremors of mild intensity were felt in parts of Assam on Sunday but there was no report of any casualty or damage.The epicentre of the quake was located at Majuli island in upper Assam. Tremors were also felt in parts of lower Assam, officials said.The Indian Meteorological Centre in Shillong is yet to give the exact intensity of the earthquake on the Richter Scale, sources said.According to television reports tremors were also felt in parts of Meghalaya, Nagaland and Mizoram", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14541399", "title": "\u2018Donors are less; demand much more\u2019", "text": "Dr Mohamed Rela, one of the world's top liver transplant surgeons and director of the Institute of Liver Diseases and Transplantation at Global Hospitals, Chennai, tells Shobha John that organ donation should be encouraged in India like it is in the UK.How difficult was it to do transplants in India before the Transplantation of Human Organs Bill, 1994?Prior to 1994, transplantations were mainly kidney donations from relatives. Transplantation from cadaveric donors was uncommon mainly due to lack of knowledge about brain deaths even among physicians and fear of criminal litigation. The Bill laid out a clear legal framework and now, several states help cadaveric organ donations. However, there is still a big gap between availability and demand , with more than 25% of patients dying before they get a cadaveric liver donor.Do socio-religious factors prevent Indians from donating?No major religion objects to organ donation. There are other issues. It's difficult to broach organ donation to a bereaved family. Media with the government, NGOs and the medical community should take this up. In the UK and the US, constant exposure to organ donation is there in public transport, post-offices , hospitals and government offices.How difficult are pancreatic transplants as compared to kidney, heart , etc?They're more challenging. The pancreas is a delicate organ and can get damaged easily. About 85% of pancreas transplants are done with kidney transplants as the most common indication for the former is Type 1 diabetes which also causes kidney failure at a young age. By transplanting both, we can preserve the kidney and also cure the diabetes.What is the success rate and cost?About 85-90 %. At Global Hospitals, it costs Rs 8-10 lakh. Another alternative is pancreatic islet transplantation where pancreas from a cadaveric donor are processed to isolate the Islets of Langerhans (which produces insulin ). These cells are infused into the liver of a diabetic where they produce insulin. However , 2-3 infusions are needed to completely cure diabetes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14538261", "title": "Centre to help revive trams", "text": "KOLKATA: The central government has stepped forward to breathe new life into Kolkata's trams, which have been pushed to the brink of extinction.Union urban development secretary Sudhir Krishna on Saturday said that the Centre may meet 40% of the viability gap funding to refurbish and redesign tram services in Kolkata, the only city where the Raj era transport survives.Krishna met chief secretary Samar Ghosh, transport secretary B P Gopalika and transport department special secretary Jayanta Saha at Writers' Buildings and suggested prescribed a three-tier rejuvenation package.First, the state government must prepare a citywide multi-modal integrated public transport network and confirm the corridors along which trams can ply. Second, there should be low cost measures to increase the number of passengers. For instance, tram stops can be shifted to road-intersections so that people can get on and off easily and cross the road safely. Third, a plan to upgrade the tram operation as part of the citywide network.The ministry of urban development has asked the Institute of Urban Transport to study the Kolkata tram system to analyse the economics, scope of renovation and possibility of introducing tram-trains in India. Ministry officials have met members of 16 NGOs working in urban sectors besides 20 members of CII urbanization and Future Cities\"The new concept tram-trains have been developed in Germany. Under it, trams run on intercity railway tracks outside the city. Tram-trains are a good idea and will save cost by more intensive use of available infrastructure,\" said Krishna, adding that trams hold a great possibility if they could be revived and redesigned.\"Today, I got some unique propositions from the state government, like banquet tram where business conferences and social parties can be organized. There can be heritage tram trips. Tourists can have a tour of the city by a heritage carriage. Trams can also be used for commercial purpose to transport goods. For instance, vegetables can be carried from wholesale to retail markets,\" he said.\"I think it is high time to take the tram beyond the city limit. In new townships like Rajarhat and Dankuni, trams can be used much more efficiently. During our interaction, we found that despite its bad financial shape, nobody wanted the tram network scrapped. Everybody wanted Kolkata trams to be revived and restored to its old glory. Moreover, it has an immense heritage value and is integral to the socio-cultural fabric of the city,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "panipat", "code": "14536414", "title": "Six nabbed in undertrial escape case", "text": "PANIPAT: Two days after a murder-accused managed to escape police custody, while being escorted to take his exam at a local engineering college from Hisar jail, police on Saturday arrested six persons, while two of their accomplices are yet to be arrested.SP K K Rao said that police have arrested Suryakant, Vinod, Parveen, Ravi alias Bandar, Sanjay and Anil Bhadu, while Pawan and Pardeep are yet to be arrested, along with murder-accused Vikram, who had escaped.Eight persons (Vikram's friends), armed with country-made pistols and iron rods, had assaulted a police team and walked away with Vikram on Thursday.The armed men, after throwing chilly powder in the eyes of three policemen escorting Vikram to the local engineering college, where he was to appear for final year examination, had fled towards Uttar Pradesh.The men also attacked the policemen and fired a few shots in the air before fleeing. They also took a police carbine loaded with 20 bullets from the policemen. Police have now recovered the carbine as well as the bullets.Policemen identified as head constable Nihal Singh and constable Baljit Singh and ASI Abhu Ram were taken to Panipat civil hospital, where their condition was stated to be serious.Vikram had been booked by Fatehabad police last year on charges of murdering another resident of his native Dhollu village in the same district. He was lodged in Hisar jail and was being brought here to appear for final year exams of BTech (electrical) which he was pursuing from a local private college near Hathwala village in Samalkha block.Police said that within one hour of the commencement of exams, Vikram came out of the examination hall and was being escorted back to Hisar jail when the attack was carried out. They said the police team was waiting for a bus at Hathwala village bus stand, when eight to nine persons on three motorcycles reached there and attacked them.\"It was well planned escape in which Vikram came out of the examination hall within one hour of the commencement of exams while his friends, who helped him escape, had come here all the way from Hisar on motorcycles,\" Rao said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14539141", "title": "Why isn\u2019t this man an accused in Naroda Patia?", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Mysteriously, former Vishwa Hindu Parishad's Gujarat general secretary Dr Jaydeep Patel's name is missing from the final chargesheet that the special investigation team filed in the Naroda Patia case - the biggest carnage of the Gujarat 2002 riots.This, despite clear evidence that Patel was in constant touch over phone with most leaders of the mob which killed 98 Muslims at this spot on February 28, 2002. The previous day, it was Patel, a practicing pathologist who was then heading the state VHP, who had brought the charred bodies of 54 'kar sevaks' from Godhra to Ahmedabad.Patel's glaring omission is one of the many examples of the shoddy investigation done by the Supreme Court-appointed SIT headed by former Central Bureau of Investigation chief Raghavan. Raghavan was recently in the news when it was revealed that the Narendra Modi government had paid his bills for travel from London to Ahmedabad and back.Analysis done by the Jan Sangharsh Manch of the phone records compiled by deputy inspector general Rahul Sharma show that Patel was very much an active player on the ground on that fateful day. This analysis is available with both the SIT and the SC.The phone records reveal that Patel was in constant touch with the main accused in the Naroda Gam and Naroda Patia carnages, viz Babu Bajrangi, Kishen Kourani, Raju Chaumal, Ashok Patel, Bipin Panchal and Maya Kodnani from February 27 to March 3, 2002.Patel was also constantly in touch with the chief minister's office and the then minister of state for home, Gordhan Zadaphia.However, while the SIT booked him in the smaller Naroda Gam case (11 dead), it has mysteriously left him out in the Naroda Patia carnage.The SIT may have taken the view that while there were victims and witnesses who had reported Patel's physical presence in Naroda Gam case, there was no such evidence coming from Naroda Patia.Legal opinion, however, says Patel should have been charged under section 120-B of IPC for conspiracy. Mukul Sinha of JSM says, \"This section does not require the presence of an accused at the scene of offence. The charge under section 120-B can be brought home by other evidence that can establish the meeting of mind between the accused who have executed the offence with those who have planned the offence and had common intention to commit the crime.\"The extra-judicial confession of Babu Bajrangi made before Tehelka is also significant here. Bajrangi has admitted on camera that Patel had spoken to him on 11 occasions and each time he wanted to know how many Muslims had been killed in Naroda Patia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "14542694", "title": "Munde hospital case: Couple remanded in judicial custody", "text": "AURANGABAD: The Parli Vaijnath court on Saturday sent Sudam and Saraswati Munde, the doctor couple arrested in connection with the death of a pregnant woman at their hospital, to judicial custody till July 11.The police had booked Sudam and Saraswati Munde for the death of Vijaymala Mahadeo Pattekar (32), a sugarcane harvester from Bhopa in Dharur taluka of Beed district, while allegedly aborting a female foetus. The doctor couple had surrendered before the Parli police on June 17, after giving them a slip for 26 days. They were remanded to police custody till June 30.\"Sudam and Saraswati Munde were produced before the judicial magistrate first class, Rohini R Kale, by the police on Saturday. Since, they were already in police remand for thirteen and a-half day, the judge sent them to magisterial custody till July 11,\" said assistant government pleader Atul Tandale. Subsequently, the doctor couple was sent to Beed prison till July 11, Tandale said.Tandale said the prosecution informed the court about the process of the investigation and about the seizure of three four-wheelers, one motorcycle and recovery of ash mixed with soil containing remains of the foetus of Vijaymala that was cremated at a farm in Parli. \"Since, the case was regarding the death of Vijaymala, the prosecution had to stick to the case only and others issued didn't crop up,\" Tandale said.Vijaymala Pattekar had died at the hospital owned by the Sudam and Saraswati Mundes at Parli on May 18, during an operation to terminate her pregnancy. The case had sent shockwaves in the state leading to a fresh campaign by the health department involving crackdown against sonography centres, nursing homes and the medical termination of pregnancy centres across the state.Apart from the Munde couple, police arrested several other people, who allegedly helped them conduct sex determination test and abortion of Vijaymala Pattekar. All those arrested are presently under magisterial custody.The handling of the case by the police had also attracted criticism from the session court, which had passed strictures against the investigating officer and complainant and even the judicial magistrate. Subsequently, Dattatreya Mandlik, superintendent of police, Beed, had to shift police inspector Ramrao Gadekar from Parli Vaijnath, to the police control room at Beed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14536643", "title": "In the fond memory of Hyderabad (1591-2012)", "text": "\"Noha khwan hain mere maazi ke khandar in bastiyon mein,Kuch sutoon baqi hain ab bhi, jin pe chad kar lamhe bolte hain\"(Laments rise from the ruins of my past in these settlements/For a few pillars still remain standing, which as yet testify to my past)In the aftermath of 9/11, America rallied behind Rudy Giuliani and proving worthy of the faith reposed in him, the mayor of New York provided 'exemplary leadership when the city, state and nation needed it most'. The world bears witness to the importance of local self government as proven by the fact that the entire administration of the United States; from the president down to the city fireman acknowledged Giuliani's absolute authority in tackling the gravest crisis faced since World War II. Within no time he was hailed as 'America's Mayor' and the worst that his detractors could come up with was the feeble plaint that any American worth his salt would have performed similarly.In our own city, with a legacy dating back to more than twice that of New York, the concept of local self government is no more than a mockery of the democratic process. The elected representatives of Hyderabad have been denied their right in administering the city for so long that they have absolutely no inkling of the subject. They have now joined in the rape of the city, having assured the municipal administration of their full cooperation in erasing what little remains of the characteristic facades of the Old City streets to enable 'road widening'. The process will put to rest any hopes of retaining the character of the city as the renowned city improvement expert of old Hyderabad, Sir Nizamat Jung once said, 'old cities suffer immensely if denuded of their defining character which very often is immediately apparent in its architectural fabric'.The degeneration of the historic core is of such a magnitude that even die-hard believers, long committed to conservation, preservation and economic rejuvenation, have become sceptical. In desperation, a group of heritage enthusiasts and concerned citizens assembled, a few weeks back, at the tomb of Mir Momin Astarabadi, the prime minister-architect of Qutub Shahi Hyderabad, seeking his forgiveness for their inability to protect the city and its famed architecture from the onslaught of hare brained schemes being planned by the 'administrators' of present day Hyderabad.While president Barak Obama paid a visit to the construction site at Ground Zero in New York two weeks ago and vowed on behalf of the nation to remember, rebuild and come back stronger, the mayor of Hyderabad along with a full compliment of old city legislators was assuring the municipal commissioner that all co-operation and assistance would be forthcoming for the destruction of the Old City. If the residents let them get away with it, these modern day Neros will merrily fiddle away, urging all to forget and destroy - and get decimated culturally in the process. For at the end of the exercise there will hardly be anything left in terms of architectural heritage to even lament over. What little is left over after the massive 'road widening' drive will surely be glossed over by the proposed elevated metro rail which is touted as the sole iconic structure for the city post its restructuring.It was reported that Obama etched his vow on a beam high up on the phoenix rising from the dust of the Twin Towers. One only hopes that the plea for a befitting epitaph in the form of a plaque inscribed with the words 'Hyderabad - RIP' on the first span the metro rail is conceded to by the authorities, who have as yet having refused all reasonable requests from the residents of Hyderabad for positive action in safeguarding their heritage and culture, might be willing to accommodate this one at least.It is said that over the past few months there has been a marked increase in the number of visitors to the Old City. Most of them want to make best use of the short time remaining before its obliteration and perpetual confinement to memory.(The writer is a heritage activist)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "mumbai ", "code": "14537462", "title": "Babu pays 25,000 for denying information", "text": "Mumbai : In his first order after he took over as the chief information commissioner, Ratnakar Gaikwad has imposed a fine Rs 25000 on two senior officials of the food and civil supplies department after he found that there was malafide intention to supress information sought by two separate complainants under the right to information act. Ever since the RTI act was enacted seven years ago, it was the highest ever fine imposed by the information commissioner. Further, Gaikwad not only imposed a heavy fine on erring offilcials, but also asked the food and civil department to display basic information on its website.A Bhandup resident had approached the local office of the food and civil supplies department to seek specific information as to how a ration card was allotted to his neighbour and she had also asked for documents from the competent authority. Even after two years, when rationing officer R N Hakke did not provide the information on the ground that the records were destroyed during the monsoon. When Gaikwad found that there was an attempt to supress information, he imposed a fine of Rs 25000 on the officer and directed him to provide the information within a week. In the event, he fails to provide the information, then Gaikwad has asked the food and civil supplies department to suspend him.In another identical case, when it was observed that a rationing officer was deliberately avoiding to provide information to a Dadar resident, in that case too, Gaikwad imposed a fine of Rs 10,000 on the erring officer and asked the department to suspend him if he fails to provide the information.In his well reasoned order, Gaikwad said as per the provisions of the right to information act, it's the responsibility of the department to provide entire information about the department on its website too, so that for securing basic information, there was no need to invoke the provisions of the RTI act. The chief information commissioner has directed the controller of rationing to provide all the information on the website of the department,'' a senior official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14539754", "title": "For the first time, girls register a century at IIM-Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: From Exploration Geophysics to Pharmacy, students from a wide range of backgrounds will walk the corridors of Indian Institute of Management-\u2014Bangalore this academic year.The icing on the diversity cake is that for the first time in the history of the nearly 40-year-old institute, there are 100 women in the batch.The total strength of IIM Bangalore is 377 students.The large number of engineers and the skewed gender ratio in premier business schools in the country has always sparked criticism and there's been a deliberate attempt by many to ensure diversity. Student diversity, in terms of educational background at Indian Institute of Management-Bangalore, is slowly being visible.The percentage of engineers has dropped from 93.06% in 2010 to 88.86% in 2012. Yet, there are only 42 nonengineers -- 27 are from commerce background, of which 10 are chartered accountants.There is one student from Arts and 11 from Science. Two girls have a management background.Himen Doley from Assam has an MSc in Exploration Geophysics. \"I am from a place where there are a lot of earthquakes and oil spills. I wanted to study the science behind them and that's how I ended up studying geophysics. After I got into IIT, I was into leadership and management activities. That's when I got the idea of studying management,\" he explained.But many want to get back to their core interest later. Like Bhanu Priy from Bihar who worked in the pharma sector. For around 165 students, it's sailing from one top school to another.Of the 377 students, 83 were IITians and 81 NITians and interestingly, 32 were women. The female representation is on an increase \u2014 from 20.08% in 2010 and 22.25% in 2011. Of the 100, 82 are engineers.The majority has worked at least for two years. However, 107 students have no work experience. The youngest student is 20 years and the oldest 32. More than 200 students are less than 24 years.These students had a weeklong induction programme after their registration process kicked off on June 18. With classes ranging from ethics to environment, the induction programme also included a visit to NGOs, alumni talk and team-building exercises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "14541544", "title": "China clears way to arrest man who sparked Bo row", "text": "BEIJING: The former police chief of China's Chongqing city Wang Lijunhas quit the parliament , the National People's Congress, as he faces arrest and prosecution, sources said. Wang made headlines in February after he sought shelter in a US consulate fearing for his life at the hands of then Chongqing governor, Bo Xilai .Wang' decision fueled speculation as resignation from a parliamentary seat is usually taken at the highest political level and precedes formal arrests and prosecution . He was asked to step down as Chongqing police chief within days of his escape to the US consulate, but was allowed to hold his parliament seat for four monthsBo was later removed from his position and his wife, Gu Kailai, arrested for allegedly murdering British businessman Neil Heywood.Wang is known to have investigated the murder and implicated Bo's wife before taking shelter in the US consulate fearing reprisals from his boss.Experts said the latest twist reveals that the Chinese government wants to begin trails and possibly dispose it off before the expected reshuffle in the Communist Party's leadership later this month. The twist follows the arrest of French architect Patrick Devillers in Cambodian . Devillers is being questioned for helping Bo's wife move illegally acquired money overseas.Bo was widely expected to become a member of the Communist Party's ninemember politburo standing committee before the scandal broke. The standing committee is due for reshuffle after 10 years later this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14559868", "title": "Mick Jagger rocks at daughter's wedding in purple striped suit", "text": "Sir Mick Jagger sported a striking purple striped suit at his daughter Jade's wedding with DJ fiance Adrian Fillary at a luxury hotel in the Cotswolds, on Sunday.The 40-year-old bride wore a white bridal gown, which she had designed for herself at a service at the Aynhoe Park hotel near Banbury, News.com.au reported.Her mother Bianca opted for more demure attire, and graced a black dress with white hat and gloves.Fillary, who could be seen chatting and being congratulated by guests outside the hotel, donned a cream suit with a dark blue tie.Among guests attending were the bride's stepmother Jerry Hall , who like her ex-husband, chose a purple outfit, although not one quite as striking.Hall, dressed in a simple lilac suit, was accompanied by her partner Warwick Hemsley. he pair both left the reception at 4.30pm local time, five-and-a-half hours after the wedding ceremony, in a silver saloon.Supermodel Kate Moss, whose daughter Lila Grace was a flower girl at Saturday's service, could be seen smoking and chatting to guests outside the hotel entrance along with Lizzy Jagger , who was wearing a multicoloured tartan jacket and had her hair tied back in a bun.Jade's two daughters Assisi, 20, and Amba, 17, from a relationship with artist Piers Jackson, were bridesmaids at the service.A huge white marquee was erected at the back of the hotel for the reception, which was set to go into the early hours of Sunday.It is believed the family booked the hotel out for the weekend, with guests arriving on Friday for a pre-wedding party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14539937", "title": "Chhattisgarh Congress to probe Naxal killings in joint operations", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Congress in Chhattisgarh set up a team on Saturday to probe the killing of 19 suspected Maoists in joint operations by the CRPF and state police in Bijapur and Sukma districts in the past two days. The Maoists condemned the killings and called a bandh in protest on July 5.The 12-member probe team of the Congress is headed by its MLA from Konta, Kawasi Lakma. Chhattisgarh Pradesh Congress chief Nand Kumar Patel told TOI, \"We received reports that there were only four-five Maoists among the 19 killed in the encounters by joint forces on Friday. Several school children are also reported to be killed in the operation.\" The 'shabby way\" the state government handled the issue raised suspicion about excesses committed by security forces on \"innocent tribal people\", said Patel. \"It is surprising that after such an incident, the chief minister has not made any official statement,\" he said.Lakma reached Bijapur on Saturday. \"We will begin our fact-finding from tomorrow and submit our report by July 5.\" Senior police officers in Chhattisgarh though denied innocent tribals were killed in the joint forces operation. There were six Maoists, including Markam Suresh involved in Dantewada jailbreak, among those killed, claimed a senior officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14537457", "title": "Paramotor expedition to mark birth centenary of Brigadier Mohammad Usman", "text": "VARANASI: In order to mark the birth centenary of Brigadier Mohammad Usman, MVC, who was martyred while fighting in 1947-48 Indo-Pak war, 39 Gorkha Training Centre (GTC) organised 'paramotor expedition' from Varanasi to Lucknow on Saturday.Brigadier Usman was born in Bibipur in Mau district of Uttar Pradesh on July 15, 1912. At the time of Independence, he refused to opt for Pakistan, forsaking the lure of promotion and continued to serve the nation. In 1947-48 Indo-Pak War, Brigadier Usman was posted at the Jammu and Kashmir front as the Brigade Commander of the 50 (Independent) Parachute Brigade. Leading his soldiers from the front, he repulsed a fierce attack on Naushera and Jhangar and had a reward of Rs 50,000 placed on his head by the enemy. He rightly came to be known as the 'Lion of Naushera and also referred as the 'Saviour of Jhangar'. However, on July 3, 1948, he was martyred in action while fighting the Pakistan Army and tribal raiders.According to Lieutenant Colonel V Abraham, the Army had decided to celebrate the birth centenary of the heroic paratrooper. The paramotor expedition team 'PUSHPAK', comprising of five elite paratroopers of 50 Independent Parachute Brigade, commenced a 10-day journey covering 400 kms, starting from Varanasi to Lucknow on Saturday. The aim of the expedition is to knit together the areas where late Brigadier Mohammed Usman, MVC was born and spent his life. The expedition, which was flagged off by Major General N S Ghei, AVSM, ADGMO (Spl Ops) at Varanasi on Saturday, will be flagged in by the Army Commander, Central Command Lt Gen Anil Chait, AVSM, VSM at Lucknow on July 10, 2012. It will be followed by a commemorative function at UP Sainik School in Lucknow which will include screening of a short film on the life and times of Brigadier Mohammad Usman, MVC, besides skydiving demonstration by the MEGHDOOT team and thrilling paramotor display by 'PUSHPAK' Team.Presently holding the record of travelling 3000km from Kashmir to Kanyakumari in 60 days, the PUSHPAK team will motivate the youth to join the armed forces.\"The expedition will be challenging given the weather conditions before the onset of monsoons but still we have taken up this challenge as paratroopers and we will give our best to honour Late Brigadier Mohammad Usman, MVC,'' Director General Infantry and Colonel of the Parachute Regiment, Lt Gen Vinod Bhatia, AVSM, SM, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14536174", "title": "Bihar Engineering Service Association demands action against contractor", "text": "PATNA: The Bihar Engineering Service Association (BESA) is up in arms against the Patna Police over its alleged inaction in a recent case of threat to the life of a government engineer.Ramesh Kumar Singh, the deputy general manager of Bihar State Road Development Corporation ( BSRDC), was allegedly abused and threatened of dire consequences by a contractor of building construction department on June 28, after the former and his wife refused unauthorized entry of the contractor in their official residence near Hartali Chowk.According to a written complaint lodged with Kotwali police station by Singh, a munshi and some labourers of a contractor, Anil Kumar , reached Singh's official residence on June 28 and sought entry inside the quarter for doing some construction work. As per Singh, the contractor's men wanted to do some 'unauthorized' repair and construction work inside the quarter without allotment of work to them.As Singh didn't allow them entry, the contractor's men returned. After some time, when Singh left for his office, the contractor himself came to Singh's residence and asked the officer's wife to allow entry of workers. As Singh's wife refused entry by shutting the main door, the contractor banged on the door, started hurling filthy languages and threatened them of life. Soon after the incident, Singh submitted a written complaint at Kotwali police station. On being contacted, Singh confirmed the incident.BESA general secretary Rajeshwar Mishra, in a press statement, said three days had elapsed since lodging of the complaint, but the police have failed to arrest the accused. He said the accused contractor was still moving around Singh's house to terrorize the family and urged the state government to ensure immediate arrest of the accused contractor, blacklist his firm and provide adequate security to Singh.Contractor Anil Kumar, when contacted, denied the charges levelled against him. He said he never visited Singh's residence. Hence, the question of using filthy language or threatening anybody did not arise, he claimed.Police sub-inspector Ritesh, who is handling the case, told TOI that prima facie, the complaint lodged by Singh had been found true. \"I have informed my seniors about the case and waiting for their instruction,\" Ritesh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "14549036", "title": "Young man dies after tree falls on autorickshaw", "text": "KANNUR: A 29-year-old man died at Cherupuzha in the district on Saturday evening, when a tree fell on the autorickshaw that he was travelling, due to heavy rain and storm.According to police, the accident occurred around 5.30 pm at the new bridge of Cherupuzha, when PV Shaiju, a resident of Aratukadavu in Pulingom in the district was travelling in an auto rickshaw along with his wife B Saumya (25), whom he had married on June 18.Saumya and autorickshaw driver Mundayattuvalappil Narayanan also suffered injuries and they have been admitted in hospitals.The young couple were coming back from Soumya's house when the mishap happened. The auto rickshaw also completely damaged in the accident.Two young men working in a nearby workshop also suffered injuries as the tree fell on the roof of the workshop where they had been working. Since the uprooted tree fell on the electricity lines, the power supply was also affected in the locality.Though the local residents reached the spot immediately for rescue operations, the fire force personnel could not reach in time as another tree had fallen on the way disrupting the traffic for about one hour. Shaiju's body was handed over to the relatives on Sunday after conducting post-mortem in Pariyaram Medical College hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14554077", "title": "BJP could never prove corruption charges against me: Digvijaya", "text": "BHOPAL: Congress general secretary Digvijaya Singh on Sunday said the BJP government in Madhya Pradesh had failed to prove even a single corruption charge against him despite making all efforts since it came to power in 2003.Addressing a meeting of office-bearers of the state Congress committee, Singh said whenever he makes a statement against the BJP or the RSS, chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan is taken to task by the BJP leaders.\"The BJP leaders ask Chouhan as to why he was unable to bring out any corruption charge against me,\" Singh said.He said corruption had attained massive proportion during the BJP rule and unheard of things were happening in the state.\"Who could have imagined that assets worth Rs 350 crore would be recovered from the house of an IAS couple in the state?\" he asked.Similarly, crores of rupees were being seized during raids at the premises of store keepers and even peons, he said.In case the income tax department or the enforcement directorate raids the houses of ministers in the state, it could find thousands of crores, Digvijay claimed.If Congress came to power in Madhya Pradesh after the assembly elections next year, it would look into the assets of all ministers during the present BJP rule, he stated.Singh also asked the youth Congress workers to rise above factionalism and work in the interest of the party.He said Congress had always given encouragement to youth and pointed out that the average age of a Lok Sabha member in 1952 was much lower than what it is today.He said Indira Gandhi had also given lot of importance to the youth Congress and added that most of the party leaders now in position in New Delhi had once been associated with it.\"Even I had worked for the youth Congress at the beginning of my political career,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14559973", "title": "Trains speeded up in Palakkad division of Southern Railway", "text": "MANGALORE: In Palakkad division of Southern Railway, 39 express trains and 14 passenger trains have been speeded up from five to 40 minutes in the new time table which has come to effect from July 1. This has resulted in an overall gain on the running of many long distant trains to the extent of 5 to 100 minutes, by revising the departure and arrival time of these trains from originating and destination stations in other divisions/railways.Accordingly, trains 10216 Ernakulam-Madgaon express, and 19261 Kochuveli-Porbandar express have been speeded up by 40 minutes, trains 16604 Trivandrum-Mangalore express and 12685 Chennai Central-Mangalore express by 35 minutes; train 16043 Puducherry-Mangalore express by 29 minutes; train Nilambur-Trivandrum express by 25 minutes; train 16044 Mangalore-Puducherry express by 23 minutes; train 16627 Chennai Central-Mangalore express by 15 minutes; trains 16107 Chennai Egmore-Mangalore express, 12431 Trivandrum-Nizamuddin express, train 16628 Mangalore-Chennai Central express by 10 minutes; trains 12978 Ajmer-Ernakulam South express, 11097 Pune-Ernakulam express, 16528 Cannanore-Yeswantpur express, 16306 Cannanore-Ernakulam South express, and 12432 Nizamuddin-Trivandrum express, all by eight minutes; trains 12653 Tiruchirapalli-Mangalore express, 22851 Santragachi- Mangalore express, 16629 Trivandrum- Mangalore express, 16347 Trivandrum- Mangalore express, 16688 Jammu Tawi- Mangalore express, 16650 Nagercoil- Mangalore express, 16527 Yeswantpur-Cannanore express, 16517 Yeswantpur-Cannanore express, 16305 Ernakulam South-Cannanore express, 16307 Alleppey Cannanore express, 16313 Ernakulam South -Cannanore express, 12076 Trivandrum Calicut express, 16349 Mangalore-Nagercoil express, 16649 Mangalore-Nagercoil express, 12686 Mangalore-Chennai Central express, and 16687 Mangalore-Jammu Tawi express, all by five minutes; trains 12508 Guwahati-Ernakulam express, and 12516 Guwahati-Thiruvananthapuram express by four minutes each; trains 12288 Dehradun-Kochuveli express, 12484 Amritsar-Kochuveli express, 10216 Madgaon-Ernakulam express, and 19262 Porbandar-Kochuveli express, all by three minutes; and train 16041 Chennai-Alapuzha express by two minutes respectively.In addition to the above list, timings of three express trains has been speeded up from two to four minutes and 14 passenger trains from 5 to 10 minutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14536635", "title": "Anti drugs workshop for kids", "text": "MARGAO: Hospicio Hospital, Margao, with support from the directorate of health services (DHS) carried out a series of workshops on anti-drugs and illicit drug trafficking to sensitize high school children from 10 schools in the vicinity of Margao along with students studying counseling at Carmel college.The weeklong campaign that garnered a positive response from the schools chose to highlight not just the negative impact of drug consumption, but the various factors that led to the problem as part of their 'prevention and intervention' approach. Senior medical practitioners from the district hospital first conducted a workshop at Carmel college, from where the best of the lot were picked up to conduct the workshops that were held in the schools along with the senior doctors.\"The idea behind taking students from Carmel college to talk to the high school students of Class VIII, IX and X was that the message would be better accepted when it comes from their own peers as opposed to someone who is very senior to them,\" explained Dr Doreen Dias, in charge of the psychiatry department at Hospicio.The workshop stressed on how to cope with peer pressure, learning refusal skills, how to avoid risks from environment and informed that even a single first time attempt can lead to severe drug addiction subsequently.They were told how drug addiction could start from curiosity, experimentation, peer pressure and sometimes difficult family environments.Doctors said that either families are overprotective, children tend to become rebellious or there is no control by parents and the key was in allowing independence coupled with simultaneous family involvement so that children later feel safe to talk to adults about these issues. \"Parents must, right from the beginning, initiate healthy communication with their children about sex and drugs even if they do not feel comfortable about it,\" said Dias.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14537375", "title": "Teachers should teach, not instigate strikes: Kerala Catholic Bishops Conference president", "text": "KOCHI: Teachers should abstain from political activities inside school and college campuses, the Kerala Catholic Bishops Conference (KCBC) president Archbishop Andrews Thazhath stated.Speaking on the sidelines of an educational conference of catholic colleges under the management of the Syro-Malabar Church on Saturday, he said, \"The main task of a teacher is to teach and not indulge in political activities or instigate strikes. I am not saying that all teachers are involved in political activities inside the campus, but a few do so, thereby defeating the very purpose of education.\" Making it clear that they have not issued any official diktat regarding this, he added, \"It would be infringement of their rights. But teachers should on their own restrain from such activities.\"Blaming politicians and the government policy for the poor education scenario in the state, he said, \"We don't have a clear cut education policy. The government has no problem with students seeking education outside the state but they will not allow us to set up deemed universities and private catholic university in the state.\" \"We are not in the business of education. Our aim is to provide quality, value and affordable education\", he added.Earlier speaking at the conference, retired Supreme Court judge Cyriac Joseph also emphasized that teachers should stay away from politics and political activities while in service.\"Rather than building five-star buildings, we need effective teachers in our institution, who create an atmosphere wherein student's values and talents are recognized,\" Joseph said in his keynote address. The conference was organized to discuss the issues related to higher education and to find new strategies to improve teaching methods.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14559498", "title": "Two stretches on BRT route closed for buses", "text": "PUNE: Two stretches of Bus Rapid Transit (BRT) route on Pune-Satara road will be kept closed for bus transport. As a result, the buses will have to ply on lanes dedicated for other motor vehicles. The traffic changes have been made for the construction of a subway and a flyover.\"The first road stretch is between Volga Chowk to late Painter Baba Kudal chowk will remain close for traffic. The works for a subway construction have commenced from July 1. The works will continue for nearly one and half years,\" said a press release issued by the Pune Municipal Corporation.The subway construction work will be carried out on both sides of the BRT route. Hence buses would not be able to ply on the route. The subway is being constructed for easy movement of pedestrians and commuters, the press release said.\"All the buses will go from the left side of the road. Once the work of the BRT lane is finished, the work of the motor vehicle lane will be carried out. The details about the new traffic changes will be given in due course of time,\" said the press release. .The second road stretch, which is closed for buses, is from Shankar Maharaj Math to Katraj dairy. A work of a fly over has been proposed on this stretch.The works are likely to lead to traffic congestion and traffic snarls, so g parking of vehicles has been banned. The municipal corporation has appealed people to use alternate road such as Araneshwar road and Nehru road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14542409", "title": "Pune to get yellow fever vaccination centre", "text": "PUNE: Two more yellow fever vaccination centres, one in Pune and the other in Mumbai, will be set up soon to cater to a large number of people travelling to endemic countries in Africa and South America.There are two vaccination centres already operational in Mumbai - at Port Health Office, Colaba, and Chattrapati Shivaji International Airport.\"The Union health ministry has decided to set up two additional yellow fever vaccination centres. We are discussing the matter with officials from B J Medical College, Pune for setting up the centre and Directorate of Health Services for starting another centre in Mumbai. A feasibility study to set up these centres is on,\" said D D Malekar, senior regional director (regional office) of the Union ministry of health and family welfare.Yellow fever is an acute viral haemorrhaegic disease transmitted by infected mosquitoes. \"Yellow\" in the name refers to jaundice that affects some patients. There is no cure for yellow fever.Treatment is symptomatic, aimed at reducing the symptoms for the comfort of the patient.\"There will be a one-room facility at the government health facility. It will be manned by a medical officer and a nurse. It will offer vaccination only on fixed days and during fixed hours. It will be open once or twice a week for those travelling to yellow-fever endemic countries,\" Malekar said.Certain countries in South Africa and South America require travellers to get the yellow fever vaccination certificate. Besides, people coming to India from endemic countries need a certificate stating that he or she is vaccinated otherwise they are quarantined at the airport hospitals and kept under observation for 10 days, Malekar said.A yellow fever vaccination certificate is valid only if it conforms to the model certificate. The validity period of the international certificate against yellow fever is 10 years, beginning 10 days after vaccination.Foreign nationals residing or who have passed through the yellow fever endemic countries during the preceding six days, are granted visas only after the production of vaccination certificate of yellow fever.After checking the vaccination certificate an entry read as 'Valid Yellow fever Vaccination Certificate Checked' is made in the passport of the passenger.Fact sheet on yellow fever:* Yellow fever is endemic in 33 countries in Africa and 11 countries in South America.* There are two modes of transmission of the yellow fever virus, the sylvatic or forest cycle and the urban cycle.* Transmission begins when vector mosquitoes (Aedes africanus in Africa, and several species of the genus Haemagogus in South America) feed on non-human primates infected with the virus. The infected mosquitoes then feed on humans travelling through the forest.* Once contracted, the virus incubates in the body for three to six days, followed by infection that can occur in one or two phases. The first, 'acute', phase usually causes fever, muscle pain with prominent backache, headache , shivers, loss of appetite, and nausea or vomiting. Most patients improve and their symptoms disappear after 3 to 4 days.* However, 15% of patients enter a second, more toxic phase within 24 hours of the initial remission. High fever returns and several body systems are affected. The patient rapidly develops jaundice and complains of abdominal pain with vomiting. Bleeding can occur from the mouth, nose, eyes or stomach. Once this happens, blood appears in the vomit and faeces. Kidney function deteriorates. Half of the patients who enter the toxic phase die within 10 to 14 days, the rest recover without significant organ damage.(Source: World Health Organisation (WHO))Health Regulations:For entry into IndiaAny person, foreigner or Indian, (excluding infants below six months) arriving by air or sea without a vaccination certificate of yellow fever will be kept in quarantine isolation for a period up to six days if:* He arrives in India within six days of departure from an infected area* Has come on a ship which has started from or transited at any port in a yellow fever affected country within 30 days of its arrival in India provided such ship has not been disinfected in accordance with the procedure laid down by WHOFor leaving IndiaPersons leaving for a yellow fever infected area are advised in their own interest to be in possession of valid yellow fever vaccination certificates before they leave the country. Guyana requires that all persons including diplomats travelling to that country from India to possess valid yellow fever and cholera inoculation certificates before they leave India.Persons exempted from production of vaccination certificateThe under mentioned persons are exempted from production of yellow fever vaccination certificate:* Infants below the age of six months.* Crew and passengers of an aircraft transiting through an airport located in yellow fever infected area provided the Health Officer is satisfied that such persons remained within the airport premises during the period of stay.* Countries regarded as yellow fever infectedYellow fever endemic countriesAfrica:Angola, Benin, Burkina Faso, Burundi, Cameroon, Central African Republic, Chad , Congo, Democratic Republic of Congo (Zaire), Equatorial Guinea, Ethiopia, Gabon, Gambia, Ghana, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau , Ivory Coast ( Cote D'Ivoire), Kenya, Liberia, Mali, Niger, Nigeria, Rwanda, Sao Tome and Principe, Senegal, Sierra Leone, Somalia, Sudan, Togo, Uganda, Tanzania , Zambia.America:Bolivia , Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, French Guiana, Guyana, Peru, Suriname, Trinidad and Tobago , Venezuela , Panama.(Source: Airports Authority of India)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14536836", "title": "Kids tortured, burnt by mom's friend", "text": "MUMBAI: A Nalasopara woman, who was supposed to take care of two minor girls-a friend's daughters-for a few days, assaulted and branded them with hot spoons over household chores. Once they found out, her neighbours beat up the accused, Hansa Mehta (34), and handed her over to the police on Saturday.While the accused has been sent to judicial custody for 15 days, the police are waiting to hear from the victims' mother who cannot be contacted. The police also tried to contact their father, but to no avail. Though the accused did confess to have tortured the children, she told the police that \"it was the only way to discipline the kids\".A domestic help working in Kandivli, Hansa stays in Sitaram Nagar chawl, Kajupada, Nalasopara (E) with her husband Shailesh and three children. A month ago, she brought home her friend's children, Ashwini (8) and Taki (4), as their mother, Sandhya Singh, also a maid, had to undergo medical treatment. Sandhya apparently did not want to leave her daughters with their father, Vijay, as he was a drunkard.Ashwini who communicates in Hindi has told the police that her mother was to pick them up 15 days ago but has not turned up yet.According to the complaint lodged by a neighbour, Bharti Solanki (35), the children were made to do household chores and were left to starve most of the time. She said Hansa not only ill-treated the two girls, but also did not spare her own children. Her husband, Shailesh, reportedly would remain a silent spectator to the harassments, which included slapping, assaulting the girls with rolling pins and scalding them with hot steel clamps and spoons.Neighbours had tried to intervene but were met with abuses and insults.On Friday, alarmed by Ashwini and Taki's cries, a group of women knocked on Hansa's door but she refused to open. Around midnight, when the cries refused to subside, the women returned and broke open Hansa's door. Solanki said they found that Taki's right leg was nearly fractured and her eyes were red and swollen. She had burn marks on her left shoulder, back and hands, and her thumb was damaged. and was later removed at the Nalasopara Primary Health Centre.Ashwini's eyes and cheeks had turned red from constant beating, said Solanki, adding that she, too, had burn marks on her body. Outraged, the women beat up Hansa and dragged her to the Nalasopara police station. The sisters also spent the night in the police station where they were given food. They will be taken to the Bhiwandi Children Home.Inspector Mukund Mahajan confirmed the incident. The other neighbours also gave the police the details of how Hansa would bang the children's heads against the wall if they failed to finish a chore. They also said Hansa would not let them the sisters would be beaten up for urinating in their clothes which they would do as they were not allowed to answer nature's call when required.The statements of the neighbours' who were witness to the torture are being taken. Neighbours have given detailed account of how Mehta would bang the minors' heads on the wall if they failed in completing the assigned household chores. Neighbours said that the sisters would be beaten up for urinating in their clothes which they would do as they were not allowed to answer nature's call when required.Mehta told the police that the girls were beaten up after they were caught stealing from the house.Hansa who has been booked under section 324 (causing hurt) of the IPC and section 23 of the Juvenile Justice (Care and Protection of Children) Act, admitted to have tortured the kids and said \"it was the only way to discipline them\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "changal(sangrur)", "code": "14559066", "title": "Satyamev Jayate: Small village celebrates getting mention but complains of authorities playing spoilsport", "text": "CHANGAL(SANGRUR): The no mean achievement has its pitfalls too. This is turning out true for small and non- descript Punjab village Changal, which attracted the attention of Bollywood heartthrob Aamir Khan for practicing self imposed prohibition. The village though got a pat from Satyamev Jayate maker for holding ground at booze crazy Punjab but the village laments the role of excise authorities for using tactical moves to deter it from going further and making others to follow suit.Changal is only Punjab village practicing self imposed prohibition for the third year in a row by not allowing liquor vend in village. This rare achievement at the place known for its big fondness for liquor, got prominent mention in Satyamev Jayate' latest episode when Aamir interacted with the villagers and asked other Indian villages to follow the trend set by Changal. But the village is upset with authorities trying to run down the anti liquor campaign to get monetary gains.\"Now the excise authorities has registered a liquor smuggling case in the village and seems trying to deter us but we are determined not to open vend even if authorities register more cases using tactical moves\", said village Sarpanch Paramjit Singh, who got the chance to interact with Three idiots star. Paramjit said excise authorities wanted to put forward the smuggling case for denying its no liquor vend resolution next year. Under Para 2 of Punjab panchayati Raj Act' section 40: If the excise and taxation commissioner, Punjab is of the opinion for reasons to be recorded in writing that within such local area illicit distillation or smuggling of alcohol has been carried on or connived at within two years preceding the date of passing of resolution, in such local area, such resolution shall not be binding upon, unless the state government orders that it shall be so binding. Section 40 gives panchayats powers to go in for no liquor vend in the village.Aamir' queries from village women about how they feel and the changes in village got them all thanks to persistent efforts on the count. Village woman Gurmail Kaur said, \"Since 2010 when vend was not allowed to be opened in the village we are feel relieved and getting money saved for running household as otherwise men used to spend the hard earned money drowned the drain on Lal Pari(term used for liquor in rural Punjab). Even the village government school women teachers have noticed change in behavior of many parents, who have started attending parent teacher meets in school after self made prohibition.\"Taking note of Punjab villages taking up cudgels against excessive use of liquor and state government not giving heed to resolutions of panchayats for no liquor vend, Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh is learnt to have written to union panchayati raj minister Kishore Chander Dev and Punjab deputy chief minister Sukhbir Badal.Ramesh had also taken strong note of 'brewing trouble' campaign by Times of India in Punjab highlighting the state attitude of denial towards panchayats wanting no liquor vend in their respective villages. Ramesh during his previous visit to Chandigarh had assured TOI to take up the matter with union and state governments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14558206", "title": "Katie Holmes secretly rented NY home before filing for divorce", "text": "Katie Holmes already had a contingency plan in place to ensure that her 6-year-old daughter, Suri, would be taken care of, when she filed to divorce Tom Cruise Thursday after five years of marriage.According to sources, the 33-year-old actress rented her own New York City property-separate from the home the couple shares when they're in town together-just prior to filing for divorce, Us Magazine reported.With Cruise, 49, away filming the sci-fi flick 'Oblivion' in Iceland , Holmes quietly filed divorce papers with the aid of a New Jersey-based attorney, and requested sole custody of the couple's daughter.\"Katie's primary concern remains, as it always has been, her daughter's best interest. This is a personal and private matter for Katie and her family,\" Holmes' lawyer, Jonathan Wolfe, said in a statement on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14548798", "title": "UKUP special show for Manchu family", "text": "Actor Manchu Manoj has arranged a special screening of his upcoming film \"Uu Kodathara Ulikki Padathaara\" to his family and friends yesterday. It seems that everyone was very impressed with the movie and praised Manoj's acting skills.Expressing his happiness, Manoj wrote on his Twitter, \"Family and friends loved the movie :) god bless :) 1 step passed :))\" (sic). Surely, this news will boost his morale and confidence as the movie is nearing release. Natasimha Balakrishna will be seen in a powerful cameo and his role is going to be one of the film's major highlights. Deesksha Seth is playing Manoj's romantic interest and other cast includes Brahmanandam, Sunil, Sai Kumar, etc.Uu Kodathara Ulikki Padathaara is directed by Sekhar Raja while Manchu Lakshmi is producing the film and Padmasri Mohan Babu is presenting it. Bobo Sashi has composed the tunes.The film is currently in the last leg of post production and is slated for release in mid July.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14536286", "title": "Dr Arun Kumar Thakur elected Bihar IMA chief", "text": "PATNA: Noted paediatrician Dr Arun Kumar Thakur was elected president of the Indian Medical Association (IMA), Bihar state branch, for the year 2012-13 on Saturday at the annual council meeting of IMA, Bihar held at Ara, Bhojpur.Dr Rajiv Ranjan Prasad of Patna Medical College and Hospital (PMCH) was elected president-elect for the year 2013-14. Both, Dr Thakur and Dr Prasad were elected unanimously.Ten vice-presidents were also elected under different divisions, which include Dr Sahjanand Prasad (Patna East), Dr Bimal Kumar Karak (Patna), Dr Hem Shankar Sharma (Bhagalpur), Dr Kamlesh Tiwary (Muzaffarpur), Dr D S Singh (Samastipur), Dr Kanhaiya Prasad Singh (Kosi), Dr Lakhi Chand Prasad (Saran), Dr Sachchidanand Sharma (Magadh), Dr Sunil Kumar Singh (Purnia) and Dr K K Singh (Munger). Dr Rajiva Ranjan was retained as state secretary. Similarly, joint secretaries were elected for the 10 divisions.Dr Thakur, who was earlier IMA state secretary in 2007-08, had also held important assignments in the past, including state president of Indian Academy of Paediatrics, president of Bihar unit of National Neonatology Forum and regional co-ordinator-cum-state president of Breast feeding promotion network of India. He is currently the vice-chairman of Bihar Tuberculosis Association. Dr Thakur has over 70 articles to his credit and is associated with teaching profession since 1982.Dr Rajiv Ranjan Prasad is the professor of physiology in PMCH. He is also the general secretary of Bihar Medical Teachers Association and principal of Government Pharmacy Institute in Patna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14558787", "title": "Vajpayee's unease at APJ Kalam's visit to Gujarat 'natural': BJP", "text": "PATNA: In a virtual endorsement of former President A P J Abdul Kalam's views in his memoir that then Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee was uneasy with his visit to Gujarat after the 2002 riots, Bihar BJP president C P Thakur today said it was 'natural' for a government to feel uneasy with the visit of the constitutional head to a state ravaged with strife.\"Vajpayee's uneasy at Kalam's visit to Gujarat was only natural as no government of the day would like the constitutional head to visit a state ravaged with strife,\" Thakur told reporters.\"Even in the states, a government would not be pleased with the governor visiting a strife-torn region,\" he said.Thakur, who was the Union health minister in the then NDA government headed by Vajpayee, said that despite the sense of uneasiness with Kalam's visit to Gujarat, Vajpayee did not oppose the latter's decision when he went ahead .The senior BJP leader also hit out at the political parties for their 'hyprocratic stand' on treating the saffron party as communal or secular \"at their whims and not on the basis of ideological consistency.\"In an indirect dig at the JD(U) and specifically to the LJP supremo Ramvilas Paswan, he said \"Some political parties or politicians have no problem with the BJP's ideological credentials so long as they reap benefits of political power in its association, but they start questioning its ideology the moment the party becomes dispensable.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14541032", "title": "No forcible evacuation of people: DC", "text": "Mangalore: Instead of giving Rs 10 lakh compensation to the people of 12 naxal-infested villages of Belthangady, the state government has ordered to evaluate the worth of their property and pay accordingly before shifting them from the area, deputy commissioner NS Channappa Gowda said on Saturday.In a meeting with the villagers of the naxal-hit areas at Kolli village in Belthangady, the DC said the property belonging to 235 families would soon be evaluated and the government would consider only applications of villagers who come forward voluntarily. \"We do not want to force anyone to shift from these villages,\" he added.BETTER INFRASTRUCTURE!The DC admitted that solar equipment given by the government to these areas are not functioning properly due to technical problems and that steps would be taken to repair them.\"Two bridges will be constructed in Yelaneeru village after getting approval from the forest department as bridges need to be built on reserve forest land,\" he said.A mobile health centre has been started which will provide service to the people of all the 12 villages once in every week. To aid the economic empowerment of villagers in and around the Kudremukh National Park, two villagers have been appointed village accountants and as many women as cooks for Ashrama schools, he added.Navara, Savanallu, Yelaneeru, and nine other villages of Belthangady taluk have been facing naxal menace for the past many years.\"There is shortage of teachers in schools in these villages. To fill up these posts and to provide employment for the locals, four persons from their respective villages have already been appointed and soon five more villagers will be recruited as teachers,\" the DC said.Construction of roads, bridges, and providing bus services to villages will be initiated shortly.Around 1,000 villagers took part in the meeting. MP Nalin Kumar Kateel, ZP CEO KN Vijay Prakash and others were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14538361", "title": "Duo who killed contractor remanded in cop custody", "text": "NASHIK: The two accused in the murder of a catering contractor have been remanded in two days police custody by a local court on Saturday. Rakesh alias Bhayya Gupta had attacked and killed catering contactor Raju Balwant Singh Bhaati with a knife on Thursday night.According to reports, the deceased and Bhavarsingh Bhaati, are both residents of Khole Mala in Nashik Road.Bhaati had the contract of providing food at a wedding function at Om Tulza Lawns on the Samangaon Road in Nashik Road area on Thursday. Since they needed labourers for serving food and also other works related to preparing and serving food, they had hired 20 boys and 10 girls as labourers from a contactor named Bairagi.Since the wedding was in the evening, the contract labourers reached the hall around 6.30pm and began work as instructed. Meanwhile, both Raju Singh and Bhavarsingh noticed that two labourers \u2014 Imraan Aslam Shaik and Rakesh Gupta \u2014 were in an inebriated state and were up to mischief at the function.The catering contractors requested them to stop their misbehaviour. However, the two continued with their mischief.Bhavarsingh, who lodged a complaint at the Nashik Road police station, said that after seeing that Shaikh and Gupta were refusing to mend their ways, they paid them their wage and asked them to leave.Later, Shaikh and Gupta called Bhavarsingh at the gate of the kitchen and began arguing. Raju Singh, who was in the kitchen, also went there to intervene.The scuffle turned violent when Rakesh Gupta attacked Raju Singh with a knife. Raju died on the spot.Some people there managed to nab Rakesh Gupta. However, Imraan Shaikh fled. The police reached the incident spot and arrested Gupta. Imraan Shaikh was also picked up by the police on the same night and arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14540149", "title": "Rural BPOs promise a revolution in small towns", "text": "When someone who has never seen an ATM card or a credit card has to learn about a loyalty card product and its features, understand the member's query, investigate the issue by accessing the client's loyalty management system, and formulate the response in English in a manner that satisfies the client, it is sheer magic.And when this someone is a 12thclass pass villager from India, it only evokes awe and hope. Rural Shores, India's leading rural BPO Company, works this magic out of call centers in unknown small towns such as Jobner (Rajasthan), Falda (Gujarat), Chindwara ( Madhya Pradesh ), and is slowly transforming rural India.Likewise, when BESCOM, the Karnataka State Electricity Board, approached Infosys to set up a call centre for them in 24 hours flat from scratch, Infosys turned to Rural Shores. The company promptly set up what was needed and now runs it for Infosys. This included writing the process scripts, recruiting and training 75 rural associates, and implementing call routing mechanisms. From the very first day, process associates at this rural centre have been achieving ticket closures within four hours of customers calling in.India's BPO industry had aggregate revenues of about $101 billion in 2011-12 as per a recent Frost and Sullivan research report, and is expected to grow at a compounded rate of 5.3% until 2016. India's domestic BPO market is said to have stood at around $1.4 billion in 2011, with indications that it will increase to $2.47 billion by 2014. Of this, rural BPOs have a tiny fraction of about $5-7 million and Rural Shores -- whose promoters are all followers of Satya Sai Baba and are powered as much by commercial sense as by social zeal --has a significant market share with others like Desicrew, Tata Business Support Services (TBSS) and B2R following close behind. Revenue, however, is growing at about 150-200%, albeit from a small base, which indicates it's potential.If 500 of India's 700 districts get a rural BPO centre with 500-1000 seats by, say, 2020 we are talking of about 10-12 lakh direct jobs (in two shifts) and many more indirect ones. The Rural Shores experience shows that it has a significant effect on migration and many a time they even find that natives of that area prefer to be closer to their roots, sometimes even sacrificing compensation.The business model of the BPO industry critically hinges on talent availability. As it matures and moves from simple offshoring (where it simply does rule-based transaction processing work) to outsourcing (where it does decision-based more complex business transformational work) for clients in any and every part of the globe, it needs a swathe of talent from across diverse domains to be able to meet the needs of each customer differently and yet provide the same level of customer excellence and satisfaction. To recruit talent, several industry majors like TCS, Infosys, and Wipro go hunting in smaller cities such as Hubli, Jodhpur and Salem to name just a few. Now with increasingly seamless and cheaper telecom connectivity, it is immaterial whether the US IRS tax claim is processed in Alabama or Bangalore or Jobner.With difference in costs of between 25-40%, rural BPOs are slowly but steadily filling this talent gap and also due to the huge difference in costs of infrastructure, logistics, compensation and training, it makes them an appealing proposition for even the large IT majors.It would be a logistical nightmare for a large IT company to manage, say, even 50 rural BPO locations across India, and so many choose to outsource work to their rural partners. So while in early days the experience of Rural Shores showed that the gestation period for learning a task can be almost twice that of an urban BPO centre, once done they often give their urban counterparts a run for their money. Consider this: when one of India's leading BPOs wanted to service a top US logistics company on their driver logs, they approached Rural Shores, who were able to not just meet but beat the productivity standards of the Indian BPO company which had outsourced the work to them in the first place (doing more than 700 filings per day, per person vs 650 being done by their urban partner). What makes it even more socially attractive is that about 50% of employees are rural women who prefer to work closer to their villages or towns. Today, Rural Shores clients include American Express, Airtel , WNS, Quattro, HDFC Bank , which are no different from the client list of any large IT company.As the Indian BPO industry moves from the transactional to the transformational, from onshoring to near shoring to offshoring to rural shoring, the cycle is complete and virtuous. As India continues its relentless journey of conquering a larger slice of the global BPO pie, rural BPOs will play a significant part in making that happen.The author is an IAS officer", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14540236", "title": "Chandigarh Education Department website reports heavy traffic", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Excited to see their result, thousands of Class XI students in Tricity, aspiring to get admission in their desired government schools, logged on to the website Chandigarh Education Department ( CED) at 11am on Saturday to see the allotment list, but were left disappointed as the website reported heavy congestion. Reportedly, the main reason cited for delay was overloading on the website. And after struggling with computer at home and internet cafes, students could only see the allotment list at around 4pm.\"I was very excited to see my result and check if I got admission in the school of my choice, but I could not see the list even till 12pm. Following this I headed to the nearby internet cafe and saw many like me waiting to see their result,\" said Avinash Gupta, a resident of Sector 16.\"I spent hours on my computer waiting to see my result, but the website spoiled my excitement. I could see it only after around five hours of the declared time,\" said Kuldeep Singh of Sector 56. According to the education department, the snag was due to internet traffic. \"A very large number of students in the city were logged on to the website at the same time and that was the main reason why the website suffered with poor functioning,\" said Ram Kumar DEO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "karnal", "code": "14536426", "title": "RTI query unravels 'safai karamchari' scam in Karnal", "text": "KARNAL: A simple RTI query by a local activisit has led to revelation of a major \"safai karamchari\" scam in Karnal Municipal Corporation under which the civic body was being billed for 160 workers, while only 44 were being actually paid.The scam, which was being run by a private contractor in connivance with corporation employees, enabled the culprits to siphon off lakhs of rupees each month from corporation accounts in the name of salaries of 160 safai karamcharis, even as the contractor engaged only 44 workers.The contract to keep the city clean was bagged by Friends Associates after it gave in writing that 160 safai karamcharis would be deployed to keep the city clean. The safai karamcharis were to be provided with mobile phones and proper dresses by the contractor.However, local activist Narinder Kumar got to know about this irregularity and filed an RTI query with civic authorities. In its reply, the MC stated that as many as 160 safai karamcharis had been engaged by Friends Associates to keep the city clean, who were being paid Rs 5,000 to Rs 5,500 each month.After receiving the information, the activist pressed the civic authorities to undertake a headcount of all the 160 safai karamcharis, but during a joint attendance exercise ordered by DC Renu Phulia, the MC could produce only 44 safai karamcharis.Municipal inspector Balwinder Kataria, who had been overseeing cleanliness in the city, when contacted refused to comment but admitted that there were only 44 safai karamcharis working with the corporation.Meanwhile, DC Renu Phulia said they will initiate action after receiving the a report from the civic body. \"We have asked the executive officer (EO) to submit a report. Once we get the report, appropriate action shall follow,'' she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14540525", "title": "Differences crop up in Gujjar leadership; another mahapanchayat called", "text": "JAIPUR: Differences among the Gujjar leaders for controlling the community's reins over the quota issue have begun to show once again.Within days after the Rajasthan Gujjar Aarakshan Sangharsh Samiti led by Kirori Singh Bainsla called truce with the Ashok Gehlot government, another group of Gujjar leaders, including former legislators Attar Singh Bhadana of Congress and Nathu Singh Gurjar of BJP, have called another mahapanchayat (community assembly) on July 5 over the same issue.Even as the Bainsla faction has been seeking 5% separate quota for the Gujjars as members of the newly created category of special backward classes (SBC), Bhadana and Gurjar have emphasised that the community's original demand about its inclusion in the Scheduled Tribe (ST) category, aside the powerful Meenas, has not been abandoned.Separate quota under the SBC category is a stop-gap arrangement until the community gets the ST status, the two political leaders jointly said at a press conference convened here on Saturday.At the same time, there were differences between Bhadana and Gurjar, too. Congressman Bhadana accused the previous BJP government under Vasundhara Raje of falling back on its quota promise to the Gujjars. The former BJP legislator Gurjar, however, refuted this.\"BJP never promised 5% quota to the Gujjars. The demand for ST status was raised during Raje's Parivartan Yatra but the party only said that it would consider this once it comes to power,\" Gurjar asserted.He made a counter-attack on the Gehlot-government accusing it of deliberately lingering on with the SBC quota promise. \"The high court had asked the state government to collect the quantifiable data to justify SBC quota within four months. That time limit ended months ago but the Gehlot government has only now constituted to OBC commission to receive and study the data,\" the former BJP legislator said, adding that he was considering to file a contempt of court petition against the state government.Bhadana, meanwhile, highlighted that despite all the agitations and loss of its men in police firing, the community has till date not got the quota it has been seeking in government jobs and admission to educational institutes since 2003.\"There must have been something lacking in us only,\" Bhadana said, putting a question mark on the community's leaderships on the quota issue.The mahapanchayat to be held on July 5 at the Den Narayan temple at Kailai-Bhojpur village near Sikandra in Dausa district has been convened to \"analyze what the community has achieved and lost in the past five years,\" spanning from the previous BJP rule to the present Congress rule. The organisers have declared to invite all Gujjar leaders, including Bainsla, to the event to reach some \"unanimous decisions under a common leadership\" on the quota issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "14543105", "title": "NPF in a spot over appointments of advisers", "text": "DIMAPUR: The Nagaland Pradesh Congress Committee (NPCC) has accused the NPF government of \"highhandedness\" by appointing only NPF leaders as advisers to civic bodies across the state, making them a complete monopoly of NPF.The NPCC said the Dimapur Municipal Council, which is dogged with gross mismanagement and irregularities, is a classic example of NPF government's evil designs to usurp power of all municipal and town councils in Nagaland and loot public funds.In view of the chaos and disorder in DMC, leading to exhaustion of crores of public funds, the NPCC asked the chief minister and urban development minister to own moral responsibility of such misdeeds by their partymen and demit office immediately.Alleging irregularities in the functioning of DMC, the Congress stated that in Dimapur Municipal Council, there was no preparation of income and expenditure budget estimate for any calendar/financial year and it used to project only sources of revenue income. However, according to Nagaland Municipal Act, 2001, income and expenditure budget estimate of municipalities should be prepared within specific time and should be submitted for adoption.Stating that DMC has not taken up a single project at its own effort, the NPCC said even the balance sheet were not prepared in time for audit scrutiny.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14542709", "title": "Pimpri Chinchwad New Town Development Authority plans to hire staff for expo centre", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad New Township Development Authority (PCNTDA) administration is working on a proposal to recruit staff to work exclusively for the construction of the International Exhibition and Convention Centre at Moshi, an ambitious project, initiated by the PCNTDA, is to be developed on 200 acres of land.Speaking to TOI, Yogesh Mhase, chief executive officer, PCNTDA, said, \"The executive committee of PCNTDA at the meeting held on Wednesday has decided that a revised plan about the requirement of employees for the exhibition centre project should be submitted to the government for approval.\"Mhase said: \"The Special Purpose Vehicle created for the construction of the centre has been dissolved. The PCNTDA will now be constructing the centre on its own. Therefore, it will need more employees for implementing the project. The urban development department had directed the authority to prepare a report about the requirement of employees for the project.Kishore Pawar, deputy CEO, PCNTDA, said, \"The authority will not need all the employees at one time for working on the project. We will need different employees to work at different stages of the project.\"The industrial township of Pimpri-Chinchwad doesn't have big exhibition halls for holding national and international level exhibitions. As a result, a decision was taken by the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation and the PCNTDA to develop the convention centre at Moshi. Earlier, a special purpose vehicle was formed to implement the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14537169", "title": "Neelakanta Sivan music festival from July 13", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The 37th annual Sree Neelakanta Sivan Sangeetha Aradhana Mahostavam will begin on July 13.Minister for forests, sports and cinema K B Ganesh Kumar will inaugurate the 10-day festival organized by Sree Neelakanta Sivan Sangeetha Sabha Trust at SSJDB Mandapam, Sastha Nagar, Karamana.The festival will begin with a Carnatic music concert by Neyveli Santhanagopalan at 6.30pm on the inaugural day. Smitha Madhav and Abhishek Reghuram will lead concerts on the second day. Music concert competitions being organized as part of the festival will begin on Sunday. Participants can sing any compositions by any composer. However, compositions by Neelakanta Sivan would be more welcome.NABARD chief general manager K C Shashidhar, city Union Bank Ltd. chairman S Balasubramanian, former director of Doordarsan A Natarajan and A Niranjan Nandagopan of Carnati Radio.com, Singapore will be felicitated during the inaugural ceremony.Mavelikkara Velukutty Nair will be presented the Neelakantasivan Puraskaram on the concluding day of the festival on July 22.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14538634", "title": "Panel flouts Consumer Protection Act rules", "text": "NASHIK: The district consumer committee has flouted provisions of the Consumer Protection Act, 1986, because of the delay in its formation. The panel has to meet at least twice every year, but hasn't met even once since August 2010, when the previous panel was dissolved.The council is yet to be formed. \"As of now the names of the members proposed by district guardian minister have been sent for verification and after that the same would be sent to the state government to publish the names in the gazette,\" Mahesh Patil, district supply officer (DSO), said.The committee is expected to meet to value the complaints and honour the spirit of the consumer to fight for his rights. The committee also has officers from all the departments and sercices related to consumers - including telecom, traffic, power, state transport corporation and many more.The consumers, who fail to get justice from their service providers can apply for justice to the committee. During the meeting, the officials of all the departments are available for discussion and it is the responsibility of the collector to ensure that the consumer requests are honoured.While a number of consumer organizations have come up in different parts of the city, the official district consumer protection committee is yet to be constituted. \"After a long gap since three-year term of the earlier committee came to an end, the names of the members for the new committee were proposed by the district guardian minister Chhagan Bhujbal- which took more than a year. This further delayed the police verification programme that is currently going on,\" an official for the DSO said.The committee headed by the collector, has 41 members, with the DSO being the member secretary. \"The appointment of the members should have been done in time. We wonder why the guardian minister did not find time to select the members. This has resulted in valuable time of consumers lost,\" said Nashik Zilla Grahak Panchayat, Vilas Devle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14536830", "title": "Nagarjuna visits Nimmagadda in jail", "text": "HYDERABAD: Filmstar Nagarjuna created a flutter as he met his 'friend' Nimmagadda Prasad at the Central Prison, Chanchalguda here on Saturday.Later speaking to the media, Nagarjuna made it clear that he had not come to visit Y S Jaganmohan Reddy as was being speculated. Nagarjuna spent more than 15 minutes at the jail.The actor said he used to meet his friend Nimmagadda Prasad frequently but because of developments that landed Prasad in jail, he could not meet him.Nagarjuna's arrival at the jail caused a minor flutter as the jail staff and the police competed with each other to see the hero from close quarters.Nimmagadda Prasad was arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) for his involvement in Vanpic case, related to the Jagan assets case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14541435", "title": "TomKat\u2019s \u2018marriage impossible\u2019 sets Twitter abuzz", "text": "LONDON: The Twitter-sphere exploded into a #TomKat frenzy after news of Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes' divorce after more than five years of marriage broke.The phrase 'Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes' immediately began trending worldwide on the social networking site. While some cynics made light of the break-up and speculated on whether there was a prenuptial agreement, others seemed genuinely upset at the news.\"You mean she's made it past the perimeter fence?\" the Mirror quoted comic Sue Perkins as tweeting.\"I imagine Tom is consoling himself with a glass of champagne and a full Thetan audit #tomkat,\" Perkins tweeted. \"She must have watched Rock of Ages,\" user @chipnicodemus tweeted.\"Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes finally decided that pretending to be in love was 'Mission: Impossible' ,\" @DepressedDarth tweeted.\"#TomKat is no more?! I thought sofa jumping meant it was for life,\" Fashion editor Lisa Haynes tweeted referring to Cruise's infamous Oprah Winfrey interview.But @maxduvalier struck a more mournful tone.\"Trying to watch the famous Oprah video again. Can't look... Just tears. #Tom-Kat ,\" he tweeted.\"The whole Oprah couchjumping thing feels so fake to me now. #tomkat,\" Kara Baskin tweeted.Other users linked back to a 2005 interview with Katie Holmes featured in W Magazine , in which she said she and Tom \"would always be in their honeymoon period\" .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14541395", "title": "Ethics panel clean chit to Nikki Haley", "text": "WASHINGTON: South Carolina's Indian-American governor Nikki Haley has been cleared of any wrongdoing by an ethics committee which probed allegations that she lobbied on behalf of her employers when she was a legislator, a ruling that handed her a major political victory.\"We turned over every stone that we could to find evidence that would make a different decision. It's over. It's been dismissed,\" said state lawmaker J Roland Smith, chairman of the House Ethics Committee which conducted the investigation against Haley , a Republican.Soon after the panel cleared her of wrongdoing on Friday , Haley wrote on Facebook, \"It's My Life.... Bon Jovi. Great song! 'You better stand tall. When they're calling you out. Don't bend, don't break. Baby, don't back down' .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14538971", "title": "Cop arrested for supplying cocaine", "text": "CHENNAI: A constable attached to the Korrukupet police was suspended on Saturday after being arrested by NIB-CID for allegedly supplying cocaine to drug peddlers at Korrukupet two days ago.Peddlers Jothi Kumar and Vinoth Mohan, who were caught by NIB-CID sleuths two days ago for possessing cocaine, revealed that the narcotic was supplied to them by A Ramesh Kumar.Interrogation revealed that Ramesh Kumar had supplied the contraband. About 800g of cocaine was seized.Joint Commissioner of Police (North) N K Senthamaraikannan said: \"We were informed about the arrest and he was placed under suspension.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14549427", "title": "RiRi working out to stay active", "text": "Rihanna , who has one of the most admired bodies in the world, has to work hard to maintain her trim figure.The star was spotted heading for a tough workout at a London gym at 10pm, after having been up until 5am the same day filming her new TV show.The 24-year-old singer wore black Adidas jogging bottoms, a Brooklyn baseball hat and pricey Nike Air Yeezy trainers for her late-night gym session, the Sun reported.The hip hop artist was clutching a brand-new pair of Skullcandy headphones \u2014 possibly because she wanted to listen to some tunes while she worked out.And even though she must have been exhausted \u2014 as she hid her tired eyes behind huge shades \u2014 she still made sure that she stopped to sign autographs for fans outside her hotel.The Barbadian singer seems to have limitless energy at the moment \u2014 even though she has been admitted to hospital for exhaustion more than once this year already.She wowed crowds at Radio 1's Hackney Weekend with a typically fast-paced performance, and is now working on a new TV show for Sky Living with designer Henry Holland and Girls Aloud singer Nicola Roberts .The programme will see the trio search for a new fashion designer \u2014 and the Bajan singer is the executive producer.\"To my friends at Sky Living, thank you for working with me all the way til 5am this morning! I'''m happy to be a part of the fam, WELL DONE!!\" she tweeted earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14552936", "title": "Nanhi on Spiderman Mission in Na Bole!", "text": "Sunshine Productions' Na Bole Tum Na Maine Kuch Kaha on Colors TV is set to spice up the drama a notch higher.Currently on the show, nanhi over hears Manav ( Khalid Siddiqui) talking to a lady on the phone. As Manav leaves the room, she sees a picture of the lady in question and nanh i hands it over to Spiderman aka Kunal Karan Kapoor. But before the shagun ceremony takes place between Megha (Aakanksha Singh) and Manav, Mohan begins his investigation to find out the woman's identity, who Manav was overheard talking to.Now, in the upcoming episodes, nanhi will try to dissuade Megha from marrying Manav as she is the only person in the Vyas household who does not like him. She prefers her Spiderman, as she fondly calls him.Ashnoor Kaur who plays nanhi is adamant on getting her onscreen mother married to Mohan. Adds the cute little girl, \"I'm on a Spiderman mission. If dadaji (Anjjan Srivastav) agrees, then the marriage will work out. I won't let Manav marry my mom because I feel Mohan takes better care of her\".So how does she intend to avert the marriage? \"I'll take everyone help to convince my mom not to marry Manav by exposing his reality\".However, sources inform that in tomorrow's episode (2nd July 2012) Megha will get enaged to Manav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14540029", "title": "Three students held for impersonation", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three students\u2014 one of them pursuing MBBS \u2014 were arrested for allegedly impersonating as genuine candidates in the All India Pre-Veterinary Test held in May last year, police claimed on Saturday.\"The arrested have been identified as Sukhbeer Yadav (24), an MBBS 2nd year student, Vikas Kaushik (26) a final year ayurvedic student and Pawan Kumar (22) a 2nd year BSc student,'' said Chhaya Sharma, deputy commissioner of police (South).The arrests came following investigations into a complaint filed by the Veterinary Council of India after it found out that at least 57 candidates, who had cleared the All India Pre-Veterinary Test in May 14 last year, were suspected to have used the services of others to write the entrance exam for them.The incident of impersonation came to light during counselling sessions last August for which the council employed the services of a forensic expert to ensure that no impersonation had taken place during the entrance tests.The council had first approached the CBI in August which advised it to go to the local police for getting cases registered against suspected candidates.The entrance test was conducted for admission of students under 15% all-India quota in different veterinary colleges in the country.\"During counselling, verification of the identity of the candidates was done to rule out the possibility of impersonation,\" Dr Anup Bhaumik, Council Secretary, said in his complaint.The identity of the candidates were verified after comparing their handwriting, signature and thumb impression during the examination on the answer and attendance sheets with that taken during counselling. During investigations, Pawan was located in Bhiwani and was arrested by the police.\"He initially tried to mislead the police team but later broke down and confessed his involvement in the commission of crime. On the instance of accused Pawan Kumar, his associates Kaushik and Yadav were also arrested in the case,\" said Sharma.\"Kumar was not good in studies but wanted to clear All India Pre-Veterinary Test. He discussed it with his friend Kaushik, who told him that he knew Yadav who could help him out. Kaushik demanded Rs 4 lakh for the work,\" Sharma added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14537062", "title": "Riding on fresh hopes, 'Unarvu' enters 3rd year", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The senior citizen's fraternity, Unarvu, celebrated its second anniversary on Thursday. The families of the members of the group gathered to celebrate the milestone at the Vylopilli Samkrithi Bhavan.Rural development minister K C Joseph, presided over the function and honoured the fraternity's senior most members. MLA K Muraleedharan released the Unarvu directory.Unarvu organizes a get-together on the third Saturday of every month. These meetings are held as a part of the organization's efforts to showcase the talents of the members. \"The circle of friends I made here are so close that meeting their families was a real pleasure\", said Krishnan, a 60-year-old member. With a membership close to 250 people, Unarvu is a unique organization.\"It is the only one of its kind in the city, where the elderly people are encouraged to fight their loneliness by realizing and intensifying their hidden talents and expressing it to the world\", said Venugopal Nair, an active member of the organization.Chief minister Oommen Chandy attended the valedictory function held in the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "kolkata ", "code": "14555930", "title": "Kolkata Metropolitan Development Authority lines up plans to develop city infrastructure", "text": "Kolkata : The Kolkata Metropolitan Development Authority has lined up plans to execute several projects within the Kolkata Metropolitan Area to improve and develop the civic infrastructure of the city and its surroundings, particularly in the traffic and transportation, water supply and drainage sectors.The major among these projects are a seven kilometer long flyover between Brace Bridge and Batanagar, a flyover at Raja SC Mullick Road in Jadavpur, the Hooghly riverfront beautification project along 21 kilometer river line between Grand Foreshore Road and Salt Lake Gollah, a flyover at Kamalgazi extending the EM Bypass the trans municipal water supply project for Barasat, Titagarh, New Barrackpore and Madhymgramstorm water drainage projects in the municipalities of Barasat, Madhyamgram, Baruipur, Rajarhat and Rishra and a storm water drainage project at NSC Bose International airport.The KMDA is also presently working on to set up two flyovers, the Parama Island to Park Circus connecting flyover and the Vivekananda Road flyover. The Parama to Park Circus connecting flyover is scheduled to be thrown open for traffic by August 2013. The flyover will help to ease traffic congestion in the much important Park Circus connector that links EM Bypass with Park Circus intersection. The Vivekananda Road flyover will also help to ease traffic on the stretch from Howrah to Girish Park following Vivekananda Road. Apart from these, KMDA is also preparing masterplans to develop the peri urban areas of the city. Presently, the authorities are busy in developing the Baruipur township area where the South 24 Parganas district headquarters will be shifted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14552134", "title": "Shiradi Ghat: Emergency team stationed", "text": "MANGALORE: With a view to keeping the Shiradi Ghat section of the National Highway 75 in motorable condition, the State National Highway Division authorities have, for the first time, stationed an emergency team at a vantage area.The team comprising of an engineer, two excavators and rollers along with 20 workers will attend to emergencies like obstructions caused due to soil slippage, pot holes, tree fall etc.These above incidents, especially during monsoons, cause a traffic gridlock for hours making a trip on this route a nightmare. Creating additional problem in emergency teams reaching the spot was non-availability of mobile network in that area making teams reach the spot after the situation aggravates.Sources in the NH said that the current measure should solve the traffic congestion problem in that area making the drive through the ghats a less painful exercise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14529094", "title": "Priyadarshan to work with Aamir?", "text": "Director Priyadarshan is a busy man, contemplating to work with Aamir Khan , in a movie on HIV/AIDS. However, the director says he hasn't had the time to finish its script. \"It's been in the pipeline for the past two-and-a-half years. I never had the time to finish the script.Aamir is a disciplined actor. He has asked me to give him a complete script and I don't want to approach him with an incomplete work,\" shares the director.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14536531", "title": "Three die in Outer Ring Road mishap", "text": "HYDERABAD: Three members of a family, including a 10-year-old girl, died when their car rammed into a parked lorry on the Outer Ring Road (ORR) near Andhra Pradesh Police Academy (APPA) in Rajendranagar on Saturday.The Narsingi police said Gopal Reddy, 50, Pratap Reddy, 55, and Bhavya, 10, were travelling in a Hundai i10. They died on the spot after the car rammed into a lorry parked on the extreme left lane of the ORR at around 3 pm. The trio were coming from Sanga Reddy to attend a function at BN Reddy Nagar.\"Bhavya's father Yadagiri Reddy and other family members were following them in another car,'' Narsingi sub-inspector M Prabhakar Reddy said.\"Gopal Reddy was driving the car, while the girl was seated on the co-driver's seat along with Pratap Reddy. Although there are no curves at the location, the driver rammed into the lorry,'' police said. They said that there was no fault on the part of the lorry driver since he parked his vehicle on the extreme left lane. Gopal Reddy's family hails from Sanga Reddy, whereas Pratap Reddy was a native of Mahbubnagar district. Gopal Reddy was a central excise inspector, while Pratap Reddy was also a government employee. Bhavya was the daughter of Gopal Reddy's son Yadagiri Reddy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14542324", "title": "Keep watch on missed call to prevent phone cloning", "text": "LUCKNOW: Next time if you get a missed call starting with +92; #90 or #09, don't show the courtesy of calling back because chances are it would lead to your SIM card being cloned. The telecom service providers are now issuing alerts to subscribers -- particularly about the series mentioned above as the moment one press the call button after dialing the above number, someone at the other end will get your phone and SIM card cloned.According to reports, more than one lakh subscribers have fallen prey to this new telecom terror attack as the frequency of such calls continues to grow. Intelligence agencies have reportedly confirmed to the service providers particularly in UP West telecom division that such a racket is not only under way but the menace is growing fast. \"We are sure there must be some more similar combinations that the miscreants are using to clone the handsets and all the information stored in them,\" an intelligence officer told TOI.General Manager (GM) BSNL, RV Verma, said the department had already issued alerts to all the broadband subscribers and now alert SMSes were being issued to other subscribers as well.As per Rakshit Tandon, an IT expert who also teaches at the police academy (UP), the crooks can use other combination of numbers as well while making a call. \"It is better not to respond to calls received from unusual calling numbers,\" says Tandon. \"At the same time one should avoid storing specifics of their bank account, ATM/Credit/Debit card numbers and passwords in their phone memory because if one falls a prey to such crooks then the moment your cell phone or sim are cloned, the data will be available to the crooks who can withdraw amount from your bank accounts as well,\" warns Punit Misra; an IT expert who also owns a consultancy in Lucknow.The menace that threatens to steal the subscriber's information stored in the phone or external memory (sim, memory &amp; data cards) has a very scary side as well. Once cloned, the culprits can well use the cloned copy to make calls to any number they wish to. This exposes the subscribers to the threat of their connection being used for terror calls. Though it will be established during the course of investigations that the cellphone has been cloned and misused elsewhere, it is sure to land the original subscriber under quite some pressure till the time the fact about his or her phone being cloned and misused is established, intelligence sources said.\"It usually starts with a miss call from a number starting with + 92. The moment the subscriber calls back on the miss call, his or her cell phone is cloned. In case the subscribers takes the call before it is dropped as a miss call then the caller on the other end poses as a call center executive checking the connectivity and call flow of the particular service provider. The caller then asks the subscriber to press # 09 or # 90 call back on his number to establish that the connectivity to the subscriber was seamless,\" says a victim who reported the matter to the BSNL office at Moradabad last week. \"The moment I redialed the caller number, my account balance lost a sum of money. Thereafter, in the three days that followed every time I got my cell phone recharged for tariff, the balance would be reduced to single digits within the next few minutes,\" she told the BSNL officials.While the # serves as the warning digit, the first four digits that follow show the country where your cell phone clone will be available the moment you dial the missed call.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "14547513", "title": "Fresh batch of 4,268 pilgrims leave for Amarnath cave shrine", "text": "JAMMU: A fresh batch of 4,268 pilgrims left on Sunday amid tight security for the Amarnath cave shrine situated in the South Kashmir Himalayas.The devotees comprising 3,009 men, 821 women, 145 children apart from 293 Sadhus left for the 3888-metre high shrine in a cavalcade of 156 vehicles from the Bhagwati Nagar base camp in Jammu at around 5am, police said.The convoy is reported to have crossed the Banihal district on the Jammu-Srinagar National highway on its way to base camps of Pahalgam and Baltal in Kashmir Valley.With Sunday's batch, as many as 23,677 pilgrims have left Jammu for their onward journey to the temple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "karimganj", "code": "14550098", "title": "Assam MLA assault: Police arrest five people", "text": "KARIMGANJ: Five people were arrested for allegedly beating up Congress MLA Rumi Nath and her second husband.\"Five persons suspected to have been involved in the attack on the woman MLA have been arrested from here,\" superintendent of police Pradip Pujari said.Nath and her second husband were beaten up and injured when they were attacked on Friday night in a hotel by a group of people who were angry over her second marriage without divorcing her first husband.The MLA and her second husband who were escorted to Guwahati have received medical treatment and were reported to be out of danger.Nath has filed an FIR with the police alleging that a mob had attacked her on \"political motivation\".Further investigation are continuing, Pujari said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14539931", "title": "Hitting back: Corporations may tax discom properties", "text": "NEW DELHI: Upset with the steep hike in power tariff, especially in streetlights, the ruling BJP has decided to levy commercial property taxes on properties owned by discoms and power generation companies. The South Delhi Municipal Corporation is going to bring a proposal in this regard.According to officials, discoms are charging electricity at commercial rates for streetlighting and operating pumps in corporation parks.\"Delhi government is giving all financial benefits to these discoms. Streetlighting and maintenance of parks is for public welfare, why should we pay for electricity at commercial rates? If they don't rollback electricity rates, then we will charge property tax at commercial rates. These discoms have nearly 2,000 properties and over 1,000 transformers in the city. Now, they will have to pay commercial property tax for these properties,'' said Subhash Arya, leader of the house, South Delhi Municipal Corporation.As per the recent order, the electricty rate for streetlight has been increased from Rs 5.60 to Rs 7.25. Officials say that this will increase the cost of streetlighting by at least 25%.Post-trifurcation, the newly formed corporations are as it is struggling to make up for the cash deficit. The increase in power tariff has just made things difficult for the corporations.The cash-strapped corporations are looking for ways to boost its revenue. Councillors say that the government is \"forcing\" them to increase taxes. \"The BJP doesn't want to increase taxes. But the government is forcing us to levy taxes. They are not releasing the amount promised to us as loan. Without money, how can the corporation function?\" questioned Arya.The North Delhi Municipal Corporation is going to send a notice to all discoms and power generation companies to clear their dues. For the past few years, city discoms have been evading payment of service tax, which they were supposed to pay instead of property tax.Last year, the civic agency had served notices to BSES Yamuna, BSES Rajdhani and NDPL (now TATA Power Delhi Distribution Limited) under section 123 (D) of DMC Act. According to officials, they owed the erstwhile MCD close to Rs 18 crore as property tax.\"We are going to send these discoms notices to clear their dues. The government is gifting them bailout packages at the cost of citizens. The government has a problem in giving a bailout package to the newly formed corporations, but it can help these discoms,'' said Mira Aggarwal, mayor of North Delhi Municipal Corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "14536992", "title": "Five-yr-old survives snake's 'kiss of death'", "text": "Navi Mumbai: A five-year-old girl from Uran, Shreya Mhatre, made a near miraculous recovery after she was bitten on her lip by a venomous krait snake while sleeping at home.On June 10 at around 11.30pm, Shreya, who was sleeping on the floor of her house, woke up with a start and complained of giddiness and pain in her stomach. \"We noticed that Shreya's lower lip had swelled up a lot and she had started frothing from her mouth. Just a few minutes later a small blue-black coloured krait was seen slithering out of our house,\" said her father, Gorakshnath Mhatre.He immediately informed his relative Gorakhnath Mhatre, who works with the NGO Sarpa Mitra (Friends of Snakes). \"From the symptoms of the girl and the description of the snake seen at their house, I immediately knew that Shreya needed anti-venom within an hour's time, since the krait is a highly venomous snake,\" he said. He rushed the girl to the rural hospital in Uran, however the doctor there only administered an anti-venom saline drip to Shreya instead of an emergency injection. \"The venom of a krait is neurotoxic, just like that of a cobra, which causes great pain and tissue damage. We rushed Shreya late at night to Vashi's NMMC hospital but doctors there advised us to take her to Sir JJ Hospital in Mumbai,\" he said. He was constantly in touch with snake expert Dr Himmatrao Baviskar on phone for medical advice.She was kept at the ICU of Sir JJ hospital for five days, before being shifted to the general ward when her condition stabilised. \"The doctors told us that it was almost a miracle that Shreya survived the snakebite on her lip. It was all thanks to timely medical intervention and God's blessings,'' said her relieved father.Shreya, who is in senior KG, was visibly excited on Monday at the prospect of going to school. She was eagerly covering her notebooks with brown paper, and had no recollection about her near-death experience. \"We have not really told her about the snakebite; she thinks that some insect had bitten her. The snake specialist from Mahad in Raigad district, Dr Himmatrao Baviskar, informed us that kraits normally tend to come near sleeping people at night to gain some of their body heat. If the sleeping person turns around on the snake, it can bite back,'' said Gorakhnath.It is also rare that a snake should bite the lips, as they usually attack the legs or hands of their victims. So, it would not be wrong to say that Shreya survived the deathly 'kiss' of a krait.Types of Snake Venom:Snake and scorpion specialist, Dr Himmatrao Baviskar, said there were broadly two types of snake venoms: Haemotoxic and Neurotoxic. Apart from these, there is also Cytotoxic venom which causes localised effectsThe snake venom is basically made up of various types of enzymes and proteins.Hemotoxic Venoms: These attack the cardiovascular system. The venom typically acts to lower blood pressure and encourage blood clotting and may also attack the heart muscle and cause death. The victim's blood starts to coagulate, leading to internal bleeding as well.Snakes: Russel's viper venom is of this categoryNeurotoxic Venoms: They affect the central nervous system and brain. They often result in respiratory paralysis and heart failures. Their effect can range between mild seizures to death. The milder symptoms are dizziness, tunnel vision, blurred vision and increased sweating.Snakes: Cobras, mambas, sea snakes, kraits and coral snakes have this type of venom, but king cobras are its most infamous carriersCytotoxic Venoms: This generally targets specific muscle groups. This is a cell-destroying poison that destroys everything in its path, blood vessels, cells and tissues. There is intense pain in the bitten area and swelling increases with timeSnakes: Lance-headed vipers", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14536214", "title": "Monsoon delayed, yet hopes afloat", "text": "PATNA: With rain god still not showering his blessings on the state, it's just not the common man who is feeling the heat, but the farmers are also a worried lot as sowing of kharif crops might be seriously hit if it doesn't rain in the state in the next few days. So far, there has been a 40% rain deficit in Bihar.Though the situation is not alarming yet for the crops, it might turn grim, particularly for paddy and sugarcane crops, if the deficiency of rainfall persists, warn experts.\"There is no significant effect on the standing seedling of paddy, which is normally sown in the central and north-western Bihar. At present, the moisture is sufficient for sustenance. However, the condition may deteriorate if it doesn't rain by July 10. The yield of long-duration paddy would be reduced by 5-7%,\" said Dr Abdus Sattar, agro-meteorologist of Rajendra Agricultural University, Pusa. On an average, the normal paddy yield is 30 quintal per hectare. The total land dedicated to paddy in the state is 35 lakh hectare.Sattar said farmers should cultivate alternative varieties of paddy. \"The farmers can cultivate medium and short-tenure paddy if the cultivation of long-maturing paddy doesn't remain viable due to deficient monsoon. While the short-tenure paddy matures in 110 days, medium-tenure paddy matures in 120-130 days.\"He added that sugarcane crop, which is sown in northern Bihar, may also be adversely affected. \"The low soil moisture could seriously hit sugarcane crop too if it doesn't rain by the first week of July.\" He added that maize cultivation wont' be hit because the moisture is sufficient for it.The government claims it is prepared to face any exigency. Talking to TOI, agriculture development commissioner Ashok Kumar Sinha said, \"A diesel subsidy of Rs 600 crore has already been announced. This will help farmers irrigate their fields through tubewells. The contingency plan is also ready. If paddy cultivation is hit, we will encourage farmers to sow coarse grains like jawar, barley and maize.Weatherman is also very cautious in predicting the nature of the monsoon. Patna Met department director A K Sen said, \"The monsoon was deficient in the state mainly due to non-formation of strong weather system in the Bay of Bengal and northward shift of the heat trough towards the foothills of Himalayas. This happens in exceptional circumstances only.\" He warned, \"Even if it rains sufficiently in July, but adequate rain doesn't continue till September, the overall rainfall for the season would remain scanty and it would be difficult to overcome the deficit.\" However, he hoped the monsoon would revive by first week of July and the overall monsoon would be normal. \"Rainfall over eastern and central India would increase due to development of east-west trough with embedded upper air cyclonic circulation. Thus, the conditions would become favourable for further advance of monsoon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14555019", "title": "Abu Jundal received first lessons in terrorism by LeT in Nepal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sayed Zabiuddin alias Abu Jundal, a prize catch in 26/11 terror case, picked up his first lessons in terrorism when Lashker-e-Taiba terrorist Mohammed Aslam alias Aslam Kashmiri arranged for his arms training in Nepal in 2004.Claiming to be indoctrinated after the post-Godhra riots in Gujaraat in 2002, 30-year-old Jundal told interrogators that he was introduced to 'jehad' by Aslam Kashmiri, a resident of Hasplote in Thanamandi of Rajouri in Jammu region.According to his interrogation report submitted to the Ministry of Home Affairs, Zabiuddin said that four youths from Maharashtra and Gujarat were handed over to Aslam Kashmiri for exfiltration through Poonch region in 2004 but they were killed by Army raising suspicions about Kashmiri's role.Official sources said today Aslam Kashmiri again approached Zabiuddin and Fayaz Kagzi and asked them to accompany him for arms training but the killing of four youths had raised doubts that he could have been working for Army.This prompted Aslam Kashmiri putting them through to LeT high command in Pakistan on phone as a proof about the genuineness that he was working for the terror group, Zabiuddin told his interrogators.After this, Zabiuddin, a resident of Beed in Maharashtra, along with four people left for Nepal where they received training in arms and manufacturing of Improvised Explosive Devices (IED).Upon his return, Zabiuddin engaged in brainwashing more youths for spreading the terror network in the hinterland, the sources said.His links with terror activity came up during the probe in the blast at Ahmadabad railway station that occurred early on February 19, 2006.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14538848", "title": "Engineering, medical admission racket busted", "text": "NAGPUR: The city police crime branch on Friday arrested four persons, including two women , for their alleged involvement in an interstate racket that offered a package deal of sort for admission to private engineering and medical colleges against hefty payments. During search, police found cash of 14 lakh apart from three laptops and a computer.The Gokulpeth-based racket prepared bogus documents like admission and registration cards, marksheets, school leaving and migration certificates on the basis of which they admitted students in a number of private engineering and medical colleges. Apart from Maharashtra, the racket has its network in Karnataka, Odisha, Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh , West Bengal and Delhi. The offices and aides of this racket are known to be located at Pune, Kanpur, Ranchi, Rourkela, Durg and Gujarat.Police said mastermind of this gang Rohan Kumar Singh, now behind the bars, had once come to city from Bihar to complete his engineering. After his degree, police said Singh started the racket of bogus admissions. The crime branch cops have seized cash of 11 lakh from his residence at Khare Town. The racket offered admissions to streams like BTech, MTech, MBBS, BPharm, MPharm, BBA, MBA and MCA.Police said the racket, functioning for more than a couple of years now, offered certificates of a Mumbai-based school and a Goa university. The names of these racketeers, said a police source, even feature on the website of some private colleges too as their admission agent.Following a tip-off, the crime branch squad led by senior police inspector Madhao Giri laid a trap and nabbed Singh's accomplices Chandrashekhar Lodhi, Rajashree Gajbhiye and Ranjana Bagde from their office. It is learnt that the racket was netted after it arranged for admission of two students whom the crime branch had sent as decoy. Rajashree is also the president of an organization Mahan Mahila Multipurpose Welfare Association.Failing to realize the trap, the racketeers helped two students to get admission to a private engineering college in Butibori in the Information Technology (IT) stream. One of the students had failed to clear the HSSC examination while the other had scored low marks to get an admission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14539728", "title": "Now pay more for eating out", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If you have been planning a vacation or just can't do without dining out, you'll have to watch your expenses. Starting Sunday, eating out will get dearer and so will stay at hotels. From now onwards, for every Rs 1,000, you'll have to shell out a service tax of Rs 49.50, which was Rs 37.10 earlier in all hotels , restaurants, clubs and food joints.The proposed increase in taxes has evoked a mixed response from residents, who love good life. \"We have to abide by government's order,\" said Arvinder Pal Singh, president of Hotel and Restaurant Association of Chandigarh. \"The service tax should be collected as it is needed for boosting nation's economy,\" said Manmohan Singh, chairman of the association.However, city residents are not too pleased with the development. Shilpa Arora, a resident of Sector 15 rued, \"Dining out on weekends was the only leisure pursuit for us. Now even that has become costly.\"Nodding her agreement, Masoom Juneja, a resident of Sector 43 said, \"I'll have to think twice before taking my family out for lunch now.\"Dhruv Jain, a resident of Sector 27 agreed, \"It is certainly going to put a burden on our pockets, but then it will also benefit our economy.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14548371", "title": "Themes of loneliness drive my films: Rituparno", "text": "The king of Indian arthouse cinema enchanted a full house of Melbourne film aficionados and fans from the Bengali community during his master class and the closing night screening of the award-winning movie Memories in March starring the cinema legend himself. Rituparno Ghosh covered a range of in-depth topics, such as his meticulous directing skill at drawing an actor into his or her role. He shared the example of making Aishwarya Rai wear a sari on set (she always wore jeans) in order for her body movements to change for her role in Ghosh's much praised movie Chokher Bali.One master class participant and avid fan having seen most of Ghosh's movies at least 6 times each, asked a much observant question: \"It seems to me that the brilliance of your work lies in your fearless ability to reflect the inner human journey on film by not shying away from making movies predominantly shot in interior settings. What drives you in your filmmaking?\" Ghosh spoke eloquently of his passion to reflect the themes of loneliness and unlikely yet touching human connections in his movies and added that the power of cinema lies within the ability to peer into a character's soul through close ups.The profound silence and sheer attention in the room at Melbourne's Hoyts cinema complex spoke of the undeniable talent of the ten times National Award winner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14559152", "title": "Vadodara-based Parul Group to start three new institutes", "text": "VADODARA: City-based Parul Group of Institutes is starting three new educational institutes at its Waghodia campus from academic year 2012-13.After the Council of Architecture, New Delhi accorded approval, Parul Group is starting Parul Institute of Architecture and Research that will offer a five year Bachelors of Architecture degree programme with an annual intake of 80 seats.Similarly, the group is starting Parul Institute of Social Work in which it will offer two year full time post graduate Masters of Social Work course with an annual intake of 60 seats.A third institute - Parul Institute of Computer Application - has been established with an intake of 120 seats to run Bachelors of Computer Application (BCA) course.\"For our institute of architecture, we have got affiliation from Gujarat Technological University whereas our institute of social work will be affiliated to Saurashtra University,\" managing trustee of Parul Group Dr Devanshu Patel informed media persons on Sunday.\"Presently, the post graduate course - Masters of Social Work - is offered only by M S University in entire Vadodara district. Ironically, Gujarat University does not have a social work department/faculty,\" said Patel, adding that faculties who have graduated from MSU's Faculty of Social Work and have wide experience are joining the Parul Institute of Social Work.\"Our institute of computer application will collaborate with L&T; Knowledge City, Infosys, Microsoft, Wipro and Infotech so that experts from these industries provide guidance to our students,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14552949", "title": "Pawan Kalyan not playing a reporter?", "text": "Is power star Pawan Kalyan not playing a reporter in his upcoming film \" Cameraman Ganga Tho Rambabu\"? Well, it was recently reported that Pawan Kalyan would be seen as a journalist in this film but the latest buzz is that the actor will not play a cameraman but a mechanic.Although the title \"Cameraman Ganga Tho Rambabu\" suggests that Rambabu (Pawan) is a reporter, rumors are rife in film nagar that power star is a mechanic in the film but uses his camera to expose evils deeds in the society. Well, we don't the true colors of his character until the film's release.Director Puri Jagannath is currently filming a raunchy item song 'Ekkado Naram Naligipoyindemo' on Scarlett Wilson, at Saradhi studios in Hyderabad. Mani Sharma has composed the music for this film, which is slated for release on October 18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14538585", "title": "3 arrested for scuffle near Panchavati College", "text": "NASHIK: The Panchavati police have arrested three persons in connection with the scuffle that took place near Maitreya hotel in front of Panchavati College on Thursday.Those arrested have been identified as Rakesh Pagare, Sunny Nirbhavne and Sunil Nirbhavne. Three more accused in this case are still at large, according to the police.Two groups broke into a fight near Maitreya Hotel. Mangesh Nirbhavne (30), resident of Valmiki Nagar, Panchavati, in his complaint on Friday afternoon had alleged that he had an argument with some youths near Panchavati College, where he had gone for his niece's admission on Thursday.The complainant had said that Rajesh Pagare, another youth Amanpreet and two others had also beaten him up on Thursday at the college. When Nirbhavne went with his father Sunil Nirbhavne and his younger brother to confront the attackers near Maitreya hotel, a scuffle broke out between the two groups and one of the accused struck the complainant with a tube light and also beat up his father and his younger brother Sunny Nirbhavne.Accused Rakesh Pagare was arrested on Friday itself. However, he also lodged a cross complaint in this regard saying that he had been to his friend Amanpreet on Friday afternoon, when Mangesh, Sunny and Sunil arrived at the scene and started beating him and his friends. Pagare said that Mangesh took out a knife and attacked him on his back and left wrist.A manhunt has been launched to trace the three accused. Sunny is being treated at Siddhi Hospital at Hirawadi Panchavati.The Nirbhavne family alleged that the group also fired at them.However, cops contended that the sound was from the tube light Sunil Nirbhavne was struck with an ugly argument.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14549430", "title": "UP imposes 50% tax on cigarette and gutka", "text": "LUCKNOW: Keeping up its words that it would impose a higher tax on cigarette and gutka, the Akhilesh government issued relevant notification imposing a 50% tax on the two tobacco products.As per the order issued by principal secretary tax and registration Beeresh Kumar, commercial tax will be levied on the two tobacco items at a rate of 50 percent and the said order will be effective from today.Beedi has however been kept out of this net though activists had demanded for a higher tax on beedi too. The logic behind was large scale consumption of beedi in rural areas. Experts reveal that beedi has higher number of carcinogenic products when compared to cigarettes.Still they largely welcome the decision. It may however be noted that certain western countries impose taxes upto 100 percent to discourage the use of tobacco.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14543195", "title": "Cops still clueless on Silsako wetland money source", "text": "GUWAHATI: City police and the Kamrup (metro) district administration are still clueless about the source of currency notes found floating in the city's Silsako Beel almost a week ago.On Monday, uncounted currency notes of Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 were fished out by locals from the wetland mysteriously. Later, one youth died after taking a plunge into the water in search of notes. Police have confirmed the authenticity of the notes.\"We had sent some of samples collected from the wetland to RBI, which confirmed that the notes were real. But we have no lead in the case so far,\" said an official from the district SP office.\"The area is quite huge and surrounded by hotels , illegal settlements and education institutes. It is hard to find out the source of the money,\" added the official. He added that at least Rs 1.5 lakh was fished out that day.Dispur circle officer Tankeshwar Das, who has been asked to investigate the incident by Kamrup (Metro) district administration, denied to share any update on the investigation. \"I can't share any details about the development in the case,\" said Das.However locals hinted that the money may be a part of some criminal offence and belonged to a gang of dacoits who allegedly reside in the area. \"This area has seen a growth of illegal migrants settled near the beel. Many are even found engaged in some illegal and criminal activities. Some dacoits from the area may have looted the money and tried to hide it,\" said Arup Baishya, a local of the Chachal area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14548497", "title": "Summer vacation in Delhi schools extended by one week", "text": "NEW DELHI: In view of the prevailing heat wave in the capital, the Delhi government on Sunday extended the summer vacation of city schools by one more week.All government schools and majority of private schools were scheduled to reopen on Monday but now they will reopen on July 9.\"We have decided to extend the summer vacation by one week and schools will reopen on July 9 instead of tomorrow,\" Delhi education minister Arvinder Singh Lovely said.The vacations had started on May 12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "14540839", "title": "IPS officer gets court nod to get treatment", "text": "AJMER: The special designated anti-corruption court on Saturday extended the judicial custody of 'tainted' IPS probationary officer Ajay Singh and ASI Prem Singh till July 10. The court, however, considered the application of Ajay Singh to get treatment from his doctor M P Sharma and on his reference he could be admitted to hospital.Ajay Singh in his application said he is suffering from liver infection and needs treatment to cure the disease. The court has already ordered to form a medical board to conduct test on ASI Prem Singh who claimed that he is suffering from heart problems.The Jaipur jail authorities on Saturday produced Ajay Singh along with ASI Prem Singh who is in the central jail of Ajmer. \"The court has extended the judicial custody of the accused and ordered them to remain in jail till July 10,\" a prosecution member said.Ajay Singh's counsel had moved an application in the court requesting treatment of Singh from for his liver disease. They said Singh was suffering from liver infection since long and his regular doctor M P Sharma is treating him. In the application, they seek the court's permission to consult experts.The court granted the permission and said Singh can continue getting treatment from his doctor inside the jail and if the doctor feels that Singh should be admitted to hospital, then the jail authority should take him to hospital referred by the doctor. The court asked the jail authorities to produce the accused July 10.Sources said IPS Singh was taken to JLN hospital as he had complained of restlessness and got treatment there after which he was taken back to Jaipur central jail again. Meanwhile, Prem Singh who claimed to be suffering from heart problems was examine by the medical board and the report will be submitted to court.Ajay Singh was arrested on June 22 by special team of ACB of Jaipur from Kanota village in a corruption case just after ASI prem Singh was arrested \"red handed\" in Ramganj police station taking a bribe of Rs 2.5 lakh from a victim hailing from Bilara block of Jodhpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14538076", "title": "Chavan passes Adarsh buck back to Deshmukh", "text": "MUMBAI: Ashok Chavan , the last of the three former chief ministers to depose before the two-member judicial panel sought to absolve himself of any culpability in the scam and put the onus on clearing the Adarsh files on his predecessor, Vilasrao Deshmukh. He had to quit as Maharashtra chief minister when the Adarsh Housing Society scam erupted in 2010.\"The chief minister is the final authority in matters related to allotment of government land in Mumbai city and suburbs while all matters of land allotment in rest of Maharashtra is under the jurisdiction of the revenue minister,\" Chavan told the panel.Chavan was state revenue minister from October 1999 to January 2003 when Deshmukh was CM.Deshmukh, during his stint as CM had issued Letter of Intent in favour of allotting land to the Adarsh Society. Chavan is one of the 14 accused named in the FIR filed by the CBI in the Adarsh scam. Chavan's statement comes just three days after Deshmukh, on June 27 passed the buck to Chavan by saying the matter was referred by the revenue department for clearance after which the land was allotted.\"The proposal is required to be put up before the chief minister irrespective of the fact whether it is approved or disapproved by the revenue minister. This procedure is followed as per a government resolution dated May 31, 1995 and an order passed by the chief minister\"s secretary on July 19, 2001,\" Chavan said.The former chief minister, who had to resign after the scam came to light, claimed he had not cleared any proposal to include 40% civilians as members of Adarsh. This is surprising as the society promoters had written a letter to Chavan in June 2000 saying, \"we agree to accommodate civilian members\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14540805", "title": "Forest Academy turns 100, set to mark milestone this month", "text": "COIMBATORE: The two-day centenary celebration of the Tamil Nadu Forest Academy located on Cowley Brown Road will begin on July 4. The celebration will mark various events such as seminars, book release and various competition for students.The pre-celebration events began on Saturday with painting competition for school students. As part of the celebration a national seminar on forestry management, Forestry Vision 2023, will be held on July 5 and 6.According to S Balaji, director, Tamil Nadu Forest Academy the national seminar will bring in forestry experts to evolve a strategy for the next one decade from 2013 to 2023, wherein the need for use of technology such as GPS and GIS would be stressed. The four broad themes of the seminar would be sustaining gains of joint forest management, challenges in wildlife management, increasing natural capital outside forests and current trends and future feeds of forestry education and training.The Forest Academy came into existence in 1912 as Madras Forest College and the first batch of trainees were inducted on July 1.On day one i.e., on June 30, drawing and painting competition for primary and middle school children and school-level essay competition are on the cards. For details and registrations interested persons could contact 0422-2432642 or 99944-49248.As part of the pre-celebration, a mini marathon for 5.6 km to be flagged off by the Collector from the Academy at 7 am today. City police commissioner AK Viswanathan will also flag off a cycle rally. For details interested persons could contact 94420 07872.In the evening, a walkathon will also be held for the public. and for details and registration contact 98948-32592.On July 2, there would be an eco-walk by youth with experts in bird watching and familiarisation of bio-diversity in the campus at 6 am. Interested can call on 94420-07872 for details.On July 3, schools students would be permitted to visit the Gass Forest Museum without any entry fee.On July 4, Ministers K.T. Pachamal (Forest) and S. Damodaran would take part and lay the stone for centenary auditorium and launch the celebrations besides releasing a book. Mayor S.M. Velusamy will distribute prizes to the winners of the competition at 9.30 a.m. Last day of the centenary celebration would have National Seminar on Forestry Vision 2023 at 9.30 a.m.The college had moved into its own building on the sprawling premise in 1916. It had trained over 640 forest rangers from India and Sri Lanka as part of induction training programme from 1912 to 1939. During the World War II , the college remained closed from 1939 to 1945.In 1945, C.R. Ranganathan took over as the First Indian Principal of the college. Government of India took over the administration of the college in 1952 and in 1955, it became the Southern Forest Rangers College. Initially, the college provided rigorous two-year training and given the growing need for training rangers from 1979 to 1988, the college condensed the training into a one-year programme. In 1988, Union Government transferred the responsibility of training rangers to the State Government. In 1990, the SFRC was revived by the State Government. In 2005, SFRC was upgraded as Tamil Nadu Forest Academy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14547262", "title": "Balakrishna to set up film distribution network?", "text": "Heard this? 'Natasimha' Nandamuri Balakrishna has decided to set up his own film distribution network. Now this is a major decision taken by the actor to test his luck in distribution spectrum after Cinema and Politics.Sources say that Balayya was not happy with the current set up of distribution network. The co-operation of the distributors in the state of Andhra Pradesh has not been satisfactory, as a result of which the actor is planning to venture into distribution. However, there's another version that's doing the rounds is that Balayya is not able to get good theaters for his movies at the time of release and due to this, his films are not striking at the box office.With Balakrishna's son Mokshagna about to make his Tollywood debut in the next few years, Balayya wants to ensure that his son gets good theaters during the release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "9822259", "title": "Don't treat sex like porn", "text": "When you're in bed with your lover, the last thing you want to do is turn them off. That said, here are a few common blunders that you should not commit...1. Not kissing  Believe it or not, many people (and this includes women) don't kiss their partner when they're having sex. Why? Perhaps because the positioning doesn't allow for it or they are too eager to climax and feel that it might break the rhythm.Nevertheless, it is highly recommended that you make an effort to kiss your partner during the act - it will only add to the experience.2. Biting before your partner's ready  While many people enjoy an aggressive partner, biting any part of their body before they are aroused may lead to pain and discomfort (and might even lessen the chances of any further action ) or simply scare them off.So make sure your partner is fully excited before you bite their ear, shoulders, neck or any other part of their body.3. Ignoring everything but sexualised parts  Genitals are great, no doubt, but you should definitely pay attention to other parts of your lover's body and focus for some time on their entire body - knees, wrists, back and stomach are highly erogenous zones for men as well as women.Gently caressing these areas will help excite your partner further; in turn, increasing the chances of them pleasuring you back.4. Putting your weight on your partner  Even if you're a girl! It's okay to lose yourself in the moment every once in a while and go crazy on your lover. But when you're lying on top of them, you have to be careful not to drop your weight on them.Chocking them or hindering their ability to breathe will anyway kill the moment and any chances of some good action.5. Climaxing too soon/too late  This one is especially for men. You need to have good control on your muscles to ensure that you can ejaculate at an appropriate time. Too soon and you may leave your partner unsatisfied; too late and it might leave your partner feeling as if they're pumping iron at the gym.To avoid this, spend a lot more time on foreplay (this will help men as well as women). If you take too long and can only ejaculate via manual stimulation, do your best to get your partner to orgasm and then they can return you the favour.6. Not warning your partner before you climax  If you're going to let go - and this applies even to women - whether during oral sex or intercourse, you need to tell your partner beforehand. Something as simple as \"I'm going to let go,\" will suffice. Your partner deserves to know.7. Treating sex like porn  Although some couples enjoy having raunchy sex, you'd be wise to talk to your partner before you engage in such behaviour. If you begin being nasty with your lover without knowing if they like it first, chances are the scenario won't end on a happy note.8. Staying quiet  Do you like to hear it when your partner is having a good time? So pay them the same respect and speak up when you're enjoying yourself.Something as simple as a little moan, or even saying something like, \"that feels so good,\" will encourage them and educate them further on your moan zones.9. Mechanical act  It may feel comfortable to you to pump away like you do at the gym, but you'll quickly discover that most people don't enjoy such an act. Mix it up a little bit; go fast at times, then slowly. Be creative and you'll find yourself enjoying some variation too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14535064", "title": "No way back for TP Sudhindra", "text": "MUMBAI: Studying to graduate in commerce from a college in Bhilai, an industrial town in Madhya Pradesh, never appealed to Taduri Prakash Chandra Sudhindra. He always wanted something more. Sudhindra was sure that a degree in business management or an attempt at chartered accountancy would ensure a steady career and the prospect of earning decent money.It never happened. Sudhindra couldn't leave his parents in Bhilai to get his MBA from a good college in Pune. He started coaching for CA too but couldn't clear the exams. Playing cricket for mere enjoyment never appealed to him either. He always wanted something more, and for a while everything seemed to be coming together. He played in the rebel Indian Cricket league , enjoyed the benefits of domestic cricket and was on the cusp of making good money in the IPL.Striving for that little bit more in life is not a bad thing but Sudhindra failed to see the blurring lines between ambition and greed. It has now led to a life ban that leaves Sudhindra in the middle of nowhere.MBA, CA and now cricket \u2014 all of it will only remain a dream for this 28-year-old. When TOI contacted Sudhindra on Saturday, he refused to talk. \"There's nothing to say,\" he said.After having seven years of first-class cricket behind him, including the switch to ICL and back, it was only this year that Sudhindra did something that made the domestic circuit sit up and take notice. He emerged as the highest wicket-taker in the Ranji Trophy this season, picking 40 wickets at an average of 18.70 and ensuring a semifinal berth for Madhya Pradesh for the first time ever in the country's premier domestic tournament.Unfortunately this achievement will mean nothing hereafter.A weak financial situation at home 'forced' Sudhindra to play in the ICL. Greed lured him into spot-fixing. He returned from ICL to a new life in cricket but there's no way back from this ban now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "muscat", "code": "14558325", "title": "My players are flexible, says Arthur Papas", "text": "MUSCAT: Head coach Arthur Papas feels that India Under-22 football side has a good bench strength that allows him the liberty to experiment and utilise all the players.The team is currently competing in the AFC Under-22 Championships here and has a good chance of qualifying for the final phase, provided it wins the do-or-die encounter against Oman on Tuesday.\"Also when you play 5 games in 11 days you need to utilise your whole squad. We have depth in the bench at the moment and the players are quite comfortable to change in situations because in the training preparation we consistently worked on all players understanding the whole system. It's flexible,\" Papas said.According to the Australian, Oman are a very capable side and his boys will have their task cut out.\"We will have to ensure we are able to find a structure which allow us to win the second ball consistently and again we need to keep focusing on our positional understanding whenever we have the ball,\" he said.Coming into the tournament as underdogs, Papas is impressed with way his players have performed.\"In every game, we have started as the lowest ranked nation and wear the tag of 'underdogs' to those outside. Internally though, we have developed an amazing team spirit, inner self-belief and have consistently grown in confidence day by day whilst playing a very positive brand of football,\" he said.Much of the credit for the transformation of the boys in the AFC U-22 Championship goes to Papas but he stayed modest.\"Overall, I feel it's the players who deserve the credit for what has transpired in this tournament. They are the ones who go out and execute what has been taught and they have been very courageous in their personalities and this is reflected in their football style. The players deserve all the praise.\"Papas also felt that Oman has \"enjoyed a logistical joyride\" in the tournament so far as all their matches were scheduled for 8pm start.\"They have been the only team in the Championship to have played all their matches at 8pm instead of 5pm when the heat is so much more punishing. They have also played all matches at one certain Stadium (Sultan Qaboos Sports Complex) unlike other teams who have had to rotate for matches and training venues.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14536931", "title": "Man kills self at Curtorim", "text": "MARGAO: Vicky Sambhaji Jagdale, a native of Pune-Maharashtra, committed suicide at his residence in Maina on Friday night. The 40-year-old hung himself at 9.30pm in a room at his residence. According to Maina-Curtorim police, the deceased was unemployed for the last five years and is survived by his wife.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14538502", "title": "'Self-regulation can bring back old glory of doctors'", "text": "NAGPUR: Commercialization of medicine as reflected in the dwindling male-female sex ratio or the nexus between the pharma industry and doctors which is taking the toll of patients as depicted in Satyamev Jayate, a TV show, or widening rift between doctors and patients or the tyranny of the government resulting in the latest strike of Indian Medical Association (IMA) has exposed the under belly of the so-called 'noble profession' and moved TOI to seek some solutions for the deteriorating scenario from some senior most teachers and luminaries in the medical field in city on the Doctor's Day.Incidentally it is the older generation which bravely admits to the flaws in the system and this very generation still does not lose hope and sees the way ahead. Three leading practitioners Padma Shri Dr Vikram Marwah, Dr GM Taori and Dr BJ Subhedar do not shy from accepting the bitter truth but they also see the light on the other side of the tunnel.While Dr Marwah sees doctors as a part of the money centric society Dr Subhedar believes that doctor's profession is different as it deals with human lives. Dr Taori expects society to look at the present scenario with its own eyes. But they do not defend the doctors. They rather take the blame on themselves.\"We have failed in character building over generations and inculcate the dedication that the profession deserves. We don't need to borrow our wisdom from west,\" said Dr Marwah. He traces back the deterioration to politicization of medical colleges and advises the present folks in medical colleges to be blunt in asking the government to stay out of their job. There were days when the minister took pride in being treated by senior most professors of the medical college. Now they do not want to go to medical colleges and private doctors don't want to treat them, he says.Dr Taori says that nothing is impossible provided society is ready to change. He feels that the society needs to look at the doctors and issues related to them with its own eyes. Though he takes corruption head on, he believes sex determination cannot be stopped by babus. Also he does not see outside policing as the solution and calls for self policing.Dr Subhedar however sees the downfall in profession in last decade since 2002 as the worst phase and strongly believes that regulations are a must. \"What did the democratically elected Medical Council of India do? It re-elected a corrupt man, Dr Ketan Desai as president. It is sad that regulations have come without any debate but did the earlier council get a single doctor debarred from practice for life?\" he questioned.The senior most physician Dr Subhedar feels breaking nexus between the pharma industry, hotels and doctors is one solution. But self regulation by doctors in not accepting gifts and sponsorships, cuts and commissions is another solution. Doctors can even self regulate the consultation and surgery charges in consultation with senior practitioners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14549116", "title": "Chris Brown and Drake offered $10m to fight", "text": "Chris Brown and Drake have been offered 10 million dollars to fight each other in a boxing ring, following a New York City nightclub brawl this month.Promoters have offered 9 million dollars to the winner of the match and 1 million dollars to the loser, making it the biggest celebrity boxing match in history.Damon Feldman, owner of Celebrity Boxing Federation, and Alki David, a wealthy entrepreneur, originally offered 1 million dollars for the fight, but later realised that wouldn't be enough to grab the stars' attentions.\"The audience needs their imagination captured as much as the fighters do. These are two very important rap artists who will only do this for a big ticket number,\" Contactmusic quoted David as saying.\"This is something that should be attractive enough to get them in the ring,\" he said.They presented two oversize cheques during their announcement in Beverly Hills.The plan is for the rappers to fight it out over three one-minute rounds in Las Vegas and if there is no clear winner, an online audience will decide who wins.The idea came after a nightclub brawl involving the pair led to an innocent girl being hit with a bottle and needing 16 stitches, amongst other victims.The 'Beautiful People' singer also sustained a bottle cut to his chin during the argument at New York nightclub W.i.P this month.\"Instead of doing it in a bar fight, they can get paid,\" Feldman said.Brown's representative told E! News: \"We collectively have never heard from these people. This is a tacky PR campaign by these people using Chris and Drake.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14550994", "title": "Gandhi Peace bus arrives in city tomorrow", "text": "MANGALORE: The Gandhi Peace bus, covering 68 of the 394 places visited by Mahatma Gandhi, will arrive here on Monday, after a 22-day journey from Kanyakumari.The expedition organised by Kerala Gandhi Smarak Nidhi in association with the National Foundation for Communal Harmony and the Indian Council of Gandhian Studies, New Delhi, is an attempt to pay homage to the memory of the world's most celebrated icon of peace The inter-state Gandhi Peace bus is a unique youth campaign to spread Mahatma Gandhi's universal message of peace among the people.Kerala Gandhi Smarak Nidhi chairman N Radhakrishnan says that the main purpose of the expedition is to encourage the youth to follow the routes Gandhi travelled under a well-designed programme. Gandhi had visited 394 places between Kanyakumari and Mangalore.The convoy comprises of a passenger coach, an exhibition van, a tableau with Charka (spinning wheel) and accompanying vehicles. About 40 youth volunteers and 20 Gandhian activists are accompanying the caravan which has travelled across 1,200 km visiting 68 historical places immortalized by Gandhi's visit. The epic journey involved hosting or participating in 32 seminars, discussions and interactions, honouring of freedom fighters and Gandhian activists, distribution of Gandhian literature, Anti Violence Oath Taking, spinning wheel live demonstration, Gandhi pictorial exhibition, screening Gandhi films and Gandhi book exhibition.Mangalore is the concluding station for the campaign and on arrival the bus will first pay a visit to Gandhi Temple, Garodi, which is the only temple in the world to be dedicated to the Father of the Nation. This will be followed by a valedictory ceremony at Canara Girls' High School, Dongerkery for which Mahatma Gandhi had laid the foundation stone in 1934.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14538364", "title": "School bus status for autos on cards", "text": "NAGPUR: Due to lack of transport facilities in many schools across the state, the transport department is planning to include autorickshaws under the category of school bus policy.\"It is now compulsory for autorickshaws taking children to schools to have hard roofs and be covered from all sides,\" said city RTO Sarjerao Shelke.He told TOI that the transport commissioner's office in Mumbai has issued a school bus policy which has about 30 rules, including one that makes it mandatory for children to travel to school only by authorized buses and consideration to bring autorickshaws under the ambit of the policy.However, the policy has provided a sigh of relief for school bus operators as the transport commissioner has extended the age of a school bus from 15 years to 20 years, said Shelke.School-owned buses will be painted in yellow, as will be private buses, but with the addition of a brown strip. Besides, it will be compulsory for school buses to have firefighting equipment, speed governors and other safety measures. School buses in the city, which number 370, will also have to install speed governors as per the policy. A notification issued in April restricted the speed of school buses to 40 kmph.He said the policy will be enforced from July 1 when the department will start registering buses plying in schools. However, the deadline for the buses, which were registered before June 30, is August 31.The new policy* The buses must be painted yellow. Bus ownership by private operators should be indicated with a brown strip* Every bus should have an attendant* The distance between the lowest step of the bus and the ground should be 350mm* One fire extinguisher is must for buses with a seating capacity below 20 and two are must for buses with greater capacity* Every bus of capacity over 20 must have an exit door", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14539351", "title": "3 years on, plastic bag use rampant, ban only on paper", "text": "GURGAON: The administration first woke up to one of the major threats to the environment and took action against the use of plastic bags in the city about three years ago. However, the three-year-old ban on the use of plastic bags exists largely only on paper. The bags are still widely used by customers and shopkeepers in blatant defiance of the law.The Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG), in a special report in 2010, said that people carrying plastic bags thinner than 40mm and less than 12 X 18 inches would be liable to be challaned. The department declared a challan of Rs 500 on anyone who is caught with a plastic bag of the mentioned dimensions.The shopkeepers dispensing plastic bags were to be fined Rs 2,500 to Rs 5,000.Various agencies and non-government organizations (NGO) are trying to make people aware of the harmful effects of plastic bags and encourage them to use bags made of paper, cloth or jute.Vivek Kamboj, founder of an NGO, Haryali, has been distributing jute bags for free to various residents' welfare associations and social activists in Gurgaon.\"The beautiful jute bags are being distributed to people to educate people on the environmental hazards of plastic bags. We are not promoting paper bags because they can be used only once and they are made at the cost of trees. So jute is a good option. These bags also have a layer of plastic, but the layer is very thin. They are reusable and could last for about a year, depending on the usage,\" said Kamboj.Many NGOs have come up with the concept of environment-friendly bags which are priced at Rs 25 each and are expecting help from the RWAs, so that people develop the habit easily. These bags are in Tafetta fabric and one can carry up to 5kg to 6 kg of things in them easily. Even washing them is easy.Earlier this month, the Supreme Court had said that the threat of plastic bags was bigger than that of the atom bomb for the next generation.Issuing notice in a PIL to the Centre and state governments, a bench comprising Justice G S Singhvi and Justice S J Mukhopadhyay said that unless a complete ban was imposed on plastic bags, the situation would get out of hand.Not only NGOs but also the corporate sector is in the forefront of the fight for the cause. A certain retail chain, for instance, has been focusing on environmentally sustainable initiatives with goals of eliminating waste being powered by renewable energy and selling sustainable products to help people save money and lead a better life.To maintain environment sustainability, a supermarket chain gives its customers the option of carrying their purchases in eco-friendly cloth bags made from recycled fabric.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14541918", "title": "At least 20 kids yet to be traced in Ahmedabad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Eleven boys and nine girls - it is a figure that worries the city cops. A total of 20 children have gone missing in 2012 and they are yet to be traced. Police, however, claim that most of the cases are such that there is no news of missing children for more than two to three months. In most of the cases, the children are either found the same day or within a week.\"The awareness has been raised among the policemen and citizens alike. Thus, the new cases are taken up quickly and citizens also report a number of incidents that help us track the children. Most of the times, the children stray into nearby areas and get lost. In some unfortunate incidents, children leave the city or state boundaries ,\" said a senior police official. On Saturday, a team of Meghaninagar police spotted two children below the age of five years walking near Memco. They then started announcing in the area about the kids and later found their mother who had gone to freshen up. The children were reunited with their parents in two hours. Police learnt that they were the kids of a man owning cloth washing unit.Earlier, a study conducted by CID (Crime) revealed that from 2007 to 2011, a total of 2,670 children had been reported missing. Of these, 221 boys and 416 girls were traced in six drives conducted by various agencies ; 2,033, however, remain untraced.The study also showed that children leave their homes for reasons like love affair, failure in exam and problems at home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14536828", "title": "'Tackle drugs, get upscale tourists'", "text": "PANAJI: Goa's tourism sector needs to send out a strong message against drugs which is affecting tourism, said Chander Baljee, CMD, Royal Orchid Hotels . He was speaking at the Goa investment forum on Saturday, addressing an audience comprising largely of representatives of various companies. It was a panel discussion on the 'Next Growth Wave: IT and ITeS, pharma, light engineering and tourism.\"In Thailand , they have big boards which declare that anyone caught with drugs will be awarded the death penalty. Imagine the difference it would make if we had sniffer dogs (and other such deterrents) here,\" he said.He felt that ridding the state of the 'drug' tag was essential. \"Goa should try to get quality, high-end tourists.\"Stating that Goa was still not a safe place, Baljee felt that technology should be used to increase the safety of tourists and suggested creation of a special police SOS number for tourists.He added said the state needed to tackle the plastic problem. \"Plastic is littered all over the place,\" he saidm while advocating a ban on plastics. \"The state needs to create further infrastructure such as a bird park, safari and a golf course,\" he maintained, wondering why activists were opposing projects.He also felt a heritage planner should be hired to preserve the heritage of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14550586", "title": "Fire breaks out in Hyderabad's Jubilee Hall after Pranab's meeting", "text": "HYDERABAD: A fire broke out at Jubilee Hall here moments after UPA presidential nominee Pranab Mukherjee left the place.The fire was caused by a short circuit, according to TV reports.Pranab Mukherjee reached here on Sunday to seek support for his presidential candidature.Mukherjee drove to Jubliee Hall to address a Congress legislature party (CLP) meeting. Accompanied by central minister Ghulam Nabi Azad and Vayalar Ravi , he reached Hyderabad by a special aircraft from Chennai.Earlier, protest by a small group of pro-Telangana supporters greeted Mukherjee outside the Begumpet airport. Raising slogans of 'Jai Telangana', the protesters tried to stop his convoy but police foiled their attempt.The protesters belonging to various pro-Telangana groups wanted Mukherjee to spell out his stand on the demand for statehood to Telangana.Chief Minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy, state Congress chief Botsa Satyanarayana and party leaders welcomed the presidential candidate.(With inputs from IANS)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14542218", "title": "Chief secretary reviews Kumbh works", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief secretary Jawed Usmani has directed principal secretary, medical education to solve the problems being faced by Allahabad Medical College and Swaroop Rani Hospital by making a spot inspection and present his report to the government. Usmani, who was reviewing the progress of works of Kumbh Mela-2013 at a meeting on Saturday, asked the officials to identify the units polluting water and take necessary action in this regard. He tolf PWD officers to complete all construction within the deadline.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14543383", "title": "Rivals dig their heels in, party will decide", "text": "BANGALORE: The BJP high command's trouble-shooting mission ended on Saturday with a lot of rebel crossfire and uncertainty. Predictably, both the camps were heard out but no decision was taken on a change in leadership. After speaking to the warring factions, BJP's Karnataka in-charge Dharmendra Pradhan said the party was inching towards an amicable solution.But with chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda mum (he preferred to remain silent on Saturday) and B S Yeddyurappa remote-controlling the rebels, nobody is sure whether the solution will eventually be amicable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14538170", "title": "T A More is temporary Panjabrao Deshmukh Krishi Vidyapeeth VC", "text": "NAGPUR: Maharashtra governor K Sankaranarayanan has appointed Prof T A More as the temporary vice-chancellor of the Akola-based Dr Panjabrao Deshmukh Krishi Vidyapeeth (PDKV).More has been directed to take the charge of PDKV on June 3 evening as V M Mayande, the present university VC retires on the same day. \"A letter from the governor office has asked me to take the charge on Tuesday evening as the acting VC till further orders,\" said More told TOI. More is the vice-chancellor of the Mahatma Phule Krishi Vidyapeeth at Rahuri at present.Though the state government began the process of search for the new VC about two months ago, the process is not complete yet. The committee had issued an advertisement on May 28. The process of short-listing of candidates is going on from the over 45 applications received for the post. \"The process does take time. It is a two-tier process in which first the applications are invited and five persons are short listed for a direct interview by the governor,\" said More.However, sources in university say that the appointment of More as acting VC has not been welcomed by anyone. \"They should have given the charge to the divisional commissioner who is aware of the working of PDKV and could have set many things right before the full time VC takes over,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14557372", "title": "Teenager rapes four-year-old in Bundi", "text": "JAIPUR: A teenager has been sent to juvenile home for raping a four-year old girl in Gandoli police station area of Bundi district.According to the police, the incident took place in Chautrakakhera village near Gandoli on Saturday.\"The four-year old girl was on her way to buy some chocolates from a shop near her house when a 15-year old boy living in the neighbourhood lured her into coming to a nearby agriculture farm. He raped her there,\" said a police officer.The girl reached home crying. \"When the family members realized that she was raped, they approached the police. We traced the accused boy and put him under custody. As he is a minor, his identity is not being disclosed,\" said the officer.The girl's medical examination has been conducted. \"We are awaiting the report. The teenager was produced in a court and was sent to a juvenile home,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14540554", "title": "Transfer booking clerks, clip RPF powers: Users", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after the railways announced measures to check touts and the black market for proxy tickets, TOI readers, including former railway officials, cited other concerns and pitched alternative ideas to address the problem.Railway officials pointed out how the department's vigilance unit \u2014 unlike in neighbouring countries \u2014 has been granted quasi-judicial powers. \"Unless the RPF is made accountable like the GRP, things cannot improve,'' said a retired official.Another official called for a transparent policy of transferring booking clerks within a fixed duration. \"At present, a clerk works at a booking office for years. It's easy to develop a nexus with touts. Things will improve at the booking offices only if clerks are regularly transferred,'' said an officer.Some passengers wrote to TOI seeking separate Tatkal booking timings for different trains. \"The railways' idea of opening separate Tatkal lines and pushing the opening of counters to after 10 am are contradictory. The agents will again stand for hours before these special counters, blocking out common passengers. The only answer is to stagger Tatkal booking timings for each train,\" wrote a passenger.The Railway Police Force on Saturday morning launched simultaneous raids across Delhi and arrested four touts. Raids are also being conducted at ticket booking offices and several unauthorized agents have been detained. TOI had written about touts cornering most of the tickets, in a weeklong series.The railways will soon have separate counters and timings for Tatkal bookings, CCTVs will be installed at all booking centres and several changes will be made in e-ticketing as well as to curb malpractices. Officials have proposed to start Tatkal bookings from 10am and other advance bookings from 8am. The railways is planning to make identity cards compulsory for all reservations. Railway minister Mukul Roy will hold a meeting of top railway officials on Monday to discuss the proposals.The railways is also considering changing the Internet booking system to ensure that only one Tatkal booking is made per computer system. The railway ministry is planning to get a software that will allow just one booking per IP address.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14535099", "title": "Listless Sania Mirza-Mahesh Bhupati pair crashes out", "text": "LONDON: French Open champions and fifth seeds Mahesh Bhupathi and Sania Mirza bowed out of the tournament, falling 3-6, 1-6 to Russia's Alla Kudryavtseva and Australia's Paul Hanley in the second round of Wimbledon's mixed-doubles.It was a listless performance from a pairing that has made three Grand Slam finals, winning two of them. Sania was broken in the fourth game of the opening set when she double-faulted at break point. There was no coming back for the all-Indian pairing as they were broken again in the first, third and seventh games of the second set.A disappointed Sania said, \"Today wasn't our best day on the court. That was obvious. They got a little lucky early in the match and we didn't help our case by the way we played.\" The 25-year-old added, \"Besides, every match we play is not a warm-up for the Olympics. We've committed to playing all year together. We are playing Wimbledon right now which is a big enough tournament on its own. So, losing today isn't a tragedy, nothing about our stand changes.\"Bhupathi was dripping sarcasm. \"We weren't the automatic choice (for the Olympics) after we won the French Open. Maybe now, after we lost in the second round, they may ask us to play,\" he said.10th-seeds in the mixed-doubles Rohan Bopanna and China's Jie Zheng moved into the pre-quarterfinals without striking a ball as their second round opponents Brazil's Marcelo Melo and Russian Vera Zvonareva pulled out. The Russian had earlier retired from her third round singles match due to a chest-congestion.Paes-Stepanek in last-16Fourth seeds in the men's doubles, India's Leander Paes and Radek Stepanek of the Czech Republic blasted past the Israeli combine of Andy Ram and Jonathan Erlich 6-2, 6-4, 7-6 (7-5) in a second round match to reach the pre-quarterfinals.Paes and Stepanek struck early in the first and second sets against a team that was in the contest right until the end, refusing to make it easy for the Australian Open champions. However, in the third set, despite taking the upper hand, Erlich and Ram failed to seal the advantage.Paes said, \"It was a tough match, but we did what we had to do. I am glad Radek recovered from a tough singles match yesterday and we were able to come out and do our thing today. I thought we started very well, we competed well too. When they went up a break in the third set, we were able to come back.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "brs nagar", "code": "14541220", "title": "An environmentally aware birthday", "text": "BRS NAGAR: To celebrate his 70th birthday, retired professor from BRS Nagar Gurbir Singh Sarna took to spreading the message of conserving environment and water resources.Sarna is a member of Bhan Singh Club of BRS Nagar, which comprises many senior citizens, who are retired government officials and industrialists. Celebrating his birthday at the club, Sarna advised fellow members to keep the environment clean and pollution free, so that the future generations do not suffer. Sarna's friends from the club who attended his birthday celebrations at a neighbourhood park included vice-presidents Raj Gupta, Rampal Gupta; founder Sardar Kartar Singh Sethi and retired superintending engineer T S Pahwa.Club members gathered for Sarna's birthday at the B block park.\"We motivate people to plant more trees to keep city pollution free,\" said Sarna. Sarna also advised people to abstain from intoxicants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14557203", "title": "Kundapur records maximum rainfall in Karnataka", "text": "MANGALORE: South-West Monsoon was active in coastal districts of Karnataka and Kodagu with Kundapur in Kundapur taluk of Udupi district recording maximum rainfall of 95mm in the last 24-hours up to 8.30am on Sunday. Four districts recorded widespread and scattered rainfall respectively; two districts fairly widespread rain, 11 districts isolated rain; and nine districts negligible rain, K arnataka State Natural Disaster Monitoring Centre stated.Monsoon was normal in nine districts and weak in 21 districts. While two districts recorded heavy rain, three districts recorded rather heavy rain, and 11 districts moderate rain, six districts light rain; six others very light rain and two districts received no rainfall. Widespread, moderate to heavy rain was recorded in Kodagu, Dakshina Kannada Udupi and Uttara Kannada district; and fairly widespread, moderate rain in Hassan and Shimoga.Rainfall was scattered, moderate to rather heavy in Mysore, Gulbarga, Yadgir and Bidar; isolated, light to rather heavy rain was recorded in Ramanagar, Chikkaballapura, Tumkur, Chamarajnagar, Tumkur, Mandya, Raichur, Belgaum, Bagalkot, Bijapur, Haveri and Chikkamagalur. D ry weather condition prevailed in remaining parts of the State.Rainfall over Karnataka in the last 24-hours is considered as scattered since 24% of the hoblis and gram panchayats recorded rainfall of =2.5mm. Karnataka for the period June 1 to July 1 has received -38% less rainfall. Against normal weighted average rainfall of 204.7m in south-interior, north-interior, malnad and coastal parts, state received 126.6mm rainfall for the period. South-interior Karnataka recorded maximum departure of -62% for the period.For the 24-hours period ending 8.30am on July 1, the four geographical regions of Karnataka received 3.9mm actual weighted average rainfall against normal weighted average rainfall of 10.1mm, a departure of -61%. While malnad recorded a departure of -65% in the last 24 hours, south-interior Karnataka registered -61% deficit rainfall, north-interior Karnataka -51% and coastal districts, despite all the widespread rainfall, a deficit of -63%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14537155", "title": "Centre may limit NCTC powers", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre is preparing to make a fresh attempt to secure the support of states for the National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC).Sources in the P Chidambaram-led home ministry said that as part of a new bid to bring the states around, the Centre may have agreed to limit the power originally proposed to be vested in the NCTC to carry out arrests. The states had objected to the power conferred on the counter-terror body on grounds that it would mark an encroachment on their powers.The Naresh Chandra Committee on national security has suggested the proposed NCTC be not empowered to carry out arrests and searches under the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act.The Centre now proposes to ring NCTC's power with enough caveats so that it is exercised only as a \"matter of last resort\", said a source.Sources also said the Centre is also considering creating the NCTC \u2014 conceived as country's principal counter-terror agency \u2014 outside the Intelligence Bureau in order to get around another major objection that the states had raised to deny their consent. Naresh Chandra Committee has, however, not given such a recommendation.The panel, headed by the former Union Cabinet secretary, has also recommended that a full-time advisor be appointed to oversee various intelligence agencies, to ensure no duplication and to avoid turf battles between them.The proposed concessions to states on NCTC's power to make arrests and to locate it outside the Intelligence Bureau can possibly provide a breakthrough to the central government to reactivate its proposal to setup the federal coordination body on terrorism.Chandra on Thursday made an elaborate presentation to the National Security Council headed by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and comprising senior ministers, including P Chidambaram and A K Antony.The committee \u2014 setup to review the implementation of Kargil Committee recommendations and suggest new steps for modernizing security establishment \u2014 is supportive of the setting up of NCTC to coordinate national efforts to fight terror, and it believes the proposed mechanism could further improve Indian capability to fight terrorism.Sources said the committee has also not agreed with recommendations to take NCTC out of the IB. Some of the other intelligence agencies, many experts and some states had demanded that NCTC should be an independent body for effective coordination among all the agencies. Government is likely to keep NCTC out of IB, to placate opposition from states.The committee has also recommended appointment of a full-time advisor in the National Intelligence Board, which is chaired by the National Security Advisor and consists of the cabinet secretary, principal secretary to the PM and intelligence chiefs.The advisor would work as a coordinator between the intelligence agencies and ensure there is no turf battle among them. Besides, he is also expected to create some level of accountability for intelligence agencies. During the committee's interaction with various stakeholders, many had pushed for the appointment of a National Coordinator", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14540942", "title": "Buzz around body parts", "text": "For Jalandhar-based Varinder Kumar, 59, a recipient of a liver transplant, Pakistan will always be remembered with a moist eye and a warm heart. After all, he owes his life to a woman there.As Kumar's liver started failing earlier this year, he came to Delhi's Apollo Hospital . With no matching donors in his family, he finally underwent a swap transplant with Dileep Sachdeva, a Pakistani businessman in Sind who was in a similar predicament. Sachdeva's wife Amrita's blood group matched that of Kumar's . Meanwhile, Sunny, Kumar's son, had a similar blood group as Sachdeva. On June 2, Amrita gave part of her liver to Kumar and Sunny swapped part of his with Sachdeva in what is probably the first Indo-Pakistan swap liver transplant. Today, Kumar says gratefully, \"It's destiny that we met. Amrita calls me everyday and invited me to Pakistan. I'll go; they're like family to me now.\" And Sachdeva says philosophically , \"We are all one, at the end of the day.\"Such swap transplants, says Dr Subhash Gupta, chief liver transplant surgeon , Apollo Hospitals Group, will create more donors in an area where galloping demand surpasses supply, leading to various rackets. Transplants, the last resort for the terminally ill, be they extreme diabetics whose kidneys have failed, those with Hepatitis B/C with damaged liver or those with weak heart valves which necessitate a transplant, is an area where new frontiers are constantly being broken. Transplants are done on either living or deceased donors. \"We have come a long way since animal organs were experimentally transplanted in humans, leading to infections,\" says Gupta. \"Today, not only are many organs transplanted, but from mere survival we are talking about quality of life.\"Rakesh Aggarwal, an NRI, who underwent a kidney transplant five years back, knows all about quality of life. He used to have severe joint pain and got tired easily and was put on dialysis for eight weeks before he got a donor. \"Today, I feel rejuvenated . I was out of the hospital in nine days and back to work in two months.\" Even for liver transplants, the most complicated, success rates are almost 90%, says Gupta.Another frontier which has been opened is using incompatible donors, unthinkable a decade back. In fact, one of the prerequisites for organ transplantation is that the donor and recipient should have similar blood groups. But in an operation in Mumbai's Jaslok Hospital on June 7, a woman on dialysis was given her husband's kidney despite them having different blood groups. Blood plasma that contains antibodies and which can reject a foreign organ is removed and drugs given to suppress antibody production, says Dr Rushi Deshpande, the nephrologist who conducted this operation. Transplants are also being done with older recipients. Deshpande remembers doing a transplant 2-3 years back on a 45-year-old woman where the recipient was her fit 76-year-old mother. \"Chronological age doesn't always match biological age and these should be done on a case-to-cases basis,\" he says.Age being just a number even for heart transplants was proved by Dr K M Cherian, an eminent cardiologist. At his Chennaibased Frontier Lifeline Hospital, in 2009, the youngest interstate heart transplant was done between a three-year-old brain dead donor and a 21-month-old . Cherian says, \"New advances were possible with the passing of the Transplantation of Human Organs Act, 1994, after which it was possible to do transplants from brain dead donors. Earlier, only live donations were possible. Soon after, on September 23, 1995, I did the first heart transplant in India.\"Globally, too, many milestones have been achieved. In Sweden, a vein grown from stem cells was transplanted to a blocked vein in the liver, skin cell transplants in Detroit restored pigment in those with vitiligo and robots did partial liver transplants in Sicily.Yet, a lot more needs to be done in India. The lack of a national registry, says Dr Umesh Oza, secretary of the Indian Society of Organ Transplantation, means there's no knowledge of how many transplants have been done. Cherian says it's time there was an all-India data base of donors. Examples can be gleaned from the Organ Procurement and Transplantation Network of the US or UK Transplant Centre . \"Co-ordination between hospitals will reduce the demand-supply burden. Unfortunately , we Indians have a crab syndrome and don't like anyone coming up,\" he says.A small beginning, though, has been made in Tamil Nadu with the Multi Organ Harvesting Aid Network Foundation which shares organ information between some hospitals in TN and Andhra Pradesh. In Mumbai, the Zonal Transplant Co-coordination Committee does a similar job.Another drawback is that diseased donor transplants still haven't caught on in India. \"There's unfounded fear about it,\" says Oza, \"thanks to various kidney scams. Some even think they will be reborn in the next life minus those organs.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "ferozepur", "code": "14541221", "title": "Surjeet shows political bent", "text": "FEROZEPUR: Surjeet Singh, 75, who has been released after spending 30 years in Pakistani jails, has his eyes set on a political career. He is hoping to get a break in state politics after winning the sarpanch elections to be held in January next year.\"People want me to fight the next assembly elections. I would like to do so if given a chance. As of now, villagers are putting pressure on me to become the village sarpanch. Before I left the country, I used to be involved in solving people's problems and want to get back to doing that,\" he told TOI on Saturday.A huge tent is still up outside his house to facilitate visitors even as sweets continue doing the rounds in celebration of his return.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14541429", "title": "Grandpa of everyone in UK: DNA links man to Eve", "text": "LONDON: A retired lecturer who took a DNA test to find out where his ancestors came from has been found to be directly descended from the first woman on earth, Eve , who lived 190,000 years ago.The test revealed that Ian Kinnaird has a genetic marker inherited from his mother that traces his ancestry to an African lineage that has not been found before in Western Europe. Researchers from Britain's DNA, who carried out the tests, said the result meant that in genetic terms he was a \"thoroughbred\" , and could be described as the \"grandson of Eve, or the grandfather of everyone in Britain\" .They were so surprised by the results that they phoned the 72-year-old , a widower who lives in Scotland , to break the news to him. They said his mitochondrial DNA passed through the female line, was 30,000 years old and only two genetic mutations removed from the first woman, while most men have a genome with around 200 mutations since the earliest humans.\"It is an astonishing result and means he could have been in the 'Garden of Eden' ,\" the Telegraph quoted Alistair Moffat, the historian and rector of St Andrews University, as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14537171", "title": "HC upholds information commission's order", "text": "KOCHI: State Information Commission's order asking an assistant public information officer (APIO) from Kozhikode to pay fine of Rs 10,000 was upheld by the Kerala High Court. The officer had first declined and then delayed information on RTI query by seven months.Kozhikode tahasildar Janil Kumar, who was designated as APIO - while working as a junior superintendent at the office of Vadakara tahasildar - had declined to provide information, when P Radhakrishnan from Tharopine in Vadakara filed an application under Right to Information Act of 2005. He also added some sarcastic comments.Following this, the RTI applicant filed an appeal before the State Information Commission, which imposed a penalty of Rs 10,000 after finding that information was declined by Kumar for no good reason. and his actions had resulted in a seven-month delay. The RTI applicant had to file a request again and wait for the answer.Though the APIO had challenged the information commission's order before a single bench of the high court, the court declined to interfere with theorder or the penalty. After this, the APIO preferred an appeal before division bench of Justice CN Ramachandran Nair and Justice PS Gopinathan.Disposing the appeal, the court held that the information commission and the single judge had considered the circumstances leading to the denial of the request for information and rightly arrived at a conclusion that there was wilful omission on the part of the APIO, and that it is a finding based on facts.Along with ruling that no error was found to be rectified in appeal, the division bench reduced the penalty to Rs 5,000, considering the fact that the APIO is not a highly paid officer and that it is a first instance at his hands.Kochi: State Information Commission's order asking an assistant public information officer (APIO) from Kozhikode, who first declined and then delayed information on RTI query by seven months, to pay fine of Rs 10,000 was upheld by the Kerala High Court.Kozhikode tahasildar Janil Kumar, who was designated as APIO while working as a junior superintendent at the office of Vadakara tahasildar, had declined to provide information, along with adding some sarcastic comments, when P Radhakrishnan from Tharopine in Vadakara applied under Right to Information Act of 2005.Following this, the RTI applicant filed an appeal before the State Information Commission, which imposed a penalty of Rs 10,000 after finding that information was declined by Janil Kumar for no good reason and a delay of seven months was caused by the APIO's action as the RTI applicant had to file a request again and wait for the answer.Though the APIO had challenged the information commission's order before a single bench of the high court, the court declined to interfere with the order or the penalty. After this, the APIO preferred an appeal before division bench of Justice CN Ramachandran Nair and Justice PS Gopinathan.Disposing the appeal, the division bench held that the information commission and the single judge had considered the circumstances leading to the denial of the request for information and rightly arrived at a conclusion that there was wilful omission on the part of the APIO, and that it is a finding based on facts.Along with ruling that no error was found to be rectified in appeal, the division bench reduced the penalty to Rs 5,000, considering the fact that the APIO is not a highly paid officer and that it is a first instance at his hands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14538478", "title": "Doctor\u2019s Day: Alternate medicine: To be or not to be a \u2018Dr\u2019", "text": "NAGPUR: Thought to be among the most educated and sophisticated part of the society, members of the medical field have their fair share of discrimination and factionalism. Those armed with an MBBS degree seem not too pleased with those with degrees like physiotherapy and occupational therapy or those practicing traditional medicine undeserving of prefixing their names with a 'Dr'.With the declining doctor-patient ratio in the country and lesser number of doctors willing to work in rural areas, the government is trying to utilize the army of traditional medicine practitioners like those practicing Ayurveda , Unani and Siddha into the mainstream. At such a time, an infighting among the medicos about the rightful use of the coveted title comes as a surprise. Not only the non-MBBS', the physiotherapists also had to bear the brunt of this, some even moving court over the issue.\"In the West, only the highly qualified specialists are free to have the title, while most others suffix their names with their degrees. The Delhi High Court has given us the go-ahead to use the title as well as suffix our names with a PTE to indicate our specialization. Yet, many doctors still do not like physios calling themselves doctors,\" said Dr Vishal Patle, the convener of the Nagpur branch of Indian Association of Physiotherapists. He said that in a day when physiotherapy and occupational therapy have become an integral part of modern medicine, discrimination against the practitioners of these therapies is unfortunate and misleading. \"We have all the necessary case studies and publications to establish the scientific base of our therapies,\" he added.The biggest difficulty for physiotherapists is not having a central regulatory body to govern their actions, believed renowned physiotherapist Dr Ashish Agrawal. \"As most of our patients are referred to us by other doctors, several times our advice is overlooked by them. Things are changing with people realizing in what situations can they come to a physiotherapist directly instead of consulting a physician first,\" he said.\"As many as 90% of the primary health centres in the country are being run by the practitioners of traditional medicine. In smaller towns and villages even if MBBS doctors are present, many people prefer traditional medics as their consultancy fees is comparatively less. Even the Maharashtra Government in a GR has given us the right to practice modern medicine to the extent of training we have received during our studies,\" said Dr Jai Chhangani, secretary of the city branch of National Integrated Medical Association (NIMA).Agreed Dr Pravin Dangore, president of NIMA Nagpur saying, \"We have been given an equivalent position in the state under the Maharashtra Medical Practitioners Act, 1951. Many other states have also provided similar stature to traditional medicine. However, we are at the receiving end of many unjustified barbs and actions despite the services we provide.\"Instead of segregation of medical fraternity based on practice, there should be a united aim of providing the best possible treatment to the patients, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14555323", "title": "After Charan, it is Pawan for Scarlett Wilson", "text": "London-born Scarlett Wilson, who scorched the dance floor with her super hit number, \"Imported Kamariya\", in Dibakar Banerjee's \" Shanghai \" and went on to do a much-hyped item number with Ram Charan for \"Yevadu\", is now shooting for a sensuous number with Pawan Kalyan. Director Puri Jagannadh, who is shooting for the song at Saradhi studios in Hyderabad, was reportedly impressed with Scarlett's hot moves in \"Shanghai\" and had roped her in for Pawan's \"Cameraman Ganga Tho Rambabu\" (\"CGTR\"). Sources say that Puri is giving his best shot for the song, \"Ekkado Naram Naligipoyindi\", scored by Mani Sharma and is likely to wrap it up in two days. It is also learnt that the \"CGTR\" item song is loaded with the Srikakulam accent. Meanwhile, Scarlett's item song in \"Yevadu\" is a closely guarded secret, although Charan's tweet boasts that the track shot by Vamsi Paidipally is going to be the \"king of all item numbers\". However, beating Charan abbai (nephew) at his game, Pawan babai's (uncle) item number with Scarlett, is all set to hit the screens first on October 18, while Charan's film is set for release only next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14538536", "title": "Railways electrical institute to be set up in Nashik", "text": "NASHIK: A new training institute by the Indian Railways is in the offing. Commending the job of electrical engineers in the Indian Railways, a member of the railway board, Kulbhushan, said that the board had decided to open a Superintendent Training Institute, at its Indian Railways Institute of Electrical Engineering, Nashik campus (IRIEEN), Nashik Road.\"There are challenges for engineers, the biggest being safe and efficient transportation. The railways is contemplating better training and research facility for its engineers,\" Kulbhushan, who was addressing trainees in IRIEEN, said. He also said that the railways was considering raising two power plants. \"Power is becoming expensive and currently the power is sourced from state power plants. The railways is planning to set up two plants meet its own needs to an extent,\" Kulbhushan said. He added that the railways was going to undertake electrification of the 1,500-km Jammu-Kashmir-Mughal-Sarai route.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14536947", "title": "Corporation employees to work today to make up for lost hours", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The corporation office will present a very unlikely picture on Sunday. It will have all its counters open and the entire office will be abuzz with activity with the employees belonging to the Kerala Municipal Corporation Staff Union working from 10am to 5pm like any other working day.The decision to work on Sunday has been taken to compensate for the alleged delay in completing work on account of the rift between UDF councillors and corporation staff. It was also pointed out that the rift might delay the submission of projects for utilization of plan funds during the financial year 2012-13.\"We have been receiving complaints from various quarters that we have been shirking our official responsibilities. In fact we have never compromised on our duties towards the public. That is why we thought we will work on Sunday and attend to the needs of the public,\" said a corporation official.Three weeks ago there was reportedly an open confrontation between corporation staff and UDF councillors at the corporation premises. The councillors were staging a dharna demanding the resignation of mayor K Chandrika, which later turned violent after councillors allegedly blocked corporation staff from entering the office. Following the incident, six corporation staff allegedly involved in the scuffle were suspended. The Kerala Municipal Corporation Staff Union then staged dharnas and protests in front of the secretariat demanding the withdrawal of cases against the corporation staff. Earlier also, the staff at the corporation office have worked on holidays to clear backlog.\"Whenever we have felt the need to work on a Sunday, we have done it. This time, though there is no backlog, we thought we ought to display our commitment to our duty even as people allege laxity on our part,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "14543185", "title": "Flood situation improves in Majuli", "text": "JORHAT: The flood situation in Majuli improved on Saturday after the water level of the Brahmaputra receded over the past three days. As a result, hundreds of affected people have started returning home from relief camps. However, locals are facing acute shortage of food and other essential commodities.\"The flood situation has improved in almost all parts of Majuli and people are returning home,\" said Majuli sub divisional officer Sonaram Khanikar. He added that although the actual amount of damage by floods is yet to be ascertained, preliminary reports suggest it is worth several crores.\"We are yet to talk to PWD, PHE, Brahmaputra Board, food and civil supply and water resources department to ascertain the actual damage. But preliminary reports suggest property worth several crores have been damaged,\" he said. He added that the problem will be sorted out after resumption of regular ferry services with Neematighat.Over 1 lakh people of more than 80 villages in the island have been affected by floods over the past five days. Six satras (Vaisnaviate monastries) of the hub of the Vaishnavite culture were also submerged by the floodwaters on Friday. Upper Majuli is the worst-hit where the main embankment of the Brahmaputra was washed away. More than 5000 people, located adjacent to the breached part of the embankment, become homeless and they have no alternative but to live on embankments in the future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "14543087", "title": "Space-based info kiosk on NE launched in Delhi", "text": "SHILLONG: The Union ministry for development of north eastern Region (DoNER) has launched a space-based information kiosk on North Eastern Region (SBIK-NER) in New Delhi.\"The main objective of the SBIK-NER is to provide relevant information on each of the eight NE states to the minister for DoNER, secretaries and officials, as well as visitors of the region, on a touchscreen-based display panel through user friendly software environment developed by NESAC ( North Eastern Space Application Centre),\" an official statement said.\"The Phase-I version of SBIK-NER contains state-wise information on land use land cover, wetlands, wastelands, land degradation map, roads and other valuable information. It also contains state-wise imagery of advanced wide field sensor of IRS-P6 satellite,\" the paper added.Union minister of state for DoNER Paban Singh Ghatowar said SBIK-NER is also linked with a portal called North Eastern District Resource Plans of Meghalaya, which aims to provide space technology inputs for preparing detailed project report for the benefit of district administrations, as well as concerned line departments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14540630", "title": "Artificial \u2018heart\u2019 beats for 52-year-old", "text": "NEW DELHI: For four days, Ravinder Kumar (52) lived without a heart, literally. In order to repair a serious defect in his valves, doctors had to replace the organ \u2014 which was too weak to even pump blood \u2014 with an artificial device.Left Ventricular Assist Device (LVAD), a machine which mimics the heart's functions, offers a ray of hope to thousands of patients whose hearts are too weak to survive a life-saving surgery and those waiting for heart transplant, say doctors. In western countries like the US, research is on to develop the miniature version of the machine into a mechanical circulatory support device which can permanently replace the natural heart.\"The heart and lung machine, which is commonly used to support organs during cardiac surgeries, also works on the same principle but it can only function for four to six hours. Also, prolonged use can cause severe side-effects which may eventually lead to death due to heavy bleeding. On the other hand, LVADs can pump blood for two weeks or even more thus increasing the window period for doctors to correct the heart defect,\" said Dr Sujoy Shad, senior consultant cardiac surgeon at Sir Ganga Ram Hospital who conducted the successful surgery.He said that Kumar was brought to the hospital in a state of shock because of severe choking in the main valve of his heart and leakage in another valve. His heart had lost its pumping power.\"Despite powerful medications, his blood pressure hovered at 70-80 mm hg. His heart was working at only 15% of its normal capacity. He may not have survived for more than a week if it wasn't for the surgery. The leaking valve was repaired and the aortic valve which had constricted to the size of a pinhole causing restriction in flow of blood was replaced during the operation,\" said Dr Sanjiv Dhawan, senior consultant cardiologist at the hospital.Doctors said that in Kumar's case LVAD was used for five days to perform the heart's functions like ensuring optimum supply of blood to other organs.\"The patient can breathe now; he is also able to walk and talk. He will be discharged soon,\" said Dr D S Rana, chairman, Sir Ganga Ram Hospital . He added that not all heart failure patients need to undergo a transplant as doctors can repair the damage with the help of new-age techniques.Kumar's son Vikrant Kumar, who was ecstatic with the outcome of the surgery, said, \"We tried to sell the house to pay for the operation but our relatives and friends arranged the money for us,\" he said.Dr Ashok Seth, chairman of cardiovascular sciences at Fortis Escorts Heart Institute was among the first doctors to use LVAD for treating heart failure patients in India. He implanted the device in an 82-year-old patient suffering from blockage in three arteries in 2007.Doctors at AIIMS have also conducted similar procedures. \"We have operated seven patients using LVAD. One patient recently underwent a transplant also,\" said Dr A K Bisoi, senior cardiac surgeon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14540442", "title": "Narcotics department inspector among 5 held for running kidnapping racket", "text": "JAIPUR: A 59-year old Kota-based inspector in the narcotics department, a home guard jawan, a narcotics department informer and two others have been arrested in Kota for running a kidnapping racket and extorting money from farmers involved in opium cultivation.Police also seized Rs 2.10 lakh and 10 kg opium from their possession.The five men were arrested by Madhya Pradesh police on Saturday after they had kidnapped two men from Neemuch area in Madhya Pradesh two days ago.They allegedly demanded a ransom of Rs 15 lakh from the families. While one of the victims was freed by the kidnappers after his family paid Rs 2.40 lakh, the other was rescued by a joint team of MP and Kota police on Saturday.Police claimed that the gang was involved in kidnap of at least half a dozen men recently.The inspector - Parmanand Meena - was posted at the deputy commissioner's office in Kota and was transferred to Gazipur in Madhya Pradesh on May 28. He was yet to join duty. The cops raided his house at Mahaveer Nagar locality and seized Rs 2.10 lakh and 10 kg opium.MP inspector Pradeep Kumar told TOI over phone that Meena was running a kidnapping and extortion racket with help of a home guard jawan Naharu Lal, a narcotics department informer Motilal and two others identified as Tribhuvan and Hariom. They would threaten to register complaint against farmers under the NDPS Act, and then extort money.\"The gang had kidnapped Satya Narayana and Bunty alias Babalu Bairagi from the Neemuch area on June 28. Both are farmers and we are trying to ascertain whether the victims were cultivating opium. They brought them to Choudhary Lounge in Kota and demanded a ransom of Rs 15 lakh to release them,\" said inspector Kumar.He said Bunty paid Rs 2.40 lakh, of which Rs 2.10 lakh was recovered from Meena's house on Saturday. \"The gang was waiting to get the money from Satya Narayana's family when we raided the lounge with help of Kota police,\" the officer said.\"The five have been arrested and booked for kidnapping and extortion. Further investigation is on,\" said the officer. Meena owns a palatial house in Kota where his wife and children stay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14538676", "title": "34 children escape from juvenile home", "text": "CHENNAI: Thirty-four children who ran away from the government home for boys in Royapuram, where those rescued from the streets are taken for shelter. They bent the rusted grille gate, scaled the compound wall and escaped. The Royapuram police later rescued 25 children from Chennai Central and CMBT and search is on for the remaining nine.\"There are 150 of them in the home and around 34 scaled the wall around 3 am on Saturday and escaped. An in charge who noticed the children missing alerted us,\" said an investigating officer.Residents in the neighbouring building said that the children were subjected to torture and were made to wash the vessels. They also said that around five children went missing from the home, two months ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "14541945", "title": "Role of plays in educating society accented", "text": "Dharwad: Theatre has played a major role in entertaining and educating society in its own way and has been a popular medium since long. But with the onslaught of TV and western culture, the professional drama companies have been sidelined, said noted artist Anil Desai.Speaking at a seminar on 'Present scenario of Kannada theatre and challenges,' organized by the Bhagyavanthi Natya Sangha of Bagalkot, in association with the Kannada and Culture Department at Suvarna Sammuchaya in Dharwad on Saturday, Desai explained that till the eighties drama companies dominated in rural areas with cinemas being confined to urban centres.When TV entered the homes, it spelled doom for theatre activities particularly to the professional companies, Desai observed.He highlighted the importance of unique culture of professional drama companies alive by providing due support.Earlier, delivering a lecture on 'Rural theatre play', Prof Devika Nagarkar stated that drama is an extended part of folklore music. 'Daasara aata', 'Doddaata' 'Sannataata' and Yakshaghana were staged based on mythology and inculcated the lessons of religion and culture.Bhagyavanthi Natya Sangha President Prema Badami stated that the Sangha will hold plays on three days beginning from June 30 at Basavaraj Rajguru Natya Mandir located at Rangayana. The shows will begin at 6:30 pm and the entry for audience is free.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "14540440", "title": "Maderna puts jail authorities in a quandary", "text": "JODHPUR: The health condition of Mahipal Maderna , one of the main accused in the Bhanwari case, has posed a riddle for Jodhpur central jail authorities, specially after the receipt of his medical report from the MDM Hospital.While the report suggests surgery for the former minister for his prolapsed disc, the jail authorities are worried that he may refuse to undergo any operation as he had done in the past many months. The jail authorities are also unable to shift him to Jaipur jail, which the court has ordered three months back, due to his health condition.In his health condition, Maderna could neither be allowed to travel unless in a position recommended by the medical report nor the surgery can be inside the jail premises.\"We have written to the doctor to ask Maderna, whether he was willing to for the surgery. If he agrees, we will arrange for the same at a place where he wishes to. And if he denies like he has been doing for the past few months, we will inform the court, which will decide as to how to deal with this matter,\" jail superintendent A R Nyazi said.Though the report has not ruled out travelling for him but has recommended that he has to be carried out in leaning position and has been advised to lie down on bed. \"But the problem can be solved only through an immediate surgery,\" neurosurgeon Sunil Garg, who headed the medical board, said.Meanwhile, the CBI is preparing to produce the FBI report of the charred bones of Bhanwari Devi in the court on July 5, the day the case is scheduled. \"After submission of this report in the court on July 5, this report will be given to the counsels of the accused,\" senior special counsel (CBI) Ashok Joshi said.CBI may also plead before the court to conduct the trial through video-conferencing from jail itself. The security forces were shaken by the brazen move to attack police and help Kailash Jakhar escape.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "14541927", "title": "Vacant site owners will face the music", "text": "HUBLI: Empty sites remain an eyesore in the city. Due to lack of maintenance, these sites are full of garbage and have turned breeding ground for mosquitoes. Faced with the fear of dengue spreading in Hubli, mayor Panduranga Patil on Saturday warned the owners of empty sites to keep their sites clean, failing which a show cause notice will be slapped on them.Cleanliness and sanitation was the top agenda at the general body meeting of the HDMC held on Saturday. The mayor said if the site owners fail to clean the sites even after being served the notice, the corporation will send its workers for cleaning and the charges will be added to the property tax on site, to be paid by the owner.He called upon site owners to cooperate with the corporation in keeping the city clean.Several corporators poured in their woes at the meeting with respect to lack of cleanliness in their wards. They said garbage is not being cleared regularly and mounds of garbage heaps on the roadside are causing diseases. Deepak Chinchore, former opposition party leader of the HDMC said that the corporation has failed to keep the city clean, resulting in the rise in dengue cases.Dasharath Wali, opposition party leader also raised his voice about lack cleanliness in the city and said 'Operation Dirty' has not been implemented in several wards, and people have not got any buckets or containers to keep the garbage. BJP Replying to a question by the corporators, Shivananda Muttannavar, chairman of the standing committee for public health and social justice said he has prepared many plans regarding cleanliness in the city, but health officers and other officers of the department are not cooperating with him.HDMC commissioner Y S Patil said cleanliness drive will be taken up in the city. The executive engineer for solid waste management will be in-charge of the works.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14542206", "title": "India\u2019s 1st comedy king", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Noor Mohammed Memon was the first comedy star of Hindi films. He introduced Charlie Chaplin's style to Indian cinema, which was later adopted by Raj Kapoor.Hailing from Ranavav village of Porbandar, Noor Mohammed was a big fan of Chaplin. His adaptation of Chaplin was so popular in those days that he came to be known as Noor Mohammed Charlie. He stood out among the band of comedians of the era \u2014 Nazir Mohammed and Manohar Dixit. And, his popularity and stardom made him charge even more than Prithviraj Kapoor at one point.\"Noor Mohammed developed a style of comedy of his own, which influenced great comedians like Johnny Walker and Mehmood,\" says film historian Harish Raghuvanshi. \"Not only was his method followed, but his films also spurred remakes by other comedians later.\"Noor Mohammed never liked going to school. Instead, he spent most of his time in cinema halls. After dropping out of school, he grew up engaging in the small business of repairing umbrellas in Mumbai. One day, he just went to the Imperial Film Company and offered his services. He was immediately taken in at a salary Rs 40 when he said he could sing as well. He began his career in 1925 and by 1931, he had acted in nine silent films.Noor Mohammed became more popular with the advent of talkies, when he acted in 'Zarina' (1932). By the time he left for Pakistan after partition, he had 30 other films on his name. He worked with leading directors and sang with famous singers of that era like Amirbai Karnataki.Javed Akhtar was not the first lyricist to write 'Ek do teen...' for Tezaab in 1980s. Noor Mohammed wrote and sang 'Ek do teen...' in his film 'Dhandhora'. The song was an instant hit and controversial too and efforts were made to ban it. His decision to go to Pakistan marked the downfall in his career. He could not succeed there and returned in 1960. 'Akeli Mat Jaiyo' in 1963 was his last film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14558290", "title": "Super Specialty hospital to resume angiography and angioplasty", "text": "NAGPUR: Finally, after a gap of about six months, the Super Specialty Hospital (SSH) attached to the Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) will now restart the angiography and angioplasty procedures. The Cath Lab of SSH had become defunct as its life was over. The new lab has cost the college about Rs5 crore.On Saturday, SSH hospital got three truckloads of equipment from Wipro GE and the lab is expected to become functional in 10 days. GMCH had given the Cath lab work on turnkey basis to Wipro GE, which included construction as well as electrical work.Dr Mukund Deshpande, professor and head of cardiology department of SSH told TOI that as many as 2,500 angiography and 400 angioplasty procedures are performed annually in the Cath lab.Officer on special duty in the SSH, who heads the hospital, Dr Sudhir Gupta says the hospital will resume cardiological procedures at the most by July 15. Though there was loss to the patients with the closure of the Cath lab, needy and urgent patients were being sent to selected private hospitals under the state government scheme of Jeevandayi yojna, under which even the private sector charged the patient only Rs5,000 for angiography and Rs70,000 for angioplasty.Meanwhile, until the company engineers install the Cath Lab, the company has provided SSH with a portable lab where at least 2-5 angiography procedures can be performed daily. \"\"It is good that we can begin with the angiography procedures and in 10 days we would get back to our patients and inform them about the lab becoming functional again to resume regular work,\"\" said Dr Deshpande.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "5047588", "title": "8 Top reasons why men cheat", "text": "There are reasons galore why men pull wool over the eyes of their wives. Oftentimes, it's out of spite and neglect, while the other times, it's because they feel they will never be caught.What makes men cheat? Dr Kamal Khurana, relationship counselor, dug through past research on male infidelity, and has even counseled couples and has arrived at the conclusion that most answers are from the wife's point of view. Here, some of his findings:1. Disturbance in the marriage as the primary reason  When there are regular fights at home with his wife, which are left unresolved, a pattern sets in wherein he continues to be unhappy and 'disturbed'. In this kind of a scenario, either he can fight or he can flee. When he looks for an affair, he is looking to flee from dealing with the issues in the marriage, and be comfortable with that 'other person'. It is telling oneself that the problems do not affect anyone and life can continue in a better way with a parallel support.2. Cheating men report boredom led to the affair  Some men may find the routine of a married life to be tedious and dull. These men find it easier to shift dominance or primacy to another relationship and feel the spark outside to be a thrilling option; instead of finding ways of charging their marriage. It becomes present moment for gratification versus the hard job that they will have to do in their marriage to resolve an issue. The extra-marital relationship provides them with a readymade and fresh experience, which is appealing enough to take the risk.3. Cheating men love to experiment sexually  Sex has always been and will always be an integral part of a marriage. While some men are quite content spending the rest of their lives having sex with the same wife for many years, others prefer to experiment more as a need, rather than as an option. They want to sleep with many women, many times, and therefore do not think twice before an extra-marital alliance. It perhaps makes them feel sexually powerful and more adept than others.4. Cheating men are emotionally dissatisfied  When their wives are too busy with their own lives, working or bringing up children or even looking after in-laws and parents, emotionally, men are left high and dry. But men are emotionally driven beings too. They want their wives to show them that they're appreciated, and they want women to understand how hard they're trying to get things right. Most men consider it unmanly to ask for a pat on the back, which is why their emotional needs are often overlooked. Sometimes the couple may not be compatible so however much the wife may do, the man will always find something to complain about.It may also happen that the woman he cheats with is his co-worker or boss, someone who praises him, looks up to him, and compliments his efforts. That's another reason why it's so critical that he feel valued at home.5. Cheating men have a history of EMR  Some men, in their childhood, may have witnessed cheating in their parent's marriage. This somewhere gives them a message that it is okay to cheat, even though deep inside they know this is wrong. All of us learn from our parents, so taking the risk is good enough. This acquired learning also happens through cheating resorts taken by elder siblings, neighbours, peer group and everybody who has been impacted. Sometimes as teenagers and young adults, some men have had multiple relationships, these men either intentionally or accidentally end up going back to their ex-girlfriends. The other lot goes back to their past style of having multiple relationships. It is well said, what a mind thinks, achieves. So there are females also who are either consciously or unconsciously looking for such men.6. Cheating men have wives who cheat  Men also take revenge with their cheating wives, by having multiple relationships themselves. Even if their wives are guilty and come accept their extra-marital relationships, some men continue with their tricks. This is mostly done by men who don't want to forgive their spouses.7. Cheating men think it to be 'divorce'  Some men are willfully adulterous and use it as a means for acquiring divorce. The law also considers adultery as a fair ground for the wife to seek a divorce. The man is cheating openly and is in a non-receptive mood, taking the wife's feelings of frustration to an all-time high. Although this percentage is less but it is there.8. Cheating men need to be needed  When men feel that they are not needed by their wife anymore, they look out for some other woman, who can understand them and make them feel special. As an obvious outcome of a new relationship, they get that feeling from the other woman. And suddenly when they are showered with attention, which they haven't received in a very long time in their marriage, they toss their hands in the air and get deep into the new hot and happening relationship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14540945", "title": "3-4% dip in second cutoff at Rajasthan University colleges", "text": "JAIPUR: The constituent colleges of the Rajasthan University- Rajasthan College and Maharaja's College- announced second cutoff list on Saturday.A dip of 4-5% was seen in the cutoffs for Mathematics and biology (pass) programmes.At Maharaja's College, the cutoff for Maths was lowered to 80.92% for general category against 84.46% in the first list.Similarly, for biology (pass) course the cutoff for general candidates is now 68.8%, a sharp fall of 4% from 72.83%. The college has 320 seats each for BSc in biology and Maths. The college administration said it has received around 5,000 forms against 1,200 seats.The cutoff for biology (pass) course category wise is: 67.2% for Other Backward Classes (OBC), 63% for Scheduled Caste (SC) and 61.6% for Scheduled Tribe (ST). For Maths, it is 80% for OBC, 72.4% for SC and 75% for ST.The Rajasthan College also released its second list for BA pass course. The cutoff for general candidates has now dropped to 76.8% from 78.20%. For OBCs it's 73.6%, while for SC and ST candidates it's 70% and 74.2%.Students are now eagerly waiting for Maharaja's College first cutoff list for chemistry, which will be announced on July 2. The second cutoff for physics too will be out on the same day.Meanwhile, Maharani's College saw a steady flow of students throughout the day, eager to check the cutoff. Colleges may come up with a third list too for some courses, official sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14548144", "title": "Tom Cruise films in Iceland after Katie Holmes files for divorce", "text": "Tom Cruise was pictured flying over Iceland in a helicopter, en route to a movie shoot, just a day after his wife, Katie Holmes , filed for divorce.He wore a pair of aviator shades as he took off in a private helicopter from Reykjavik , the New York Post reported.According to his rep, the 49-year-old actor is in Iceland, filming his new movie, ' Oblivion .'It is the first time the ' Mission : Impossible ' star has been seen in public since Holmes filed to end their five and half-year marriage and seek sole custody of the couple's 6-year-old daughter, Suri, on Thursday.Meanwhile, a fight may be brewing over where the divorce takes place. While Holmes filed for divorce in Manhattan - the couple own a townhouse on West 12th Street - and according to Radar Online, Cruise will file for divorce in California, where he is expected to have an easier time getting joint custody of Suri.\"There is absolutely no way that he is going let Katie have sole custody,\" a source told the celebrity-gossip website.\"The lines are being drawn, and this is going shape up to be a very contentious custody battle.\"Holmes, 33, allegedly filed for divorce because she didn't want her Scientologist hubby's kooky \"religion\" or his pals to have any part in Suri's upbringing or education now that she's old enough to start school.Cruise and Holmes got married in a lavish ceremony at an Italian castle on November 28, 2006.This is the third marriage Cruise has seen go down in flames.His first marriage was to actress Mimi Rogers and second to Nicole Kidman .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14535951", "title": "Is Bhopal ready for a smooth BRTS ride?", "text": "BHOPAL: Is the city prepared for a Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS)? Will it be a boon or bane for the society? A major section of the residents of Bhopal feel BRTS cannot be successful in the city with chaotic traffic system and poor traffic sense among the motorists.\"In a developing city like Bhopal, steps should have been taken first to improve the basic infrastructure before going ahead with the BRTS project. Citizens also need some grooming to adopt themselves to such a disciplined system,\" said Ragshree, a social activist.\"BRTS may turn out to be a bane for the residents,\" Dhanesh Dixit, head, Bhopal's citizen's forum, said. \"With the commuters not following the traffic rules properly, it is going to be difficult for the corporation to manage traffic and it could later lead to chaos.\"While implementing the BRTS corridor project, it is also being pointed out that the corporation has deviated from the specifications proposed in the original detailed project report (DPR) approved in 2007.As per the initial DPR, the width of the dedicated corridor was 30 metres and the width of the road on both sides was 30m each. However, the present 'riding surface' of the dedicated corridor is 25m.Congress corporator Mahira Salamuddin said: \"BMC has changed the basic concept of the BRTS corridor and overlooked the specifications on the basis of which DPR was passed by BMC council in 2007.\"\"Congress always opposed the BRTS project as the city was not prepared for this development,\" she added.Former mayor Sunil Sood said \"Then, there was pressure from the BJP-ruled state government for getting the proposal approved in the BMC council. Now though BRTS project is going ahead, I am keeping my fingers crossed\".Initially, it was proposed that the buses would have exit doors on the right side. However, the buses that were ordered to be procured have exit doors on left. As far as the bus stops are concerned, the corporation plans to have the shelters in the middle of the corridor, allowing buses-with a width of 9 feet-to pass on both the directions.BMC commissioner Ranjeesh Shrivastava, however, did not agree to the allegations that there were deviations from the original specifications.\"We only changed the width of the corridor, wherever it was necessary,\" he told TOI.\"As far as the connectivity of the bus stops and roads is concerned, the corporation is installing signals at bus stop points. Whenever the bus halts at a particular stop, the road traffic signals will go red and the people can cross roads comfortably. The bus stops will be at the centre of the corridor at a distance of every 500 metres. The BRTS is a 24-km corridor extending from Misrod to Bairagarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14541553", "title": "Separate water connection for students", "text": "Mysore: The University of Mysore will get a separate water connection to attend to its students and the teaching and non-teaching staff.This came after complaints from the students to the Legislative Committee on SC and ST Welfare that visited the Ladies' Hostel attached to the varsity. Located on Manasa Gangotri, the PG campus of the varsity, was visited by the panel when the students complained about the lack of water supply.The Social Welfare officials were directed to consult Karnataka Urban Water Supply and Sewerage Board for a separate waterline to the PG campus. We will get Rs 2 crore for the project from the government, the panel told the varsity officials.The students also complained about the hostel mess being shut. VC V G Talwar said he will ensure that the students get food in the hostel.Earlier, the panel reviewed the works taken up under 22.75 per cent funds reserved for the welfare of SC/STs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14537464", "title": "Minnie Mathew is new chief secretary of Andhra Pradesh", "text": "HYDERABAD: For the second time in the history of Andhra Pradesh , a woman IAS officer was on Saturday named as chief secretary to succeed Pankaj Dwivedi upon the latter's superannuation. Minnie Mathew, belonging to the 1976 batch, took charge as CS on Saturday. She was chief commissioner of land administration, a position considered by convention as the CS-in-waiting.Mathew will be the head of the AP bureaucracy till her superannuation in February 2013.In September 2002, Sathi Nair, also hailing from Kerala like Mathew, was made the first woman chief secretary of the state by then chief minister N Chandrababu Naidu who unceremoniously removed incumbent K Swaminathan despite him having over four more months of service left. Nair served as CS for six months.Minnie Mathew also happens to be the only woman to have served as collector of Hyderabad till date. She also served in Kerala on deputation as well as on the coir and coconut development boards whose headquarters are located in her home state. Her husband Mathew C Kunnumkal is an IAS officer of the Kerala cadre and was till recently director general of National Institute of Rural Development at Rajendranagar on the city outskirts. After superannuation, he is now a member of the Kerala State Administrative Tribunal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14541736", "title": "Govt asks Noida chief to file report in 15 days", "text": "LUCKNOW: Over one month after having promised to bring the culprits to book in the irregular allotment of farm houses in Noida, the Uttar Pradesh government has cracked the whip on Noida chairman Rakesh Bahadur and asked him to turn in a detailed preliminary investigation report into the scam within 15 days.On May 15, the government had ordered probe into the scam that took place during the BSP regime where agricultural land was acquired in 12 villages of Noida in violation of the industrial development policies and later used for allotting 10,000 square metre farm houses to companies and individuals.Noida Authority chairman Rakesh Bahadur, who was to head the probe, was asked to submit a report in seven days. A week later, however, government sources said the report was delayed because of a decision to handover charge of the investigation to a higher authority.Earlier, though Bahadur has sent a page-long report to the state government on the anomalies that occurred in the allotment of farm house plots, he attempted to shy away from heading a thorough investigation because of a pending enforcement directorate inquiry against him. On Friday, the Allahabad High Court also asked the government to review its decision to appoint Bahadur as chairman, Noida Authority, because of his alleged involvement in a land scam during his previous tenure in Noida.Though a final decision to replace Bahadur as the head of the probe panel was lying with chief minister Akhilesh Yadav for over a month, the government has now decided to ask Bahadur to go ahead with investigation and file a detailed preliminary report. Confirming the development, Infrstructure and Industrial Development Commissioner AK Gupta said, Bahadur has been asked to give us a detailed report on the farm house allotment issue. Based on the prima facie evidence gathered in this detailed report, the government may decide to hand over further probe to an external agency.'' Senior officials also said that the government had nearly made up its mind to hand over the probe to the Lok Ayukta. A formal decision in this regard, however, will only be announced after Bahadur submits his preliminary report.In May, the UP government instituted an ienquiry into the farmhouse case after it came to light that the Bahujan Samaj Party regime allotted about 150 farms houses of 10,000 sq metre each, to 120 companies and 29 individuals applicants to construct farm houses. The companies and individuals in possession of the land holdings have, however, constructed motels, banquet halls and swimming pools on the farm land.Under the original farm house scheme, agricultural land was meant to be acquired for planned industrial development in keeping with Noida's Master Plan for 2021. For this, the state government even pressed into service the controversial Emergency clause to ensure the land was acquired quickly and without inviting any objections from the public. In the process, agricultural land was acquired from 12 villages in Noida, including Asadullahpur, where acquisition was cancelled by the Allahabad High Court.Irregularities are not limited to allotment of land; allotment rates were also lowered to benefit individuals and companies, causing the state exchequer a loss of an estimated Rs 150 crore. In addition, the state government even ordered illegal construction on Green belts, where construction is not permitted. One of former Chief Minister Mayawati's memorials, the Dalit Prerana Sthal was first constructed on the green belt at a cost of Rs 54.27 crore; subsequently, following orders by the Supreme Court of India, an additional Rs 5.5 crore was spent on demolishing the memorial.Even this, however, was not enough. Apart from widespread financial irregularities in construction works, organised corruption was rampant in the engineering department as well. In some cases, double payments were made to companies and contractors for ensuring that electricity wires were laid underground. Also, poor quality pipes were laid under the Gangajal distribution scheme. Systematic corruption in the way the government functioned was also apparent after the election code of conduct came into force in December 2011. By 'back-dating' official entries, the state government continued to sign as many as 60 bonds amounting to nearly Rs 391 crore", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14552225", "title": "Kunal Kapoor supports cervical cancer campaign", "text": "Actor Kunal Kapoor has put his weight behind a campaign to create awareness on cervical cancer.The 36-year-old actor walked the ramp at a fashion show in New Delhi last night along with Yuvika Chaudhary and Miss India Earth Hasleen Kaur to launch the unique initiative 'Guard Your Angel'.\"One woman dies every seven minutes, so I feel it is really important to make people aware of cervical cancer , as it is the only cancer which is preventable and many people don't even know about it.\"I am always ready to come forward and spread the word around. When a celebrity lends his support it reaches out to a lot more people and when we can sell colas and shirts and cars so there's no reason you can't endorse a good noble cause,\" Kunal said.The actor, who delivered his first hit with Rang De Basanti, said he considers himself lucky to have been a part of the Aamir Khan-starrer because it was a phenomenon across the nation.\"Its always been a dream, as I have been an outsider, but I have been fortunate enough as I have been a part of Rang De Basanti which became a movement.\"I have worked for the best production houses in the industry, I have worked with the directors I wished to, I have been a part of the hugely successful film Don 2 so yes it makes me feel wonderful,\" added Kunal.Designers Namrata Joshipura, Anju Modi and Poonam Bhagat also showcased their collections at the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14556928", "title": "Drama to unfold as Satyaam Seth enters Punar Vivah", "text": "Shashi-Sumeet Mittal's daily 'Punar Vivah' on Zee TV is all set to take an interesting turn with few new entries on the show.The members of Scindia family are trying hard to bring Aarti (Kratika Sengar) and Yash (Gurmeet Choudhary) closer to each other. However, their efforts will face hurdles as a new girl Neelam falls in love with Yash. Currently, Yash and Aarti are leaving no stone unturned in making the ministers' daughter's wedding a grand affair. In the upcoming episodes there will be a high point when the Minister's daughter Neelam played by Neha Sargam will be shown unhappy marrying the boy of her father's choice.She will even try to kill herself but Yash will save her and he will also ease out the situation. Neelam will develop feelings for Yash and this will make Aarti jealous. Satyaam Seth, who is currently seen in Diya Aur Baati as Dilip has been roped in to play the role of Kunal, (Neelam's groom). Kunal (Satyaam) will try to make Neelam realise his love and this will bring an interesting twist on the show.Satyaam Seth remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14538028", "title": "Over 27K engineering seats to remain vacant in state: DTE", "text": "NAGPUR: It was being feared ever since the first year engineering admission process started in Maharashtra, but the actual picture became clear only on Saturday. Despite extending the deadline for filing up forms by two days, over 27,000 seats will remain vacant in the entire state if the number of applicants and total seats are taken into account. \"We've received about 1.23 lakh applications from all over the state for about 1.50 lakh seats that includes 16 new engineering colleges,\" technical education director Subhash Mahajan confirmed to TOI on Saturday. The trend of vacancy in engineering colleges has been going on since last three years. In 2010, over 22,000 seats didn't fill up while last year the number was 25,000.On Friday itself, TOI had predicted that over 10,000 seats would remain vacant in the state before the deadline was extended. Till Friday, DTE had received only 1,31,867 applications at Application Receipt Centres (ARCs), but 1,19,165 were confirmed. In two days, only about 4,000 candidates were increased.Despite increasing vacancies, 16 new engineering colleges were added to the 348 existing ones in state, after they received a green signal from AICTE. Of them, none came to Nagpur, Gondwana or Amravati universities. But, nearly 900 seats were added to in NU after AICTE's nod to expansion proposals of many colleges.In Nagpur division, too, the situation is bleak. For about 23,900 seats in 58 colleges, 19,161 applications were registered so far, as per joint technical education director for Nagpur division Gulabrao Thakre. Till Thursday, 18,677 applications were received. Despite extension in deadline, only 94 applications were received on Friday, and about 390 on Saturday. It is evident from these figures that about 5,000 vacancies will be in Nagpur division alone. Last year, over 7,000 seats remained vacant in colleges under NU.Experts say that increasing vacancies was not due to a decline in popularity of engineering field, but because of the large number of new colleges cropping up everywhere. \"The new colleges that keep coming up do not have facilities and opportunities required to attract students. They do not have a good strength of faculty as well. This vicious cycle leads to a large number of vacancies\", senior lecturer at Government Polytechnic Deepak Kulkarni told TOI.(With inputs from Devika Girish)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14537152", "title": "Closure of engineering colleges may face practical hurdles", "text": "KOCHI: Though widely welcomed by parents, teachers and experts, the recent high court observation suggesting closure of poorly performing self-financing engineering colleges might face major challenges at the implementation level.The most important issue will be finding alternative institutions to accommodate the students from the colleges that will be closed down.According to reports, nearly 70 colleges in the self-financing sector may come in the category of institutions which have recorded less than 40% success rate and may have to be closed as per the norms being finalized by the HC.On the other side, there are only around 35 colleges which have posted students' success rates above 40%. But accommodating the entire students from 70 colleges in those 35 colleges would be impractical mainly because of infrastructural constraints, said experts.Some of the best performing colleges will even be unwilling to take the students from the poorly performing colleges fearing that those students may not meet their standards. Also, many colleges would have collected almost the entire fees from the students and reimbursement could be a cumbersome process, they said.There are also possibilities of faculty desertion from the colleges facing closure and HC's suggestion that the college-wise results should be published could accelerate the process.Reports said that many parents had already started collecting details of the pass percentage of colleges, and many are unlikely to send their children to institutions which fall in the poorly performing category.Even if colleges are closed down in a phased manner, the faculty and students' migration can begin as soon as the details of results are published, experts said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14541428", "title": "Security measures initiated for Dasara", "text": "Mysore: Months before Mysore Dasara celebrations begin, the city cops are already initiating security measures. They have planned to install CCTVs all along the 5-km long procession road from Mysore Place to Bannimantapa Parade Grounds, where the procession concludes.The decision was taken at a meeting with the senior police officials. Presently over three dozen security cameras are installed at important junctions and in addition to this, rotating cameras will set up at prime locations soon.Even liquor shops owners have been directed to adhere to it.City police commissioner K L Sudheer told STOI that the decision has been taken up in view of maintaining law and order. Additional cameras will be installed all along the Jumbo procession path.\"The police department has directed the bar and wine shops owners to install CCTV cameras in front of their shops in order to keep a check on suspicious activities if any. I have directed the city cops to convey the same to all bar and liquor shop owners,\" the commissioner said.Installing CCTV cameras will help police to keep a check on crimes such as pick-pocketing, chain snatching, anti-social activities or even terror acts. The department is identifying places that need more attention. Even at bus stands and railway stations CCTV cameras will be installed due to round the clock crowd.Also additional traffic police would be arranged for hassle-free traffic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14538366", "title": "PPN College to release merit list on July 6", "text": "KANPUR: The admission process has gained momentum in the degree colleges. In colleges like DBS, DAV, DG and Mahila Vidyalaya, the admission process has already begun. The students could be seen buying admission forms.In Christ Church, PPN and BND, the merit list is expected to go much higher. It means that students with average marks will have trouble in seeking admission in these top colleges of the city.In PPN Degree College, there are 350 seats in BA and BSc. In BCom, the college has 160 seats. In MA, MCom and MSc, there are 300 seats. The merit list would be released on July 6.Christ Church Degree College is inviting application forms from students through post. In colleges like DAV, DBS, Brahaspati Mahavidyalaya, and Juhari Devi Girls College, SN Sen Degree College, the students are queuing up to purchase admission forms.The Mahila Mahavidyalaya has released its first merit list for BA. Students having 60% and above marks can take admission in the BA. If the seats will remain vacant, the college authorities will release second merit list.Meanwhile, the authorities of Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University stated that the details about the number of seats in various degree colleges had been made available on the University website.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "14543194", "title": "Minority forum slams govt for fund non-utilization", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: The Kokrajhar district Religious Minority Welfare Forum (KRMWF) has slammed the state government for not utilizing the funds meant for the religious minority community in the district properly and warned of raising its voice if the government fails to do so.The general secretary of the forum, Dwimu Roje Goyary, said the Centre has allotted funds for the welfare of religious minorities in the state through the Prime Minister's 15-point programme. Kokrajhar, Chirang and Baksa districts of BTC are fortunate to receive this aid . He added that scholarship money for Christian, Muslim, Buddhist and Jain students was supposed to be received by 2009-10, but they are yet to get the aid. He added that the form of scholarship for 2012-13 has been issued without releasing the pending scholarship of 2009-10, 2010-11 and 2011-12.Goyary alleged that they have come to know that implementing agency received Rs Rs. 4.75 lakh but only Rs. 1.75 lakh was spent in the last financial year in the name of releasing scholarship. He said the minority people should get some basic facilities from the Multi Sectoral Development Project (MSDP) under PM's 15 point programme. He reiterated that the Srirampur Santhal ME School in Kokrajhar district received minority scholarship in the last financial year and that too only for 65 students.The question is where does is this money go? The society alleged that DC (Kokrajhar), who is the implementing agency, is not giving proper attention to the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14558962", "title": "Namitha's ready to be Silk!", "text": "While Kannada and Malayalam film industries might already have their our Silk Smitha biopics underway, the Tamil film industry is yet to embark on one. While the buzz on a possible remake of The Dirty Picture has been doing its rounds for a while, there's been no final talk on the film or its leading lady.Here's one leading lady who is ready to even take a pay cut from her current salary to play Silk. The buxom belle Namitha, who is considered to be quite the sex bomb and enjoys a following with the menfolk, has hinted recently that she would readily do the Tamil remake of the film.Considering the Namitha has a crazy following like Silk, we would say that she makes a good choice. But considering the actress has been out of work for a long time in Kollywood, we wonder what price cut the actress talks about?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14558458", "title": "Will 'Naan Ee' break the Rs 100 cr barrier?", "text": "The censor process for Naan Ee, the much-anticipated film from Magadheera director S S Rajamouli, is complete. The censor board has given a U/A certificate for the film with no cuts. A couple of smoking scenes that are very integral to the storyline has resulted in this certificate.With this clearance, the team has made it official that Naan Ee will release on the July 6. The special effects in this movie are said to have come out extremely well and industry insiders say that S S Rajamouli has elevated the art of south Indian film making to global standards.The film is produced by PVP Cinema and is setting a record of sorts by releasing with almost 1,000 prints in different languages across the world. It is a remarkable feat considering that the story revolves around a housefly. The film stars Nani , Samantha and Sudeep in the lead and also has comedian Santhanam in a crucial role.And, with maverick filmmaker Ram Gopal Verma predicting that this movie will break the Rs 100 crore barrier in Telugu alone, the buzz around this movie has reached unprecedented heights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14537123", "title": "4 new trains to be flagged off soon", "text": "HYDERABAD: Four of the 15 new express trains announced in the 2012-13 railway budget will be flagged off in the first week of July. The Tirupati- Manargudi express would be flagged off on July 3, while the Secunderbad-Belampalli express, Hyderabad-Ajmer express and Secunderabad-Darbangha bi-weekly would start from July 6. The announcement was made by South Central Railways (SCR) general manager G N Asthana while releasing the new time-table for southern zone at Rail Nilayam in Secunderabad on Saturday. The new schedule would come into effect from July 1.Pointing out changes in the new time-table, Asthana said that travel time of 12 trains has been reduced by as much 80 minutes in some cases. Apart from new trains, the time-table features extension of three originating trains and one pass through train. Also, frequency of eight originating /terminating trains and four pass through trains over SCR has been increased.Changes in the present schedule of timings have been effected for trains -Hyderabad- Tirupati Rayalaseema Express, Nanded- Shri Ganga Sagar Express, Secunderabad-Tirupati Express and Tirupati - Kolhapur Haripriya Express.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14537970", "title": "Bifocal admissions kick off; 99.60% cut-off at Shivaji Science College", "text": "NAGPUR: The Common Admission Process (CAP) for bifocal admissions kicked off on Saturday and the cutoffs for certain courses saw a meteoric rise. The electronic faculty seats (govt aided) at Shivaji Science College closed at 99.6% while computer science seats (unaided) there closed at 98.6%. All seats for the open category at the college have already been taken, revealing the high level of competition among students.Ambedkar College (Deekshabhoomi), another top college in the city, also witnessed huge demand with its highest cut-off being 97.09% for the electronics faculty (unaided).While the cut-off statistics more often than not are misleading due the various faculty and its classification as government aided or unaided, they do give a fair idea of competition among students for seats in top colleges. Students vie for government aided seats in colleges because of the low fee structure and hence the cutoffs rise sharply. Since Shivaji Science College has only 25 seats under the government aided category, the cutoffs touched 99.6%, but in the same college for the unaided seats the cutoffs were 95.6%.This year in CAP only the science faculty seats were up for grabs as commerce did not evoke a good response.The CAP bifocal spot admission process will continue on Sunday but the top cream colleges seats are already taken. The reasons students opt for bifocal more is so that they can get a more specialized focus in their junior college studies. Students who want to opt for engineering career will go for electronics or computer science while those interested in medical career opt for subjects like fisheries.The spot admission process is being done at the CAP centre at Dhanwatey National College and 561 seats were filled up on Saturday. The admission process is being done strictly according to the merit rankings which have been displayed at the centre.(with inputs from Aman Bordia)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14539855", "title": "3 CNG stations to open today", "text": "NOIDA: Those using CNG vehicles will be spared the long queues as three new filling stations become operational on Sunday. The stations in Sectors 71, 105 and 122\u2014to be operated by Indraprastha Gas Limited\u2014have been ready since April but could not start operations as the NOC from Petroleum and Explosive Safety Organisation (PESO), Nagpur, was awaited. PESO officials inspected the stations last week and gave the clearance.\"The district administration of Gautam Budh Nagar has already given the go-ahead and we have received all clearances from PESO. Trial runs have been on for the past five days and commercial sales will begin on Sunday,\" said an IGL official.While the stations were operational from 8am to 8pm during trial runs, they will now be open 24x7. Two more CNG stations, in Sectors 51 and 142, are awaiting clearance from the district administration. \"The city is seeing a rise in CNG-driven vehicles. That has led to a rush at the existing outlets. The new outlets will bring down the waiting period for getting CNG,\" said the official.Each of the three new stations will have eight filling points to avoid long queues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "derabassi", "code": "14539666", "title": "2 killed, 5 hurt in accident", "text": "DERABASSI: Two youths were killed and five others injured in a road accident on a flyover on Chandigarh-Ambala highway near Derabassi on Saturday night.Those killed have been identified as Sarabjit Singh, 25, of Derabassi, and Gurpreet Singh, 29, of New Delhi. They were travelling in an Indica.Police said the accident took place when Gurpreet, who was driving the car, lost control over the vehicle and hit a lamp post. The impact was so much that the car toppled over to the other side of the road and a a Maruti in the other lane hit their vehicle.The youths were declared brought dead by doctors at Government Medical College and Hospital, Sector 32. All occupants of Maruti have been admitted to GMCH. The highway witnessed more than 30-minute traffic jam after the accident. A case has been registered at the Derabassi police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14540951", "title": "It's a tense wait for India's swimmers", "text": "BANGALORE: Indian swimmers Virdhawal Khade , Sandeep Sejwal, Saurabh Sangvekar and Aaron D'Souza have a nervous week ahead after their names did not figure in the initial Olympic 'B' Standard Time qualifying list (OST) released by FINA on Saturday.With a cut-off of 900, FINA has already selected 439 swimmers from 50 countries who have cleared the Olympic 'A' Qualification Time (OQT). Next, the world body has given preference to 32 relay teams and then to countries without any qualified swimmers.These nations will be allowed to nominate one male and female swimmer and a total of 150 (75 each) will be eligible for the 'universality' quota. Only after all this will the 'B' standard swimmers be considered.Saturday's OST list features 157 swimmers and if vacant places are available, then FINA will invite the next ranked swimmer in the respective event \u2014 a hope to which Indian swimmers are clinging on to.FINA technical committee member Virendra Nanavati was hopeful that some of the swimmers will make the cut. \"FINA has to inform the country association whether their swimmers have made it or not. I've been in touch with a few FINA members and so far, I haven't got any letter or email from the organization,\" Nanavati told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14542133", "title": "New sultans of swing", "text": "As golf gets more popular in Gujarat , the age at which its players are getting proficient is falling. As more courses come up, players are taking up the game earlier and training harder. Two stars are making waves nationally at the junior level of the game.For Varun Parikh \u2014 the nephew of a realtor who is the chairman of a golf course \u2014 proximity to the game and courses changed his life. \"I was just taking a few swings at the range at the course when the course designer Col Bagga saw me and told my parents that I had a good swing and should take up golf seriously,\" says the 14-year-old student of DPS Bopal.Bagga's words seem prophetic now. Varun qualified for the national level last year and is ninth on the national merit list. \"I am now preparing for the national team and the amateur tour,\" Varun says. \"I hope to be among the top five amateurs in the country in five years.\" There is no reason for him not to. He is training in Bangalore under Vijay Divecha, who has coached top golfers like Anirban Lahiri.Arya Chudasama, 14, a student of DPS Gandhinagar, has been creating a buzz too. He is playing in the West Zone competition and has had a string of fantastic results. At the West Zone tournament at the Wellington Golf Course in Mumbai in May, Arya finished first. To show that it was no flash in the pan, he came up with finishes of 2nd and 3rd in the next two tournaments too. He is now No.1 on the West Zone merit list. Arya's start in golf came from proximity as well. \"Our family lived in Canada and my dad would take me along to the driving ranges when I was around seven,\" he says. \"I began playing mini-golf then and hitting balls at the range later. When we moved back to Gandhinagar, a course was nearby so I began playing there, and realized that this is what I want to do.\"Arya says he is catching up though he suffered from the lack of quality coaching in Gandhinagar. He too is now training under Divecha and is working hard to make up for lost time.New tourneys coming to GujaratFor the first time ever, there will be junior IGU tournaments coming to the state. Two tournaments are slated to be held in Ahmedabad and two in Vadodara in August and September. That golf at the junior level is taking off in the state is widely acknowledged. Gulmohar Greens VPoperations Santosh Bapat says that over the past three years, efforts made to popularize the game have been paying off. \"We have 35-40 kids taking the beginners' training every summer, and we're having to add new batches,\" says Bapat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14536851", "title": "Porn CDs seized from computer shop", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Crime Branch Anti-piracy Cell has seized memory cards and hard discs containing obscene visuals of local women and children from a computer shop at Vellarada. Police have arrested Vishnu (20), an employee of the computer shop-cum-internet cafe, Computer Solutions, in this connection.The incident came as a shock to the locals at Vellarada, a sleepy village 35km away from the city on the Tamil Nadu border. The shop was supplying porn CDs and clippings to customers under the guise of providing internet service to students. When police raided the shop, around 10 youngsters, including students, were waiting in queue for copying images, said Rajpal Meena, superintendent, Anti-piracy Cell.The police raid was based on a tip off. Customers were provided porn clips after recording them on CDs and mobile phones.Police said the owner of the shop, Samjith Raj, even taught his customers how to record porn clips using mobile phones and hidden cameras. Hundreds of mobile clips, suspected to be of local people, were found in the five hard discs and several memory cards seized from the shop.Around 900 pirated CDs, including that of new releases like Mayamohini, Sakuni and Second Show were also seized in the raid.Sources in the Anti-piracy Cell said most of the visuals found on memory cards were shot while women were bathing or changing dress. Police suspect a racket behind the incident and are on the lookout for Samjith Raj, who is absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14551937", "title": "Aamir Khan plans for 'Satyamev Jayate' season 2", "text": "Satyamev Jayate has received a \"dream response\" from the audience, says Aamir Khan , who is planning a second season for the show which highlights various social issues in each of its episodes.The 13-episode season one has already crossed its halfway mark and the 47-year-old actor is happy with the impact it has created.\"The change in the society has been evident. We have received a dream response, having empowered ourselves with knowledge. So many things have happened which has made it difficult for our research team to actually find out the actual impact we have created.\"We have got positive reviews and believe that India is changing and we have adapted the show understanding how people want this change,\" Aamir said in an interaction with the audience at a radio station.The show has dealt with a number of hard hitting topics including female foeticide, healthcare scenario in India and domestic violence.The actor is off to shoot for Dhoom 3 now while his research team is planning to assess the impact created by season one, look at other issues that need to be addressed and come back post September to plan out a possible season two.Aamir said hosting Satyamev Jayate has brought him closer to the people of his country and the show has been able to touch their lives while addressing various issues.\"I have on a personal level come closer through this initiative to our country. People told me the show would be a failure on social issues, but now people from Kashmir to Kanyakumari are associated with this show and want to see change in our society,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14537790", "title": "Women\u2019s cricket tournament in Nashik pushes boundaries", "text": "NASHIK: The third Maharashtra State Womens'Cricket tournament hosted by the Nashik District Cricket Association (NDCA) got underway, with 15 teams scheduled to play 33 matches over 10 days.\"The experience so far has been very good, I am really happy that NDCA is supporting women's cricket,\" said the zonal secretary and tournament committe chief Pramod Koshire.The Association has been promoting women's cricket for the last 3-4 years; a special net for women's cricket was put in place four years ago at Golf Ground where former cricketer Avinash Agharkar oversees net-practice for the men's cricket team on a daily basis. It is believed that Agharkar hasbeen instrumental in building a promising outfit. He has moulded national level players like pacer Shalaka Pawar, left-arm spinner Chaitali Bagul and all rounder Roshani Mohabansi to compete at current levels.Speaking about the transformation of the women's camp from a small group of 3-4 girls in 2008 to over 50 girls in 2012, Agharkar said, \"Initially, I faced difficulty convincing parents to send their daughters for practice, but I have succeeded in doing so. Now with the NDCA's support one will find as many girls as boys practicing at the nets here.\"Notwithstanding the obvious physiological differences between the two sexes, the 56-year-old coach has devised strategies to help both feed off of each other's strengths.\"I make the girls stay on field and practice with the boys. This experiment has produced fantastic results in a very short time,\" Agharkar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14541941", "title": "Teachers to escort students from home to school and back in rural UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: With the start of the new session, teachers and non-teaching employees in schools in rural and semi-urban areas will escort students, particularly girls, from their homes to schools and back. The initiative, taken by the state government will check the dropout rate, particularly among girls, in primary and junior schools, and ensure security to the children.Speaking to TOI, additional director basic education, Mahendra Singh Rana said, \"Members of the School Management Committee, Village Education Committee, shiksha mitras and cooks will be roped in to escort students to schools and back to their homes.\" He added that since SMC's and VEC's have 50% women representation, it will be more convenient for them to escort girls and also for girls to come to the schools.According to Rana, the new plan will take off from the new academic session. To begin with, schools in districts such as Lucknow, Unnao, Rae Bareli, Lakhimpur Kheri, Hardoi and Sitapur will see the change. After these districts, the plan will be implemented in other regions too. In this regard, the additional director has already shot off a letter to all Basic Shiksha Adhikaris (BSA's) asking them to follow the same.State education officials clarify that dropout rate in schools has increased following cases of rape, abduction and accidents. \"In semi-urban and rural areas, the schools are located in secluded areas. Most parents prefer not sending their children especially daughters to study. Teachers accompanying the students will help in overcoming the problem,\" said Rana.When asked to elaborate on the implementation of the programme, Rana said students living in a particular area will form groups and one teacher will accompany them. All schools will end at one time, so that students can collectively move in groups. \"This will also build emotional connect among the student's family and the teachers,\" Rana explaining that a teacher who accompanies the students can keep a track of students, who remains absent regularly and enquire about them from their families. \"It is like a parental care, which will motivate students to come to school,\" he said.At present, the attendance of students in primary and upper primary schools in Uttar Pradesh is nearly 50-60%. However, the national average stands at 74%. Education officials are hopeful that the new plan will help in decreasing absenteeism. As per Annual Status of Education Report (ASER), UP tops the list of 28 states for drop out of children aged between 6 and 14 from government schools. As per the survey, nearly 6.1% students of the same age group remain out of school.Apart from this, the state government has also decided to give incentives to students to come to school. The school authorities will celebrate birthdays of students. \"Birthdays of students falling in a particular month will be celebrated on the last Saturday of every month.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14536099", "title": "CBI files plea to cancel interim bail of colonel", "text": "The CBI on Friday filed a plea to cancel the interim anticipatory bail application of National Defence Academy's (NDA) presiding officer of the recruitment board Colonel Anil Kumar Singh for not cooperating in investigation into the cash-for-jobs scam.Apprehending arrest, Singh had obtained interim bail till July 2. While granting bail on Thursday, the special court had imposed several conditions, one of them being that he should cooperate with the CBI. However, CBI deputy superintendent of police Rajpal Singh filed a plea through special public prosecutor Vivek Saxena saying that the probe has come to a stand still because Singh was not cooperating with the CBI. Saxena told the court that Singh had threatened to commit suicide during interrogation.Singh and his lawyer S K Jain appeared before a Pune court on Saturday and denied the CBI's charge after the special judge D R Mahajan issued a show-cause notice directing him to respond to the CBI's plea on Friday. Jain claimed that his client has cooperated with the CBI when he was called for questioning. between June 28 and 30.Citing a Supreme court ruling that granting interim bail to an accused amounts to interference in investigations, Saxena pleaded for cancellation of bail. Opposing the prosecution's plea, Jain argued that the court has powers to grant interim bail while charging the CBI of committing an offence of contempt of court. He said the bail order was not interfering with the probe and appealed to the judge not to revoke its order. Judge D R Mahajan granted Jain time till July 2 to reply to CBI's plea in detail.The judge also told the CBI counsel that his order passed was legal as he had power to give bail in the given circumstances. He asked the CBI to move the Bombay High Court to challenge his order.The CBI had earlier arrested Colonel Kulbir Singh, staff officer to the NDA commandant, for his alleged involvement in the recruitment scam of class IV employees at the NDA.The others arrested are Balkrishna Charanlal Kanojia, Vishnu Prasad Sharma, Dattatreya Eknath Shitkal, Manoj Marut Shitkal and Ramesh Dilip Gaikwad. A special court has sent Kulbir Singh and five others to CBI custody till Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14538392", "title": "Sanjay Meshram takes charge as Rotary governor", "text": "NAGPUR: Taking charge of the affairs of Rotary International for the year 2012-13, in the 85 clubs of District 3030, is city-based entrepreneur Sanjay Meshram. An alumni of IIT Mumbai, he brings a sound perspective to all agendas set by the organization.Meshram, who will assume office on Sunday, said that considering the reach and the expertise available with Rotary the effort is to set up role models which can be taken up by government agencies.\"We cannot match the resources and power of the government. But we have a robust pool of human resource and expertise. So we are working with the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) in the city to push projects like road safety, clean environment and protection of water bodies,\" he said.Meshram said that construction of a model night shelter near Government Medical College is also on the agenda. \"We will set it up as role model that NMC can use as it scales up the numbers.\"Extending the reach of Rotary to touch the lives of rural population, Meshram said that he will focus on setting up of adarsh gram (ideal village) which can be replicated by the government.\"Besides promotion of hygiene and sanitation and donating water filters to rural institutions for clean water, our most ambitious project is that of distant learning programme under which we plan to educate rural children through an audio visual software to be installed at 25 schools. It would be a stand alone system for which we will have to install a computer and a screen. It will cost us Rs1.5 lakh per unit entirely funded by Rotary.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14539402", "title": "Rai University seeks more time for admissions", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Admission Committee for Professional Courses (ACPC) has decided not to allot students to the Rai University for admissions this time. The decision follows communication from the university that they will be ready for inspection only by August 7.\"We wish to inform you that we will be ready for inspection by August 7 only as by then our infrastructure will be in place. In case you wish, you may please advise students to only visit our campus by August 7,\" A S Reddy of Rai University wrote to member secretary of ACPC Dr MN Patel.The university official communicated that class will begin from August 23. \"Till then, they can take admission elsewhere. You may accordingly take admission.We are conducting faculty recruitments at Delhi\", officials said.Following this communication, the ACPC has decided not to allot any students to the Rai Univeristy which had got 420 seats in six branches of engineering. \"We do not want to do injustice to the students by giving them admission here as there are no guarantees that the college will be ready with its infrastructure by the time the admissions are allotted,\" said education department officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14540249", "title": "8K homes get bulk water supply while others suffer", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With most city residents struggling to get proper water supply, around 7,000 to 8,000 residences in the city are reportedly water metre-less and getting supply in bulk on flat rates. Sources in the Chandigarh municipal corporation say since the supply in these areas is given in bulk, wastage of water is quite high.Around two years back, MC had decided to install metres in 22,000 such houses, but is yet to complete the work. When asked, MC executive engineer R S Ahluwalia said, \"We are on the job and in the coming months all the houses will be quipped with new water metres.\"In its initial exercise, the engineering wing of MC has reportedly purchased 15,000 water metres which have already been installed in the rehabilitation colonies of the city. According to an estimate, total 22,400 water metres would be installed in the various rehabilitation colonies of the city. The installation of metres started from the Dadumajra, where most such houses exist.According to the present scenario, the city is getting 87MGD (mega gallon per day) drinking water on daily basis, but the requirement is around 110MGD. Out of total 87MGD, city gets, 67MGD from the Bakhra Dam and rest 20MGD from the tube-wells. Though, besides seeking more water from Punjab, civic body is also constructing around five new tube-wells to meet the requirement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14540737", "title": "Thadagam Road residents bear the brunt of public works", "text": "COIMBATORE: Public works along the Thadagam Road have made life miserable for residents of colonies situated on this stretch.In the stretch extending from Government College of Technology to Edayarpalayam, underground drainage work was completed six months ago but the drains are yet to be closed or levelled with the road.Now, the State Highways Department is ready with a project to widen the 3.5-km stretch to make it a four-lane road. The Rs 3-crore-project envisages end-to-end widening. The road is seven metres wide now and will soon become more than 10 metres wide, says an official of the department.Once the drainage works are completed, the roads department is expected to cut down tree and shift electric poles to facilitate the widening works. These works are expected to start in another week and get over in a month. The road widening project is to be completed in six months.A few residents of Venkitapuram said the Thadagam Road chokes with traffic during peak hours. Vehicles parked on either side, vendors, and electricity poles eat into the space. Hence, the road has to be widened.But residents are apprehensive that the widening works could lead to further chaos on the roads here. On the Venkitapuram-Edayarpalayam stretch, the traffic was diverted to the by-lanes for a few days for underground drainage works. The public is apprehensive if traffic from the main Thadagam Road would be diverted to these by-lanes which in a poor shape when the widening works begin.Deputy Commissioner of Police (Crime and Traffic), T. Senthil Kumar, said currently there were no traffic diversions on the stretch. The highways department would inform when the road widening works would begin and diversion would be planned according to the requirement, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14540347", "title": "Engineer arrested for kidnapping financier", "text": "NEW DELHI: A BTech engineer has been arrested for allegedly kidnapping and trying to extort Rs 15 lakh from a financier-cum-promoter, close to an MLA from southwest Delhi. The engineer's associate, a bus operator, has also been arrested.The engineer, who had worked for a leading IT company and is now employed with a bike manufacturing major, has been identified as Kapil Sharma and his aide as Inderjeet. \"The duo has accepted that they were working for the Sandeep Chitania-Neetu Dabodha gang in Najafgarh. We are trying to arrest Neetu,\" said DCP (crime) Sanjay Jain. Both Sandeep and Neetu figure in Delhi's top 10 wanted list.A crime branch team led by inspector Arvind Kumar has also confiscated three cars used in the crime and one country-made pistol with two live cartridges from the accused. \"A case of carjacking from Bahadurgarh in Haryana was also solved with the arrest,\" said additional DCP (crime) Sanjay Bhatia.On May 21, financier-cum-promoter Pradeep was called outside his home and kidnapped in a silver Optra by five persons. DCP Bhatia said Neetu was leading the gang. The kidnappers demanded Rs 15 lakh as the extortion amount and Pradeep agreed to hand over the cash after withdrawing it from the locker of a public sector bank in Najafgarh.However, once inside the bank, Pradeep managed to hide himself in the manager's room and called his brother who informed police. As Pradeep did not come out even after a long time, Neetu himself went inside but could not use firearms inside the manager's room. Sensing danger, the kidnappers fled without Pradeep, said Jain.\"We got a tip-off that Kapil and Inderjeet would come near Mahipalpur on Vasant Kunj Road on Thursday, laid a trap near Ryan International School on the main road and intercepted a silver Ritz,\" said Bhatia.Inderjeet told cops Neetu and he came from the same village. After Neetu escaped from police custody in Dwarka along with Sandeep in April 2012, he asked his gang members to identify people who could be extorted easily. Kapil, from Inderjeet's community, is the owner of the Optra used in the kidnapping. He also drove the car during the abduction.The duo reportedly worked for the Sandeep-Neetu gang in Najafgarh. Both Sandeep and Neetu are in the most wanted list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14538783", "title": "Walk in for some spice", "text": "If biriyani is up your street, then get going to 'Spicy'. It's right there, in the middle of a busy road in Vasanthnagar, but its patrons know where to head, and walk up to the place purposefully for their fill of fresh and flavoursome biriyani which doesn't pinch the pocket.The restaurant does not give a grand welcome, but really, who cares? The aromas emanating from the kitchen are welcoming enough, and the first impressions are shattered as soon as the food arrives, and the experimenting begins.Started last year by Aftab Basha, with the help of his father Mahboob Basha, the restaurant soon gained popularity for its appetizing biriyani. \"Our chicken biriyani is very popular, and because of the rush for both eat-in and takeaway orders, we usually run out of both stock and ingredients by 7 or 8pm,\" said Mahboob. There is a happy choice on the menu for non-vegetarians with curries, rice dishes and their well-known chicken tikka, which costs Rs 90.Vegetarians, too, have their share to gorge on. Those who love some extra spice in their food can go ahead with the Schezwan fried rice, but those who like their food bland and simple had better avoid it. Paneer is a speciality in Spicy, and their paneer butter masala, at Rs 70, is a must-try. And like its non-veg counterpart, the vegetable biriyani is a hot favourite.Standard vegetarian and non-vegetarian meals are also served here. Rotis, naans, and other Indian breads are available with a lengthy list of gravies to choose from. The choice for desserts is not too vast, and most of them are very Indian, like the gaajar ka halwa, which costs Rs 25 a bowl. If you don't really dig this, wash down the biriyani with a soft drink, which is available any time. While chicken biriyani costs 90, mutton biriyani is Rs 100.Takeaway options are available and door delivery is free of cost within a 3km range. The location is quite an irritation thanks to the incessant honking of vehicles, but the recently opened air-conditioned facility within the premises comes as a respite for those looking for a more peaceful environment.Spicy1st Main Road, Vasanthnagar, near Kodava SamajMeal for two: Rs 350-400Ph: 41200004Timings: 11.30am - 11.30pm, open through the week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14539164", "title": "Bimal Patel new president of Center for Environmental Planning and Technology University", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Architect and planner Bimal Patel has been made the president of the Center for Environmental Planning and Technology (Cept) University. The decision was taken on Saturday at a meeting of the governing body and the board of management.Patel, who is the architect of the new Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad, campus and is also the brain behind the Sabarmati riverfront development project, will take charge on Monday.Patel's predecessor, R N Vakil - who is one of the founder-members of Cept, along with B V Doshi and Kasturbhai Lalbhai - stepped down on Saturday from the post of director and president.\"I have not planned anything just yet. I will decide when I take charge on Monday,\" Patel told TOI. Patel added that he will also be the director-in-charge till Cept finds a new director.In February, after Vakil's proposal to step down from the posts of the director and president was accepted, a three-member selection committee headed by Sanjay Lalbhai, the chairman of Cept University, was set up to hunt for Vakil's successor.An alumni of the School of Architecture, Cept's 1984 batch, Patel has over 26 years of cumulative experience in consultancy, research and teaching. He also holds a dual post-graduate degree in architecture and city planning from the University of California , Berkeley. Patel also earned a Doctor of Philosophy degree in regional planning from the same university in 1995.Patel has been a consultant to the World Bank and Asian Development Bank and served as a member on the Justice J U Mehta Committee, appointed in 2002, to recommend reforms in the Building Regulatory System of Ahmedabad.Renowned civil engineer and academician Vakil, who was the dean till Cept got its university status, said, \"We started with just two programmes but now there are over 420 because of the collaboration and cooperation of the faculty. Credit also goes to the faculty for the international recognition that Cept has got. I hope they will continue with the spirit.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14536441", "title": "Coal linkage denied to Barauni power project", "text": "PATNA: The prospect of power generation at the Barauni thermal power plant darkened with the ministry of coal once again refusing coal linkage, despite state government's repeated requests and submission of a memorandum to Prime Minister on April 6 by an all-party delegation.Expressing his serious concern and resentment, chief minister Nitish Kumar has shot off a letter to PM Manmohan Singh on Saturday, seeking his personal intervention for ensuring coal linkage to the state government's Barauni thermal power plant's expansion project on a priority basis.Rejecting the demands made in the all-party memorandum, minister of coal Sriprakash Jaiswal, in his letter dated June 18, informed the CM that as \"linkages amounting to more than 80,000MW for the 12th Plan already exists, there will be no scope for awarding any further linkage, including for Barauni thermal power station expansion project in Bihar, for the time being.\"\"It is a matter of great disappointment that ministry of coal has failed to appreciate the sensitivity of the issue and has, in a routine manner, summarily rejected the demands raised in the all-party memorandum,\" Kumar wrote to PM. \"In the past also, the ministry of coal has never been positive to our demands for coal linkage despite our repeated requests,\" the CM has added.The all-party delegation, which made the demand for coal linkage to Barauni's expansion project, returned with an impression that the matter would be appropriately addressed at the PM level. The state government was also sure to get linkage since the ministry of power had also supported the demand and Union minister of power Sushilkumar Shinde had written a letter to Jaiswal on March 26.In his letter, Shinde had pleaded the Bihar case, saying, \"The power situation in Bihar is really grim and need to be addressed soon. Keeping in view the urgent need for generation in Bihar, you are kindly requested to grant coal linkage for Barauni expansion TPP (2X250MW) as a special case. This step will go a long way in mitigating power shortage in Bihar.\"Kumar reminded that for improving the availability of power supply, the state government through its own meagre resources is engaged in expansion of this power plant by installing two additional units of 250MW each. \"Although coal linkage is available for two existing old units, no coal linkage has been granted for the expansion project. Coal linkage is a precondition for environment clearance,\" he said.Objecting over Jaiswal's stand, the CM said the linking of demand for coal linkage for this project to the coal block allocation and coal linkage granted to the three NTPC power projects in the state is uncalled for, keeping in mind the acute power shortage scenario in Bihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "14537044", "title": "Doggone greens fill up cages at Mapusa market", "text": "MAPUSA: A funny sight greets one at the Mapusa municipal market. If one walks up to three cages- meant for stray animals and diplaying signs above them to that effect- kept in a corner of the market, one would notice that these contain no animals, but, are neatly stacked with a variety of vegetables instead.Following complaints about the large number of mongrels dumped at the Mapusa market, about three years ago, an Assagao-based NGO, International Animal Rescue (IAR), had kept three cages- one for dogs, one for puppies and the last one for cats and kittens- in the busy market so that mongrels could be dropped off there.The plan was for the NGO to then round them up and take them to rescue centres where everything possible is done to help these animals.An IAR member said, \"If people so wish, they can leave animals that are either abandoned or require medical care in the cages and speak to an IAR representative who is present at the site on weekdays from 9am to 5pm. A signboard displaying the IAR phone number is also erected atop the cages which can be used to contact us if our representative is absent.\"Unfortunately, as night falls, the animals in the cages are replaced with neatly stacked piles of vegetables by the market vegetable vendors. They put their wares in the cages and even lock them up, thus creating the perfect storeroom for their greens. These are then sold at the market the following day.This has evidently not gone down well with animal lovers, who have condemned the vegetable vendors' act.\"It is very sad that these temporary protective homes for animals are being used by man for commercial gains,\" said John Fernandes, a member of the Animal Rescue Squad. He added, \"This has been going on for some time now. In the past week, we rescued a cat and went to put it in the cage, however, we were shocked to see that it was full of vegetables and locked from the outside.\"IAR condemned the activity and appealed to the vegetable vendors to respect the rights of the animals.\"The purpose of the cages is to give people a safe place to leave their unwanted animals and consequently alleviate the suffering of these poor creatures who would otherwise be abandoned elsewhere,\" said Astrid Almeida, a veterinary doctor at IAR.\"It is unfortunate and very sad that these cages are being used for other purposes. This should be immediately stopped,\" Almeida added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14542506", "title": "Ultrasound centre sealed in Sangvi", "text": "PUNE: The health department of Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation sealed a sonography centre in Sangvi. It will serve notices to another four. Seven medical termination of pregnancy (MTP) centres in Pimpri Chinchwad will also get notices, officials said.A D Jagdale, medical officer of health, said the civic health department conducted an inspection drive from June 14 to 30 in which 142 sonography centres and 58 MTP centres were checked.He said, \"Eight teams conducted the drive. Each team consisted of a medical officer, administrative officer and a policeman. Four sonography centres had incomplete records. Legal action will be initiated against them. One sonography centre located in Sangvi was not registered, so we sealed the machine. Legal action has been initiated against the four centres.\"\"We also found six MTP centres had incomplete records and one MTP centre was not registered. We will initiate legal action against them. The health department will regularly conduct checking of the sonography and MTP centres in the city every three months.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14537261", "title": "It is Delhi, not Kochi most crime-prone city: Kerala police", "text": "KOCHI: National Crime Records Bureau's (NCRB's) finding that Kochi is the most crime prone city was like a lash of water canon on the city police, drenching them in embarrassment and disbelief.Last few days saw Kochi police top brass rummaging through all available data to save the city's image. Eventually, the Kerala police on Saturday released a detailed analysis showing that Delhi had maximum number of serious crimes like murder, rape and kidnapping while Kochi registered very few cases.According to it, Delhi registered 453 murders, 414 rapes and 2,629 kidnapping in 2010 and Kochi registered only four murders, 20 rapes and eight cases of kidnapping.\"The NCRB may have looked at the number of other IPC cases registered in 2010. While other IPC cases in Kochi were 24,227, it was only 7093 in Delhi,\" pointed out city police commissioner M R Ajith Kumar as a probable reason for branding Kochi as crime capital.\"The other IPC cases included crimes registered under IPC 279, 290 and 283, which are basically negligent and rash driving, unlawful assembly and causing obstruction in any public way,\" he said.He pointed out that of the 25,715 IPC cases registered in Kochi, 24,227 cases were other IPC cases including 20,733 cases registered for rash driving, 1,069 cases under 283 IPC for traffic obstruction, 1,567 cases for traffic accidents and 858 cases for other petty offences.\"There is no point in going by the total number of cases registered. Registration of more number of petty and traffic cases shows that the policing is efficient,\" he said.In case of other heinous crimes too Kochi ranked lower. While Delhi leads the list with maximum number of heinous crimes, Mumbai, Chennai, Bangalore, Kolkata, Thiruvananthapuram and Kozhikode follow the national capital.CRIME DATA 2010City Murder Rape Kidnapping Theft Other IPC crimesDelhi 453 414 2629 21372 12165Mumbai 228 194 194 13194 7093Chennai 103 47 47 1540 6247Kolkata 49 32 125 3118 6880Bangalore 266 65 513 10568 10333Kozhikode 7 16 11 363 2015Kochi 4 20 8 233 24227", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14537954", "title": "Shorter rail route proposed between Nashik and Pune", "text": "NASHIK: Even as the Indian Railways have included the proposed 265-km Nashik-Pune track in new projects sent to the planning commission for appraisal during its annual budget, a Nashik-based NGO, Rail Parishad, has proposed an alternative route that ensures a shorter and cheaper journey between the two cities.\"The Railways are planning the (Nashik-Pune) route via Sinnar, Sangamner, Alephata, Manchar, Rajgurunagar, Chakan and Begadevadi on the Mumbai-Pune main line. We have proposed a route from Sinnar through Akole, Kotul, Junnar, Ghodegaon before reaching Begadewadi. This will cut down distance and cost of laying out railway lines,\" said the NGO's president Bipin Gandhi.In its memorandum presented to Railway officials and MPs, the Parishad claimed that the current route would involve the acquisition of costly land considering its proximity to urban areas and irrigatioin tracts. Instead, the Parishad said that the route proposed by them would not only be relatively cheaper, but would also help tribal development in hilly areas.\"At present the cost of the Nashik-Pune route has been pegged at Rs 2,000 crore, with the state ready to contribute towards 50% of the cost. Since the route proposed by the Parishad would involve work in hilly areas, the construction costs may go up, but it would still be cheaper than work undertaken on high-priced land through politically sensitive areas in Ahmednagar,\" Gandhi said.Besides, he added, that the route planned by Railways would take at least eight years, and would result in a six- hour journey while the shorter route would take less than three hours and could be completed within two years.The NGO has said they will file a petition in the High Court if their proposal is not considered by authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14540458", "title": "Another fetus found dumped in dustbin", "text": "JAIPUR: Yet another fetus, suspected to be of a girl, was found dumped in a dustbin in Pratap Nagar area of the city on Saturday. The police said the post-mortem of the fetus is yet to be conducted.According to police, some passers-by spotted some dogs dragging a fetus wrapped in a polythene bag, which was lying in a dustbin. \"They informed the police following which a team was immediately rushed to the spot,\" said the officer.He added the fetus has been sent to the mortuary of SMS Hospital. \"We have lodged an FIR against unidentified persons for dumping the fetus which is about 3-4 months old,\" said the officer.The Rajasthan High Court had lambasted the Rajasthan police for failing to investigate the cases of female feticide and infanticide. The court had summoned the commissioner of police BL Soni who had assured of prompt action against those involved in dumping girls' fetuses in the city. At least four fetuses of girls had been recovered from posh colonies in the city about two months ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14557435", "title": "Micro, small and medium enterprises sector is key to Indian economy: Aisha de Sequeira", "text": "PANAJI: The micro, small and medium enterprises (MSME) in India sector has grown at an annual rate of about 5 %, in terms of investment, the sector has grown by 10% and the accompanying employment in the sector has also increased. This was stated by Aisha de Sequeira, managing director Morgan Stanley and head of its investment banking in India. Sequeira was delivering the keynote speech at the annual general meeting of the Goa Small Scale Industries at Panaji recently.Sequeira said that if one expects for an economy to be really be vibrant then the MSME segment has to do well. \"For that is ultimately the root and that is where lot of vibrancy would start from. The contribution to the GDP of SMEs is expected to be 22% by the end of this year relative to 17% in 2009. So as a percentage of the economy, it's a growing percentage and SME contribution to exports is 40% in 2009 and the share of their pie has increased in 2012,\" Sequeira said.She said what is needed to further invigorate this sector is that they invest more, create more jobs, and really be the leader in terms of economic growth. \"The issues that people talk about is availability of funds, the raw material prices and pick-up in the domestic environment. But ultimately it comes to capital that can be raised, a stable operating environment, stable policy environment and if you can get access to land, one will continue to see entrepreneurs flourish,\" Sequeira said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14539353", "title": "Gujarat gets one new dental and three medical colleges", "text": "AHMEDABAD: This year, 550 more medical seats are available for admission to students wishing to become doctors in Gujarat.Three new medical colleges and one dental college have been granted permission from the current academic year, while seats have been increased in two existing medical colleges.The three new medical colleges which have got approval are in Gandhinagar , Valsad and Patan with 150 seats each. The Rajkot and Bhavnagar medical colleges have got approval for an increase of 50 medical seats each.The Dental Council of India (DCI) has also approved a 100-seat dental college in Siddhpur which is the constituency of state health minister Jay Narayan Vyas.This year, a medical college has also been granted permission in Patan which is the constituency of revenue minister Anandiben Patel.Dr Pranav Shah of Admission Committee for Professional Medical Education Courses (ACPMEC) has said that the merit list for medical, dental, paramedical, ayurveda , homeopathy , physiotherapy and occupational therapy courses has been declared and the admission process is slated to begin from from July 17.3 more days to SSC students for engg diploma admissionAhmedabad: Three more days have been granted for admission in the diploma engineering colleges for SSC students who have not been able to register themselves.Officials said that those who failed to register for post-SSC diploma admission will be able to buy and fill forms on July 3, 4 and 5.Students will be able to buy forms from branches of Punjab National Bank where they will be given PIN number and booklet. These students are then required to contact one of the 15 polytechnic colleges where they will be able to complete their registration process.Officials said that there are a total of 54,000 diploma engineering seats for which 1.10 lakh students have filled the forms.However, an estimated 2,000 to 3,000 students complained that they had not been able to register themselves for admission following which it was decided to give them an opportunity to take part in the admission process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14539240", "title": "Fire at tyre godown in Sidhrawali, property worth lakhs gutted", "text": "GURGAON: A massive fire broke out at a tyre godown early on Saturday morning in Sidhrawali near Bilaspur. Though nobody was injured in the incident, property worth lakhs were gutted. More than 15 fire-tenders were pressed into service by Saturday afternoon, but the flames were not completely doused till the filing of this report. The reason behind the fire could not be ascertained.According to fire officials, the blaze in the godown of MRF Tyres started around 1.45pm and spread quickly. When a security guard of the godown saw smoke rising out of the godown, he informed the fire officials around 2.40 pm. According to fire officer Isham Singh Kashyap, the main fire broke out in the godown, which was built on 1.5 acres of land.\"We have controlled the fire and stopped it from spreading to another godown and a petrol pump in the vicinity. The fire has not extinguished completely as yet. Our fire-tenders are on the spot and are making efforts to douse the fire at the earliest. We hope to do that by Sunday afternoon,\" said Kashyap.Company officials feared massive damage to the godown because of the fire. However, they were relieved that the fire did not reach the petrol pump or other godowns, or else it would have turned worse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14559805", "title": "Tanvir Zaidi in 'Mele ka super star'", "text": "Allahabadi actor Tanvir Zaidi, who has played a number of roles in various serials including CID, Mano Ya Na Mano, Jail Mein Hai Zindigi, Music Mania, has been invited to judge one of the most talked about regional talent hunt shows, Mele ka super star and he seems quite excited about it.\"I am very happy to be a part of this show and hope will be able to make my contribution in bringing forth talented youngsters,\" claims the actor. The show, Mele ka Super star , gives local regional talent a platform to showcase their skills whether it is singing, dancing, stunts, mimicry, or acrobatics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14537168", "title": "Mumbai couple gets $36.48 mn compensation", "text": "WASHINGTON: A couple from Mumbai was awarded more than $ 36 million by a US court in compensation for injuries sustained in a car accident with an 18-wheeler in 2010 during a visit to the country.A Riverside County Superior Court jury awarded the amount to Prakash Sheth (64) and his wife Jashiree Sheth (58) whose car was hit by a big-rig on Interstate 10 in Beaumont. During that time, the Sheths were visiting the US and were on their way to an airport in Orange County.The plaintiffs' attorneys said the Sheths were being driven to the airport in Santa Ana when their vehicle was hit by a Schneider driver. , who went around the victims' car but failed to completely clear the sedan while changing lanes, Valley news reported.\"The impact of the truck caused the Sheths' vehicle to spin out of control across the freeway, where it hit the median barrier and was struck by another vehicle,\" according to a statement released by Panish, Shea &amp; Boyle, the law firm representing the couple.All occupants were hurt, but Jashiree was the worst hit, with a spinal fracture that left her paralyzed. agenciesShe now requires 24-hour care, said attorney Brian Panish.\"The plaintiffs have suffered tremendously and will continue to suffer for the rest of their lives,\" he said. \"The jury recognised this with their verdict. Justice was done.\"The jury award against Schneider National included USD 469,490 in past medical expenses, USD 4.8 million for future medical expenses, USD 6 million for past pain and suffering and USD 22 million for future pain and suffering.It wasn't immediately clear whether Schneider planned to appeal the jury verdict and award. Company representatives could not immediately be reached for comment.There was no answer from Schneider National's corporate office. A company spokeswoman could not immediately be reached for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14538116", "title": "Medical counselling in state to start on July 17", "text": "KOLKATA: Counselling for medical seats will begin on July 17 and will continue over three days till July 19. \"The counselling sessions for 1,800 MBBS seats and 350 seats in dental colleges will begin at RG Kar Medical College and Hospital,\" said a senior official of central medical counselling committee. \"This year, around 50 seats have been increased in RG Kar Medical College,\" he added.The reasons behind a delay in counselling sessions are not unprecedented, a committee member said. \"The central counselling will be held on July 24. In state medical colleges, 15% seats are reserved for students from All India Pre Medical Test. Thus, we were in no hurry to conduct the counselling for rankholders in medical JEE in our state,\" he reasoned.Wait for a renewal of permission for increased number of seats in six medical colleges - Calcutta Medical College and Hospital, NRS Medical College and Hospital, Sagar Dutta Medical College and Hospital, Malda State Medical College and Hospital, KPC medical College and Kalyani Medical College - also resulted in the delay. \"All the requisite permissions have been received. Moreover, we were also waiting for a nod to increase seats in RG Kar. Yearly approval is required when seats are increased in colleges. Last year, all the above six medical colleges had increased their capacity,\" the committee member said.\"As per a Supreme Court guideline, counselling sessions will have to end before July 25. We will be well on time,\" he said. This year, 1,28,385 students took the JEE exam, 78,260 engineering, 13,772 medical and 36,353 appeared for both. Examinations were held on April 1 while results were published on May 17.The counseling for engineering students has already begun from June 11 and is being conducted online. The facility is, however, not available to medical students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14536073", "title": "More than 94K students book FYJC berths", "text": "MUMBAI: Admissions to the first round of online junior college admissions ended on Saturday evening. According to figures submitted by the office of the deputy director of education (schools), 94,235 students from across all boards in the Mumbai metropolitan region ( MMR) had secured their admissions with colleges that they were allotted in the first merit list.\"Since colleges are not working on Sunday, we have given them time to update their admissions as well as surrender vacant seats by Monday afternoon. So the total number of students who have sought admissions in the first round might increase by Monday,\" said a senior official from the deputy director's office. Altogether of the 1.92 lakh applications received online, 1.64 lakh students were allotted seats in the first round of online admissions out of which 94,235 students have confirmed admissions. Close to 89,000 seats are still vacant. However, those vying for seats in the top city colleges might be disappointed.\"Almost 90-95% of our seats have been taken so we have few seats left for the second round of admissions,\" said Sunil Mantri, principal of NM College. Similarly seats at HR and Jai Hind Colleges are almost full leaving very few seats for the second merit list. Colleges can start admissions for bifocal seats internally only after July 12, as ordered by the education department.The seats surrendered by the colleges by Monday will once again be available for the second round of admissions. The second online merit list will be announced on July 4 at 5pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "etcherla (srikakulam)", "code": "14536525", "title": "Huge blast at chemical plant; 18 injured", "text": "ETCHERLA (SRIKAKULAM): At least 18 workers were on Saturday injured in a major blast at an agrochemical factory at Chilakapalem on the Visakhapatnam- Srikakulam highway.The blast which released thick black clouds of smoke, rattled the 10 villages which surround the plant with panicked residents running out of their houses. Three of the victims, who have suffered serious injuries, have been shifted to Visakhapatnam King George Hospital while the rest have been were admitted to Rims in Srikakulam.The blast, which took place at the Nagarjuna Agri Chem Ltd plant, occurred in the fifth block of the unit between 9.00am and 9.30am when most of the 40-odd workers in the first shift were taking their tea break.The blast reportedly took place when workers were testing a new chemical in the reactor which has a 10,000 litre capacity. At the time of the incident, however, only about 1,100 litres of chemical was in the reactor, sources said.The flames from the blast raged for over five hours before being brought under control by the eight fire tenders which were pressed into service. Apart from the four local fire tenders available, the Vizag steel plant and NTPC , Simhadri, too rushed their engines to the accident site.Traffic on the highway stretching to about 10kms came to a standstill. Nearby areas were vacated and shops, commercial establishments and schools closed immediately. Although it was claimed that some workers were trapped inside the building, after five tense hours officials announced that there had been no one inside the building apart from those already hospitalized.\"The blast was so huge that one of my relatives who stays 9km away, heard the sound and called me to enquire about the incident.Let alone the fire, the smoke which had soon spread over an area of 4km to 5km frightened us and caused headaches and a burning sensation in the eyes,\" said K Ramamurthy Naidu, a farmer in Chilakapalem.A representative for the management agreed that the blast might have been caused due by the heavy pressure in the reactor.MLA chased off by irate workersLocal MLA Meesala Neelakantham Naidu had to face the wrath of the local people and employees of the chemical plant when he visited the blast site of Nagarjuna Agrichem Ltd on Saturday. The MLA was forced to flee the premises under police protection upon being attacked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14555732", "title": "Mammootty puts his money on a debutant", "text": "For a megastar of Mammootty's calibre and wealth, producing a movie could have been a done deal years ago. Yet the 61-year-old actor, who has spent half his age neck-deep in cinema, has chosen to produce his first venture titled Jawan of Vellimala ( JOV) only now; and that too, with a debutant director.The fact that Mammootty has opted to work with a new-age filmmaker only goes on to prove that Malayalam cinema is changing. A chat with the film's scribe James Albert reveals a few more reasons.The scriptwriter, who has earlier worked with the superstar for Venicile Vyapari , says, \" JOV was my first script for Mammootty. We had discussed it last year. He was keen on producing it right then, but he'd asked me to hang on to it for a bit longer as he wanted to film it during summer.\"Sources say that Mammootty plays a rather challenging role, that of a retired jawan who has lost vision in one eye, and works as a dam operator in a village called Vellimala. \"The star has already done a film where he played a character who had lost vision in one eye. It was for the film Rajamanikyam , which went on to a blockbuster. Mammootty's fans expect this 'one-eyed' character will bring in success again,\" says our source.The Classmates scribe, who claims he considers himself extremely lucky to be chosen for the superstar's debut venture, says, \"One reason why he wanted to produce this film was that the story offered scope for him to perform as an actor. It's not a superstar-driven flick; instead, the script is the hero. It is possible that Mammootty wants to break away from the usual, larger-than-life roles and do a film that reminds everyone what made him one among the best actors in Indian cinema.\"JOV also has a supporting cast comprising Sreenivasan, Mamta Mohandas and Asif Ali. While the superstar's decision to go with a debutant director, Anoop , for his first production is appreciable, a source close to the actor says, \"That wasn't the initial plan. Mammootty wanted to produce Kobra with Lal, whose previous films were all commercial hits. But the plan was dropped due to the Income Tax raid that was held last year. So Lal took up the responsibility of producing it.\"Meanwhile, even before JOV's done filming, the actor's company, Playhouse, is said to have signed a deal with Lal Jose to produce a film that has been tentatively-titled Emmanuel; again , with Mammootty in the lead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14537039", "title": "Hop-on, hop-off bus service to begin in two months", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The state tourism department's hop-on/hop-off bus service plan is likely to become a reality in two months. Department officials said a government order has already been issued in this regard and the KSRTC, the implementing agency for the project, is likely to accept the final proposal in its entirety.\"I am yet to receive the government order but we participated in the discussions and we have agreed to the suggestions put forth by the department,\" said KSRTC CMD K G Mohanlal.The working group had proposed that the service be started on an experimental basis in the state capital with five low-floor buses plying two routes. The buses will be branded with the 'God's Own Country' logo.Three buses will be deployed in the 20-km long first route. The services in this route will start from East Fort (Padmanabhaswamy temple, Kuthiramalika, Chalai Market, etc) and proceed to Airport, Sanghumugham Beach, Science and Technology Museum, PMG, Napier Museum, Palayam (Church, Mosque, Temple), Statue (Secretariat, and SMSM institute) and culminate at East Fort.Two buses will ply in the second route that will covering a distance of 46km. The services will start from Vizhinjam and proceed to Kovalam, Thiruvallam backwaters, Airport, Sanghumugham Beach, Vettukad Church, Veli tourist village and Akkulam tourist village.The timings will be arranged in such a way that persons selecting one route could switch over to the other route at points the routes intersect. Also, assuming that the tourists will opt for the first four services in each route, 10% of the seats in the buses will be set aside for daily commuters. The tickets for normal passengers will be priced at Rs 50 and those for tourists, Rs 300.\"The Rs 70-lakh project is expected to breakeven in six months if the services manage to ply with 60% of the seats filled,\" said a department official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "14541325", "title": "Illegal colonies thrive in Patiala, buyers fume", "text": "PATIALA: Despite tall claims by Punjab government about containing the land mafia and mushrooming of illegal colonies in the state, things seem to be taking a worse turn in Patiala. The number of illegal colonies in Patiala district has touched 464, while there are only 77 approved colonies in the district.Punjab government had implemented Punjab Apartment and Property Regulation Act 1995 in November 1995 to stop mushrooming of illegal colonies. Under section 21 of this Act, no person can work as a promoter or estate agent without registering as a promoter. But despite such clear instructions, majority of real estate developers, in alleged connivance with politicians and bureaucrats, have been constructing illegal colonies.Details obtained by TOI showed that Patiala sub-division tops the list in the district with 300 illegal colonies, Nabha sub-division with 54 is second, Samana and Patran sub-divisions have 49 illegal colonies each while Rajpura has 26. Various property dealers sold these colonies at huge rates, claiming to provide all basic amenities as mandated by the Act. But, after getting land registered in their name, many purchasers were shocked to find that amenities like roads, sewage and water supply were missing from the colonies.\"I purchased a plot in a colony in my city. But some days back, I learned that the colony is illegal. The property dealer did not reveal the truth to me. Instead of harassing me, the administration must take action against the property dealer,\" said Sukhwinder Singh from Nabha. Though Punjab government has formed Patiala Development Authority to keep an eye and prevent construction of illegal colonies, inefficiency of its officers could be gauged from the fact that out of over a hundred colonies in the district, only 77 are approved by authorities.\"Since majority of real estate developers pay bribes to PDA officers, they don't take any action. If no bribe has been paid to PDA officers, then why they did not take any action despite having full details of illegal colonies,\" asked a senior officer, on condition of anonymity. When contacted, DC-cum-chief administrator of PDA, G K Singh, said they have decided to demolish all illegal colonies. \"In coming some days, we would start demolishing the illegal colonies,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14539158", "title": "Sadiq case: CBI seeks one more extension", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After a year-long probe, Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Saturday once again sought extension for three months from Gujarat high court (HC) in the Sadiq Jamal Mehtar encounter case.Giving reasons for more time in the Sadiq encounter case, the CBI stated: \"The case involves inter-state and even international level investigation. The reference has been made to Interpol and Protector of Emigrants, Government of India, about visit of Sadiq to Dubai and reports are awaited.\"The probe agency has claimed that it has examined around 200 persons till date, but certain scientific tests like DNA profiling are still required to be completed. The CBI has once again raised doubt over efficiency of the Forensic Science Laboratory (FSL), Ahmedabad. The application filed in the HC states that the reports from the Central Forensic Science Laboratory are contrary to the reports prepared by local FSL on some material issues.Besides, the agency has cited unavailability of Mumbai-based journalist Ketan Tirodkar as a witness. For the CBI, he is one of the crucial persons in the entire episode of alleged detention and encounter of Sadiq. But he has never turned up despite repeated summons. \"He is hiding himself away from the scope of investigation. The necessary legal recourses are being taken to ensure his presence for investigation,\" the plea for extension reads.The CBI has told the HC that the case is at a very crucial stage and more persons need to be examined to bring out the truth.Fifth extension sought in Tulsiram Prajapati caseSources said that the CBI has also sought fifth extension in the Tulsiram Prajapati encounter case from the Supreme Court.According to sources, the agency has sought one more month to complete the probe. The CBI has told the SC that it has recorded statements of witnesses in Andhra Pradesh , but the papers are so voluminous that it will take some time to arrange and serialize them.The SC asked the CBI to probe the Tulsiram encounter case in April last year, whereas the HC directions were issued in the Sadiq encounter case on June 16 last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14549019", "title": "'Thattathin Marayathu' set for July 6 release", "text": "Vineeth Sreenivasan's Thattathin Marayathu is currently one of the most widely-discussed flicks in Mollywood thanks to its marketing blitz online through its peppy teaser trailers, melodic tunes and social networking sites.The latest news is that the flick is set for a July 6 release, a week after Dulquer Salmaan's Ustaad Hotel . Vineet informs, \"The film passed the censor certification without any cuts. We're looking at July 6.\"The youth love story set in the backdrop of Thalassery stars Nivin Pauly and Isha Talwar in the lead and if it lives up to the hype could very well be one of the biggest hits this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14538380", "title": "E-meters a must for autos", "text": "NAGPUR: To ensure that mechanical meters are being replaced with e-meters, the transport department said that fitness certificates would not be issued to autorickshaw drivers if they are found without electronic meters during the annual fitness review.RTO Sarjerao Shelke told TOI that the Maharashtra government has issued a notification in February making e-meters compulsory in old autorickshaws. The notification was enforced from April 1.From July 1, the renewal of the annual fitness certificate will not be done if e-meters are not installed. On Saturday, the department witnessed a huge rush of drivers who wanted to renew the fitness of their vehicles.Annual fitness certificates are a must failing which auto drivers are slapped with a fine. Shelke said, \"The process of installation of e-meters in old autorickshaws has already begun. The price of an e-meter is around Rs2,000. The city has four authorized dealers.\"There are 20,000 autorickshaws in Nagpur alone, and hence we are not sure whether so many e-meters would be available in the market within a year. If fitness certificates are not renewed, drivers will have no option but to ply their vehicles without them. Drivers will also not get insurance claim in the event of damage to the vehicle. If caught plying with expired fitness certificates, they will be fined.\"HelplineThe RTO has revised fares that will come into force from midnight of July 1. RTO Sarjerao Shelke admitted that due to lack of manpower, his department is helpless. He, however, appealed to commuters to inform officials if auto drivers ask for excess fares. A complaint can be lodged by calling 18002333388.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14539421", "title": "Kalgi's bastion busted, 135 gamblers arrested", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Officials of DCP Zone I raided Sudama Resorts, infamous for its gambling activities, on Friday night, arrested 135 persons and seized more than Rs 30 lakh cash and other valuables.Police have also nabbed the resorts manager and have started search for the partners - Dinesh Thakkar alias Kalgi and Mahendra Patel alias Mukhi.V Chandrasekhar, deputy commissioner of police, Zone I, meticulously gathered intelligence about the resorts over the past two months and studied the earlier raids. In the past one year, there were eight raids by various agencies but each time, police would either declare minimal amount or nothing found from the spot. However this time, after getting a tip-off Chandrasekhar raided the resort with his team at 8 pm.Police found that a hall on the ground floor, used for banquets, had been converted into a gambling zone where persons were playing with cards. Two more rooms on the first floor were also raided and more persons were rounded up.Police also found a huge stash of coupons and plastic tokens from the counters. The staff confessed that the visitors used to get the tokens in lieu of cash after which they were escorted to various rooms or halls as per the game and stake. Investigators also found books of account and financial instruments from the counters and room which were used in tallying the account at the end of the day. Police said that the premises used to witness a daily turnover of Rs 50 lakh.\"The police have been asked to start search for the two owners of the resort. We will soon send a proposal to book the duo under PASA. Most of the gamblers were found to be from outside the city and were occasional visitors to the resort. However, they have been booked for the gambling activity.Action will also be taken against the concerned police officials who used to cover the illegal activity,\" said Chandrasekhar.How police cracked the codeAhmedabad: It was a challenge for the investigation party to lay their hands on proof that luxurious Sudama Resorts was indeed a gamblers' paradise. The police, however, managed to crack the modus operandi. It is one of the most successful raids in recent times at the resorts where police found Rs 47 lakh in cash, financial instruments such as cheques and demand drafts worth Rs 36.75 lakh, 31 cars and keys of vehicles and residences.A senior official involved in the raid told TOI that the team of 60 personnel including two inspectors and four sub-inspectors were not given any hint about the place of raid. After the orders to go to the resorts, another team was sent to Kalgi House near Gujarat University.\"The cash was not found in earlier raids as after every half an hour, all the cash was shifted from the resort to the house by Kalgi's men. The tables would be cleared regularly and cash would be disposed of to eyewash police during the raid. However, when the raid took place at the resorts, the house was raided simultaneously, not giving chance to Kalgi's men to shift the cash and other valuables,\" said the official.Investigators said that the resorts and house were constantly under CCTV surveillance. However, the raid was a surprise for the miscreants as police informers who would generally tip them off about an imminent raid did not do so this time.Officials said that they have also found a currency counter from the shop. \"The cash flow was such that two persons were only employed to take care of the cash that used to come at the resorts. The minimum amount to start the game would be Rs 20,000 and no newcomer was encouraged. Only the regulars and their guests were entertained to avert any attention to the activities,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14555145", "title": "Pawan to grace Gabbar Singh 50 days function", "text": "Pawan Kalyan, who generally stays away from success meets and celebrations, has finally given the nod to attend Gabbar Singh's 50 days function. Sources say that producer Bandla Ganesh and director Harish Shankar have managed to convince the actor to take part in the 50 days celebrations.Harish, on the other hand, left to Vizag to interact with the fans at V Max Theater, and also to celebrate the 50 days function. Now with Pawan giving the green signal, Bandla Ganesh is planning to organize a huge event to celebrate Gabbar Singh 50 days function shortly.Gabbar Singh has successfully completed 50 days run in 306 centers as on June 29 and has registered record-breaking collections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14540237", "title": "Neeraj Kumar takes over as top cop", "text": "NEW DELHI: Senior IPS officer Neeraj Kumar, known for his acumen in handling terror and underworld cases, took over as Delhi Police commissioner on Saturday, asserting yet again that a terror-free city and a more people-friendly force would be his focus areas. On whether the ground realities have been looking up or turned worse in the past few months, Kumar said, \"I can make an accurate comment only after I discuss the situation with my officers.\"A 1976-batch officer who was serving as director-general of Tihar Jail, Kumar (58) succeeded B K Gupta, who retired on Saturday. Better known for busting terror modules as CBI joint director and joint commissioner of Delhi Police's special cell, Kumar outlined anti-terror activities, prevention and detection of crime, maintenance of law and order and improving the perception of cops among public as the challenges before him.Earlier in the day, Gupta said constables who stand under scorching sun for long hours are the \"real heroes\" and they should be treated with respect. He also claimed that street crime had reduced during his tenure.tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14539748", "title": "Indian prisoners are not treated badly in Pakistan", "text": "This week, Surjeet Singh walked free after spending 31 years in a Pakistani jail for spying. Meanwhile, Sarabjit Singh , another Indian who has spent 21 years on death row in Pakistan is at the centre of an ongoing campaign for his release. The issues involved here are humanitarian, not political, secretary general of the Pakistan-India People's Forum for Peace and Democracy Tapan Bose tells Archana Khare GhoseDo you think more releases are likely to happen? What is the biggest roadblock in the process?We must understand that it is not a political but a humanitarian issue. Both the countries have been playing the game of spies - upon his release Surjeet openly declared that he was a spy - but there are other types of prisoners as well. Quite a few cross the border inadvertently. But there is never any consular action and it becomes difficult to reach them in jails, especially as Indians, unlike Pakistanis, don't even have identity cards. Bureaucrats on either side don't really care. In 1995-1996, there were about 200 Indian fishermen in Pakistani jails, but Indian officials didn't have any record. It was the people from Porbandar who pushed us and we established fishermen's forum in India and Pakistan.How many Indian prisoners are there in Pakistan and vice versa?About six months back, the figure that we had reached upon was of 84 Pakistanis in Indian jails and 123 Indians on the other side. But there could be more as we get data separately jail by jail. Errors too happen at times - transliteration between Urdu-English-Hindi may lead to a Shahid being registered as Shahad, for instance. Jail authorities are pretty forthcoming with information, though, and want to send away those whose terms are over as jails are overflowing. The matter, however, has to be taken care of systematically. Both the states have to give consular access to prisoners. But our high commissioners visit Karachi/ Amritsar jails once in five years.You've visited jails in Pakistan. How are the conditions there?Indian prisoners are not treated badly because they are from India. They are treated just like any other ordinary prisoner. In fact, it's the jailers who help us identify people whose identity is lost. One of the prisoners from Barmer in Rajasthan had converted to Islam, changed his name and was earning money by making prayer caps. It was the jailer who helped us identify him. Similarly, 10 years ago, it was a local lawyer in Peshawar who pointed out the case of a mentally imbalanced young man from Chandigarh who had fought with his wife and made off with his two children to Pakistan. He was apprehended near Peshawar where he told the police that he was going to Afghanistan . He has since returned. Remember the case of an 11-year-old boy who had strayed into India hoping to meet Shah Rukh Khan ? It was an Amritsar lawyer who took up his case.Can Kashmir be blamed for the continued stand-off between the two countries on every other issue?Kashmir is not the only issue even though it appears to be so. There is a strong Kashmir lobby in Pakistan's Punjab and it suits our politicians too - both want to continue with the siege mentality. But there are many other issues like Siachen and Sir Creek. As it has been discovered that Sir Creek has large reserves of gas, it has every potential to undermine the importance of Kashmir between the two nations. Besides, there is the more serious issue of water sharing between India and Pakistan.Track II diplomacy between India and Pakistan has helped people-to-people contact. Can it not help the issue of prisoners as well?The issue of prisoners would have to be addressed urgently. It would be one of the most important confidence builders. Almost 80% of the prisoners are those who have violated the law deliberately; only a miniscule number is of those who cross the border inadvertently. But not all those who breach the law deliberately are spies.There are those whose families live across the border and once they come in, they don't want to go back.The visa regime can be relaxed. Both countries have an overwhelming percentage of young people who don't have memories of 1947. They would love to visit their neighbours on tourist visas.But the governments think that all of this will undermine national security and have fenced themselves up. The tragedy is that it's the poor people of both the countries who end up paying a heavy price for the political stand-off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14538685", "title": "Now, tatkal counters will open at 10am to reduce rush", "text": "NASHIK: The railways has decided to open the tatkal bookings two hours late, at 10am instead of 8am, to benefit travellers booking their tickets, the officials said. \"According to the notification issued by Ministry of Railways, the tatkal ticket bookings will begin from originating stations at 10am, one day prior to the date of the journey,\" the officials said, adding that this was aimed at ensuring that there was no rush for regular bookings and tatkal bookings in the morning.The sources from Railways said that at present, for tatkal bookings, agents sleep at the counters all night and hence the customers who want to book without an agent's intervention find it difficult to get through the line for the tickets. The late opening - at 10am would ensure that this rush is reduced. This would further ensure that the reservation queues for the opening date (120 days prior to travel date of journey, when booking open) do not clash with tatkal. The authorized agents, agents of Indian Railways Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC), Rail Travelers Services Agents (RTSAs) and Rail Tourism Agents (RTAs) would not be allowed to book the tickets before 12am.The decision to change the timings was taken after complaints regarding agents and touts managing to buy tickets on fake names and fleecing passengers were made. Besides, the railways is also contemplating to ensure special tatkal windows or modifying the ones in service at booking centres, making identity cards compulsory for all reservations and at the same time changes in programmes which will allow one tatkal booking per compute.Ban on cellphoneThe Railways also intends to bar booking clerks from carrying cellphones when they are onthe job. \"Even the officials on the booking desks could face restrictions soon- especially on carrying cellphones when they are in the centres,\" a senior railway official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14542710", "title": "Time table for stds X, XII exams in 2013 released", "text": "PUNE: The higher secondary certificate (HSC, Std XII) 2013 examination will commence from February 21, 2013 while the secondary school certificate (SSC, Std X) examination will begin from March 2, 2013.The Maharashtra State Board for Secondary and Higher Secondary Education, which conducts these exams across the nine divisional boards in the state, released the time tables for the HSC, SSC 2013 exams on Saturday.The move comes as part of the practice introduced over the last couple of years of declaring the exam time tables one year in advance to reduce the stress on students and enable them plan their exam preparations.While the HSC exams will culminate on March 25, the online papers for information technology subjects at Std XII level have been scheduled for March 22, 23 and 25, 2013. Similarly, the SSC exams too will get over on March 25, 2013.The board has provided for adequate rest days in between two papers as part of the stress reduction effort. Details of subject-wise time table have been posted on the state board's official website: www.msbshse.ac.in.Shahaji Dhekane, state board secretary, said, \"The time table details posted on the website are only for the purpose of information. Hard copies of the exam schedule will be provided to the secondary schools before the written examination and students are advised to cross check details from the same for appearing in the exams.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "rourkela", "code": "14554854", "title": "Ahmedabad-Howrah express derails; train movement hit", "text": "ROURKELA: Rail traffic was affected following derailment of a goods bogie of Ahmedabad-Howrah Express near Sonakhan station on Rourkela-Rajgangpur section of South-Eastern Railway on Sunday, railway sources said.There were no injuries as the bogie, attached on rear of the long distance down train, got derailed, Pratap Swain, sub-divisional police officer, GRP, said.\"No one was injured following the incident nor any damage caused to other compartments of the train,\" he said.The bogie was detached and the train was allowed to proceed after some time, he said.One track was now functioning and efforts were on to restore traffic on the other one soon, he said adding generally during day time there was less movement of passenger trains on the route.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14538314", "title": "Driest June in decade ends with a shower", "text": "NAGPUR: Though the month ended with a brief spell of a welcome shower, this June has been among the driest in the recent few years in the city. In the past decade, the cumulative rainfall received in the month has never been as low as it was this year - a deficiency of 58%. Over the years, delayed arrival of monsoons seems to have made the month a period of extended summer, rather the rainy month it was previously considered.The story remained the same all over Vidarbha, with the overall deficiency of rains for the month being 30%. Nagpur had the highest percentage diversion in terms of rainfall, followed closely by Gadchiroli at 52% and Gondia at 47%.While the met department earmarks the period between June 10 and June 14 for the arrival of monsoon, the onset of season has largely been towards the end of the month in the last few years. This year, too, despite the predictions for a 'normal' and on-time arrival of the rain-bearing clouds by the weathermen, it was not until June 19 that the season was declared to have arrived in the region. Even after being declared, rains eluded the city and region for long with the temperatures remaining up to 4 degrees above normal. Even the summer this year was less harsh for the most period.Despite this, the weatherman seems confident of a normal rainy season. \"When we forecast normal, we mean it as an average of the season as a long term average for all the four months. The less than expected rains in this month will be compensated for in the next,\" said an official of the regional met department. He also said that the system does not look favourable for it to rain over the region for another few days as the conditions over the Bay of Bengal that bring rain in the central part of the country have not formed yet. \"Till the conditions become favourable, the day temperatures may touch 39 degrees with scanty rains expected in isolated places,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14555627", "title": "Disclose property by July 15 or face action: Home ministry to IPS officers", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union home ministry has issued a fresh deadline of July 15 for IPS officers to submit their annual immovable property returns (IPRs), failing which they will not be promoted and given other benefits which include posting at the Centre.In a fresh circular sent to all state home secretaries, joint secretary K K Mittal in the home ministry asked 550 IPS officials to submit their IPRs positively by July 15.\"IPS officers who have not submitted their IPRs for the year 2011 will be denied vigilance clearance for promotion, empanelment, other nominations for training and awards,\" the circular said while directing strict compliance.Union home minister P Chidambaram had on Friday expressed his unhappiness over non-filing of IPRs by the IPS officers.He had said in case of officers who claim to have submitted their IPRs to the state government but which are yet to be forwarded, they should submit a copy directly to the central government.As many as 550 officers of the 3,325-strong IPS cadre have failed to meet the earlier two deadlines of January 31 and June 15 to file their IPRs.In the fresh circular, the state governments have been furnished the list of the defaulting officers.According to All India Service Rules, every member of the IPS shall submit his or her return of the property by January 31 every year in respect of the previous year.As per MHA's website, Uttar Pradesh tops the list of defaulting IPS officers with 81 of a sanctioned strength of 317 having not submitted their IPRs while Odisha has an outstanding of only eight IPS officers out of 107, who have failed to provide the information.Among other states, there are 76 defaulters from Karnataka, 33 ( Jharkhand ), 29 ( Andhra Pradesh ), 26 ( Jammu and Kashmir ), 23 each from Maharashtra and Himachal Pradesh , 20 (Himachal Pradesh), 18 (Gujarat) and 17 ( Tamil Nadu ).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14542505", "title": "Disabled man Gholap tops 2011 Maharashtra Public Service Commission exam", "text": "PUNE: Ramesh Gorakh Gholap, a physically handicapped candidate, has topped the Maharashtra Public Service Commission (MPSC) Main exam 2011, the results of which were declared by the commission on Saturday.Gholap scored the highest marks among all the candidates and will now join the state government services as a deputy chief executive officer-cum-block development officer (higher grade).Manisha Dhondiram Chhote stood first among women candidates and will joint the state services as an assistant commissioner of sales tax, an MPSC release stated.The MPSC is the state government's premier body entrusted with the task of conducting exams for recruitment to state government posts at various departments. It also advises the government on matters related to recruitment procedures.The MPSC Mains 2011 were conducted for 123 posts of naib tehsildar, 75 posts of Maharashtra finance and accounts group, 40 posts of assistant commissioner of sales tax, 32 posts of assistant commissioner of police, five posts of deputy CEO and BDO, four posts each of assistant regional transport officer and deputy superindent of land records besides two posts of block development officer group B.Yogest Karanjekar topped among the finance and accounts group candidates while Rameshwar V Gore stood first among the assistant regional tansport officer group. Navnath Thakaji Dhavale stood first among the assistant commissioner of police candidates while Madhuri Ashok Dongare topped the naib tehsildar group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14552963", "title": "Post comedy, Riteish to go for drama and crime thriller", "text": "Best at tickling the funny bone of the audience, actor Riteish Deshmukh will now tread an unusual path with a drama and an urban crime thriller film.Riteish's comic timing in films like Masti, Kya Kool Hai Hum, Malamaal Weekly, Heyy Babyy, Dhamaal and Housefull series garnered him appreciation from all quarters. But now he wants to venture into a new territory.\"I did Tere Naal Love Ho Gaya, a romantic comedy with Genelia. She was aggressive and I had taken backseat...it was the chemistry that was required and it worked. After this ...things changed because people's perception has changed,\" Riteish said.\"I have two different kinds of films that I would be doing - one drama and another urban crime thriller. I am looking forward to doing that...I am sure it will be great fun,\" he said though he didn't elaborate on them.Earlier Riteish tried his luck on genres other than comedy in action film Cash, Ram Gopal Varma's Naach and Rann, Sohail Khan's home production Fight Club, Sujoy Ghosh's Aladin, but they failed at the box office.Apart from this, he had signed up Indra Kumar's Masti 2. \"I start shooting for Masti 2 from first week of August with Aftab, Vivek and me. It is my fourth film with Indra Kumar. It will be fun,\" he added.Masti 2 is the sequel of 2004 hit comedy Masti that starred Riteish, Vivek Oberoi, Aftab Shivdasani, Genelia, Amrita Rao, Tara Sharma, Lara Dutta and Ajay Devgn.His next release is Kya Super Kool Hain Hum, a sequel to the 2005-hit Kya Kool Hain Hum. Releasing on July 27, the film, directed by Sachin Yardi, features Riteish, Tusshar Kapoor , Neha Sharma and Sarah Jane Dias.\"In the film Tusshar plays a struggling actor and I am a struggling DJ. For both of us bad luck is going on...they are working hard but nothing seems to work out. We inadvertently get into trouble doing certain things,\" Riteish said.Kya Super Kool Hain Hum is an adult comedy also featuring a pug (dog), whom Riteish describes as the third hero of the movie.\"He earns and we survive on his earnings. He is the bread earner of this family. He believes in sharing and scaring and he is very loyal...he is very generous,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14539851", "title": "Colleges to go strict on poster boys", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Remove your party posters or be ready to get debarred from college. That's the warning being issued by certain colleges to fight the problem of defacement of public property by students ahead of the new academic session.Following massive defacement in Sector 26 institutional area, across boundary walls of not only colleges, but even schools, SGGS College, Sector 26, has put up a notice cautioning students. Student organizations have been warned of strict consequences if their posters are seen anywhere.\"Students had defaced the entire boundary wall of adjoining schools. Police had torn them off a few days ago. But the menace was growing and so we had issued the notice,\" said H S Sohi, principal SGGS College.Five students have been booked for defacing public property. Punishment for defacing public property ranges from six months imprisonment or a fine of Rs 1,000 or both.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "14541044", "title": "Bhagavad Gita quiz contest in Pakistan", "text": "AMRITSAR: It may sound strange but shlokas from Bhagavad Gita reverberated in a school in Karachi, Pakistan, where young Hindu boys and girls took part in a quiz contest held on Saturday to test their knowledge of their religion -- Sanatan Dharma. Buoyed by the success of the event, the organizers, Pakistan Hindu Seva (PHS), a welfare trust, has decided to hold such contests more often.\"Children were taught Bhagavad Gita and then various questions asked from them. It helped build their confidence and they also get to know more about one of the greatest Hindu scriptures,\" PHS president Sanjesh S Dhanja told TOI from Karachi.The competition was organized at Sancta Maria School, Gizri lane, Karachi, which is a Muslim majority area, added another PHS member Mukhi Odha Mal. \"We got an overwhelming support from our Muslim brethren. They did not only cooperate with us but also extended help in making the competition a grand success,\" he added. \"I am very happy with this initiative of PHS and feel that such contests should be held in every city and village with a Hindu population,\" said Sanjay Goyer, father of a participating student Anish, who studies in KG. The father-son duo had arrived from Gulshan-e-Hadeed, 60km from Karachi.An eigth standard student of Sancta Maria School, Bhawan said he was \"so impressed\" that he offered to be an PHS volunteer . Yasir Kazmi, who is attached with the programme, said PHS didn't have enough funds to extend the programme, for which NGOs should come forward to support it. Sanjesh said they would hold the next Gita contest on July 15 at Lanchore Line, also known as mini Mumbai, which has more than 5,000 Hindu members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14537310", "title": "Government buckles, stops release of water to Krishna Delta", "text": "HYDERABAD: The release of water from the Nagarjunsagar dam for the Krishna delta has triggered regional tensions with Telangana activists staging protests on Saturday against the move by the state government even as people in the Andhra region responded with agitations.The government on Friday decided to release 15 TMC of water, spread over 30 days, for the eastern and western deltas of the Krishna region to irrigate the paddy nurseries there. Unless the nurseries are provided water, the paddy seed-beds will not be ready when the monsoon rains show up. However, within a few minutes of the water being released on Friday, TRS activists from Nalgonda descended on Nagarjunsagar dam and staged a protest. Fearing trouble, Genco officials conferred with higher officials in Hyderabad and stopped the release of water.Saturday saw protests across the Telangana region against the release of the water. While TRS activists staged a protest outside the chief engineer's office in Nalgonda, party MLA S Rajaiah organized a dharna at Station Ghanpur in Warangal district. TRS leaders warned of dire consequences if the water was released for the delta region ignoring the acute drinking water shortage in Hyderabad, Nalgonda and Mahbubnagar districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "guwahati/silchar", "code": "14538014", "title": "Assam MLA, \u2018husband\u2019 thrashed", "text": "GUWAHATI/SILCHAR: A mob on Friday beat up Rumi Nath, 33, Congress MLA from Borkhola in south Assam's Cachar district, and the man she \"married\" a month ago without divorcing her first husband. The MLA had visited the flood-hit in her constituency and travelled to Karimganj, some 50km away, and was eating at a hotel with her \"second husband\" Jakir Hussain when a 100-strong mob barged in. Police later escorted the couple to Guwahati.Local TV channels showed the mob repeatedly kicking the MLA and dragging her by the hair, and raining blows on Hussain. Both bled profusely as the MLA pleaded with the attackers.\"They were drunk and wanted to rape me. They ripped my clothes and might have tried to murder me. I hope the government will order an inquiry,\" the MLA said.Rumi Nath has claimed that the attack was \"politically motivated\".Rumi, who is nursing grievous injuries, and her husband are now under heavy police protection at the MLA quarters in Guwahati.Rumi's second husband, Abu Sahid Muhammad Jakir Hussain, aka Jacky, who is a social welfare department clerk posted at Mahakal, Karimganj, said, \"They tortured my wife for 25 minutes. Her guards were also attacked. Some force wants to finish her political career.\" This was Nath's first visit to her constituency after her elopement with Jacky last month. Her first husband, Rakesh Singh, is UP-based. Nath, a two-time MLA, had gone to her constituency with her supporters amid a boycott call by the tea garden community over her controversial second marriage. In fact, when the visit was on, some women tried to attack her with brooms. But her supporters saved her.In the evening she returned to Karimganj, where she has been staying with Jacky in a rented house. The couple went shopping and was dining at a hotel when around 10.30pm the news of her presence in the area spread. Soon, a mob gheraoed the hotel and smashed its doors.SP (Karimganj) Pradeep Poojari said soon after receiving news of the attack, his men and CRPF personnel rushed to the hotel and rescued the couple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14547844", "title": "Amy Jackson in Shankar\u2019s \u201cI\u201d?", "text": "Amy Jackson is getting busier. The Brit beauty pageant, who made her acting debut in Tamil film \"Madrasapattinam\", is now being considered for a female lead role in Shankar's high budget film \"I\", starring Vikram.Amy earlier worked with Vikram, for the film \"Thandavam\" and latest reports now say that Shankar is planning to rope in the British model for one of the female leds in his film \"I\". After Samantha's exit, director Shankar is now looking for various options and production hands indicate that Amy is being strongly considered. The name of another heroine in the film is yet to be finalized and sources say that Shannkar is planning to cast a popular Bollywood heroine.Apart from Kollywood, Amy Jackson has also made her Bollywood debut with \"Ekk Deewana Tha\" and now the actress is working with Ram Charan for the film \"Yevadu\" to make her Tollywood debut.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14536848", "title": "Phonebook reveals top LeT, ISI contacts", "text": "NEW DELHI: Key 26/11 conspirator Syed Zabiuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal's cellphone has yielded numbers of his Lashkar and ISI contacts which can prove to be a treasure trove for Indian investigators looking for links between the Mumbai attacks and the Pakistani state.Sources said that they found around 60 \"interesting\" numbers in Jundal's mobile phone and Jundal has allegedly claimed that of these about 15 are of ISI officers and Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) members in Pakistan. The other numbers are of contacts in the UAE and Saudi Arabia. With the arrest of Jundal, these numbers are likely to become inactive, but they provide a line of investigation for Indian agencies, although not much cooperation can be expected to be forthcoming from Pakistan, which usually offers the stock response like persons and numbers are not traceable.Identities of ISI and LeT personnel can add to what investigators know about the two organizations that are joined at the hip. Delhi Police and IB officials are trying to verify names and designations given by Jundal of his contacts. \"We have begun our exercise to know more about these people and locate them,\" said a source.In another disclosure, Jundal has told officials that German Bakery blast accused Fayaz Kagzi, who was Ansari's accomplice and who inducted him into the LeT, is living in Abu Dhabi. \"We have got details on Fayaz Kagzi, who is involved in recruitment for LeT in the UAE,\" said a source.The officials said Jundal had obtained the SIM card for his mobile from Pakistan. \"He was in regular touch with these people from Saudi Arabia,\" said the source.Jundal has also disclosed details of the Mumbai plan discussed by Zaki-ur-Rehman Lakhvi, Muzammil, Sajid Mir and other LeT leaders with him.Going by the plan, sources said, the 10 terrorists who attacked targets in Mumbai were asked to \"cause as many casualties as possible and kill maximum number of foreigners in Taj hotel and then get themselves killed within 24 hours\".Twenty two foreign nationals died in 26/11 out of total 166 victims, leading a Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) team to visit India to investigate the matter.Investigators also say they had taken the voice samples of Jundal on June 22, a day after he was arrested, to match with previous samples the Indian agencies already have.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14538748", "title": "Several areas to face power cut on Monday", "text": "CHENNAI: Power supply will be suspended in the following areas on Monday from 9 am to 5.30pm for maintenance work.Kottivakkam: Entire Thiruvalluvar Nagar, 1 to 4th Seward Road, East Mada St, Anna St, Kottivakkam Kuppam Road, New Beach Road, Journalist Colony, Srinivasapuram, LP Nagar, Kalyani St, Palakalai Nagar, Venkateswara Nagar, VGP Layout, Part of ECR Road, Anna Salai, AIR colony, Sankarapuram, Kandhsamy Nagar, Jayasankar Nagar, Karim Nagar, Sangam Colony, MGR St, Periyar Salai, Palavakkam Kuppam and Kottivakkam Kuppam.Anna Salai: Bootha Perumal Koil St, Perumal Mudali St, EB Link Road, Kalyani construction, Cosmopolitan Club, Devi Theater Complex, Gee Gee complex, Kasthuri buildings, Santhi Theater complex, Srilekha RMG complex, Dinrose Estate comples, 69 Anna Salai, Part of Anna Salai, SVS club building and others, Central Bank of India, 804 Anna Salai complex, AVA Towers building complex, Rayala Towers building complex, State Bank of India, Jammu and Kashmir Bank, State Bank St, 11 lanes, Arumugam St, GP Road, Blackers Raod, Dams Road, Wallers Road, Muthu St, Bangaru Naicken Street, Syed Abdullah St, Samy Achari St, Boo Begum St, Border Thorram, LGN Road, Begun Sahib St, Gopal Dass Road, Mohandoss Road, Subarayan St, Nainiyappan St, Karim Mohideen st 1st to 5th st, Tarapore Towers, Dhun Building, Sarada's Silks and Emporium, Bata Show room, Prince Kushal Towers, Rajyok construction, Gowtham Towers, Pachayappa Trust Building, Thakurdas Chatram Building, Velders St, LIC Building complex and HPO office.Korattur: Kamaraj Nagar, Jambukeswarar Nagar, KR Nagar, Kasthuri Nagar, Central Avenue, TNHB 2 TO 9, 11 TO 24 AND 35 TO 47th St, Kannagi Nagar, Shanthi Nagar, Sivananda Colony, Kumaraswamy Colony, Krishna Nagar, Chavadi St, Railway Station Road, Bharathi Nagar, Pillayar Koil St, Manickam Pillai St, Sasthri Sqaue, Kamaraj nagar, Malayathamman Koil St, Nehru Nagar, Perumal Koil St, Pthiamman koil St, Thirumalai Nagar, Thillai Nagar, TMP Nagar, Mathialagan Nagar, Part of MTH road, Raja St, Mogappair Road, Gopal Naicker Nagar, Thiruvalluvar St and Vanniar St.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "singur", "code": "14538589", "title": "Didi's dole sparks tension in Singur, political war brews", "text": "Singur: On Saturday, Singur hogged the political limelight yet again with parties trying to use the division between the so called willing farmers (those who gave away their land for the project and have been denied allowance) and the unwilling farmers who have a locus standi now, even after the Singur Land Rehabilitation and Development Act has been annulled by the high court.Several With the deserted Nano factory looming large in the compoundcompound in Singur mocked at the farmers who walked up to the block development office from Khaserbheri mouza early on Saturday in the morning to collect subsidised rice coupons, majority of whom . Most of them thanking their Didi for the dole, including the monthly allowance of Rs 2000. A total 231 farmers of the targetted 250 beneficiaries from Khaserbheri have collected coupons, said Hooghly district magistrate Sripriya Rangarajan.In stark contrast were some marginal farmers, who had willingly parted with their land for a price that was not enough to sustain their families, who stood at a distance and watched helplessly. They are not entitled to the dole. Yards away stood some of the marginal farmers who gave land to the government for a price that was not enough to sustain their families. But they are not entitled to the dole.\"The government acquired a small plot that we had within the project area and we were given got a meagre sum. The Tatas promised us jobs. They are now past. Why then is the government denying us the dole? We are also suffering. We didn't give land to a particular party, we gave land to the government,\" said farmer Kajal Pal sitting at a tea stall while the Trinamool Chhatra Parishad supporters came in hordes from the Kamarkundu railway station.On Saturday, Singur hogged the political limelight yet again with parties trying to use the division between the so called willing farmers (those who gave land for the project and have been denied allowance) and the unwilling farmers who have a locus standi now, even after the Singur Land Rehabilitation and Development Act has been annulled by the high court.While Trinamool Chhatra Parishad activists swore by the unwilling farmers singing paeans for Mamata Banerjee all through the rally route from Kamarkundu station to Beraberi Bazar, Congress supporters wore badges saying: \"Singure rajnoitik natak bandha koro, alochonai bosho. (End the political drama in Singur. Sit for talks).\" Speaking at a meeting in Singurbazar, Congress leader Abdul Mannan said, welcomed the government's move to give monthly allowance to farmers.\"It's good. But we want to know who prepared the list of beneficiaries? What about the land labourer families? I would urge the CM to call an all-party meeting to discuss industry and at the same time give relief to farmers.\" Mannan said at a meeting held in Singurbazar.In a turn of events from 2007, the CPM was totally absent from the scene.While political parties flexed their muscles in Singur, with SUCI(C) planning a showdown on Sunday and rebel CPM minister Abdur Rezzak Molla planning a stir on July 3 against his party's directive, CPM activists were nowhere to be seen. in the scene on Saturday.Local CPM leader Sreekanta Chatterjee was left alone. \"Trinamool activists came to Singur and told many things. But they were silent on how farmers will get back their land,\" said Chatterjee.Trinamool MLA and convenor of the Singur Krishijami Raksha Committee, however, said that the government will take legal recourse to give back the land to unwilling farmers.Out of the Singur scene, Left Front partners held a meeting at Alimuddin Street in the morning. \"We want the government not to distinguish between willing and unwilling farmers and give the monthly allowance and monthly quota of subsidised rice to all the farmers whose plots have been taken in the Nano project,\" said Left Front chairperson Biman Bose.Trinamool MLA and convenor of the Singur Krishijami Raksha Committee, however, said that the government will take legal recourse to give back the land to unwilling farmers. Bose also gave a twist to his appeal by urging the government to drop criminal cases against those who took part in the Singur stir. Most of them are Trinamool and Naxal loyalists who were booked during the Left Front rule, and the Mamata Banerjee government is sitting on those case for one and a half year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14537107", "title": "10K students seek exam copies under RTI rule", "text": "MUMBAI:In the first year of it's institution, over 10,000 SSC and HSC students have sought copies of their board exam answer sheets under RTI from the state . Officials said maximum applications came from the Mumbai division.\"We received 7740 applications from HSC and 3667 applications from SSC students from SSC students this yearEven though the process is still on for re-evaluations, as of now very few students' marks has improved,\" said Sarjerao Jadhav, state board chairman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14537161", "title": "Poor response to Layout Regularisation Scheme", "text": "HYDERABAD: The much-hyped Layout Regularisation Scheme (LRS) has not attracted many plot owners. Even after six months, both Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) and Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) put together received about 23,000 applications for regularisation of plots in unapproved layouts till June 30.The second spell of LRS, which began in January this year, ended on Saturday. While the GHMC received about 15,000 applications, HMDA got about 8,000 applications till Saturday.Official sources said GHMC has not sought extension of LRS and Municipal Administration and Urban Development (MA&UD;) department might not consider extension this time.The poor response is due to the 20% surcharge imposed on the penal amount. As per a government order (GO), 20% surcharge was collected from both new and old applications from faulty owners.Though the GHMC officials processed about 18,000 old applications the plot owners were not coming forward to pay the balance amount and take proceedings. Similarly, another 10,000 old applications were pending with the HMDA, where the owners have to make the balance penal amount.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14537763", "title": "Chief minister to inaugurate Federation of Indian Export Organizations Kerala chapter office in Kochi", "text": "KOCHI: Federation of Indian Export Organizations (FIEO), the apex body of all Export Promotion Organizations in India, set up by the ministry of commerce, will open its Kerala chapter office at Kaloor, Kochi on July 7.The inauguration ceremony will be held at Taj Gateway, Ernakulam by chief minister Oommen Chandy. Professor K V Thomas, union minister of state for consumer affairs, food and public distribution will be the special guest.Dr Anup K Pujari, director general of foreign trade, New Delhi will be the guest of honour at the ceremony. The opening of FIEO office is part of the strategy of FIEO to focus on Kerala for increasing exports and to achieve the ambitious national export target of US$ 500 million by 2015.FIEO is also planning to focus on promotion of agro and processed foods, spices, marine, engineering, chemicals, computer software, healthcare services and tourism from Kerala by providing specialized services to the industries in these categories.Exports from Kerala during the year 2011-12 was around 11.5% billion US$ with a share of below 4% of the national kitty, and FIEO is aiming for a strategy to increase this share to 6% by the year 2015.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14552926", "title": "Congested highways increase asthma risk", "text": "Living near a heavily congested highway correlates with a higher presence of asthma, a new study has revealed.In the study, conducted by researchers at SUNY Downstate Medical Center and Lutheran Medical Center in Brooklyn, New York, they found higher rates of asthma among those living closer to Interstate 278, near a portion known locally as the Gowanus Expressway, and lower rates of disease in those living in the same community but farther from the Interstate.\"Our participants were randomly recruited and we observed that the patients who reported asthma live significantly closer to the Gowanus Expressway, compared to the healthy controls who live in the same area, but at a longer distance from the Gowanus,\" Maria-Anna Vastardi, from SUNY Downstate, said.According to Dr. Vastardi, the findings indicate that proximity to a heavily trafficked highway correlates with the presence of asthma in adults, but not with seasonal allergy.The results suggest that vehicle emissions may increase the risk for developing inflammatory lung disease in adults.The study involved 62 adults recruited from the outpatient department of Lutheran Medical Center, including 45 patients with rhinoconjunctivitis or asthma and 17 healthy controls.The study has been published in the Journal of Allergy and Clinical Immunology .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "14536941", "title": "28-yr-old drowns in Ponda", "text": "PONDA: The police on Friday recovered the body of Devesh Naik, 28, from Betki-Borim in Ponda who drowned while hook-fishing in the Zuari river at Borim.Naik had gone fishing on Thursday and police said he could have drowned between Thursday and Friday. Fishermen saw the body floating only late Friday evening and fished it out before the police could reach the site. The police then sent the body for an autopsy to GMC, Bambolim.Police suspect that the boy could have accidentally fallen into the water and drowned and registered the case as an 'unnatural death' under Section 174 of CrPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "virudhunagar", "code": "14542999", "title": "35 bonded labourers rescued from brick kiln in Ramanathapuram", "text": "VIRUDHUNAGAR: Thirty-five bonded labourers, including seven children and 13 women were rescued from a brick kiln in Ramanathapuram district.The labourers, belonging to 13 families from Aruppukottai in Virudhunagar district were taken to the brick kiln six months back, but were not paid wages or served proper food. Based on a complaint from one of the labourers who escaped from the clutches of the employer, Virudhunagar officials raided the brick kiln and rescued them. The Ramanathapuram police have detained 14 persons including the owner of the brick kiln for preventing the officials from rescuing the labourers.Narikudi inspector, Shanmugam, who was part of the team, said that the rescued labourers have been sent to their villages. The police said that Karthik of Maraikulam in Aruppukottai was one of the bonded labourers who were taken to work in the brick kiln six months back. He managed to escape two days back along with his wife, but his two children were trapped in the kiln. Karthik then lodged a complaint with Aruppukottai RDO Gunasekaran, who in turn took it to the notice of the Virudhunagar collector M Balaji. Balaji ordered immediate rescue of the labourers and a team of officials including RDO Gunasekaran and inspector Shanmugam raided the brick kiln owned by Moorthy at Achankulam.However, Moorthy and his employees at the kiln posed a stiff resistance and prevented the officials from taking away the labourers. Subsequently, the Virudhunagar officials informed Paramakudi RDO Meera Parameswari and tahsildar Kaleeswaran and sought their assistance. The official then informed the local police who took them away.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14552439", "title": "I was offered 5m pounds by Indian bookie to fix Leicester matches: Nixon", "text": "LONDON: Former England and Leicestershire cricketer Paul Nixon has revealed how he was once offered a mind-boggling five million pounds by an Indian bookie to spot-fix matches in domestic cricket in England.In a write-up for the Daily Mail, Nixon revealed how met the Indian bookie identified only as \"K\" at the Leicester Mariott Hotel to have a chat about a new business idea that the latter had in mind.He said that the meeting with \"K\" took place on May 21, 2010.\"I strolled through the hotel's glass doors and was greeted by K. We traded pleasantries, sat down with drinks and he briefed me about his business idea,\" Nixon said.Nixon revealed that as the conversation progressed, \"K\" said that he could make a lot of money if he (Nixon) chose to, both in England and abroad.\"He wasn't talking property; he was talking cricket matches in India that were rigged. Dozens of them,\" Nixon claimed.\"He explained how I could become rich if I was prepared to help throw a Twenty20 game in England,\" Nixon added.\"He made it plain that if I could help things go a certain way in that game, I could make myself very wealthy. All English televised games are beamed back to India, he explained, fuelling an underground betting market worth billions. If I was able to arrange it so that we lost the first six overs, I would be quids in. If I could influence the coin toss, all the better. And should I manage to fix the result, I could become stupidly rich,\" Nixon quoted \"K\" as telling him.Nixon asked \"K\" if he was serious about what he was saying?\"By the time he had made it clear I could access five million pounds for myself and my team if I was able to organise a Twenty20 game to his wishes, my head was swirling. If I had gone higher in my bizarre haggling game, I got the feeling he would have come with me,\" said Nixon.The former England cricketer said that the first thought that came to his mind was to make a hasty exit, but then, better sense prevailed, as he wanted to know more - such as who, exactly, was K? What were his connections? Etc.Nixon said that K went on to observe that Leicestershire's poor form on TV was key to his scheme.Television cameras at Grace Road had become increasingly unwelcome, once our early Twenty20 successes had passed. In 2010, the club was not a happy place and the results followed accordingly, especially, it seemed, when Sky showed up. So the theory that Leicestershire losing an apparently random game on TV wouldn't arouse any suspicion was pretty sound. Any tracks could be covered by our mediocrity.He revealed how \"K\" told him: 'This property arrangement in Bahamas ,' said K. 'What a great way of hiding your money.' 'How do you mean, hiding?' 'Well, every player who has been involved in this type of thing has a nice place in India, or Dubai. The Indian property market is driven by cash. There is always a way of hiding money over there.'\"K\" had one more request, says Nixon - \"To do what he wanted me to do, I would need the team on board. The openers would have to 'lose' the first six overs, and the bowlers would have to send down an allotted amount of rubbish in order to squander the game. It would have to be a group effort.\"Nixon said that he was so shocked by the interaction, that he was not able to commit, but after exiting from the hotel, he knew \"with 100 per cent certainty\" that \"I wasn't going to accept the offer, but kept bouncing the possibilities around in my head during the drive home.\"He told his wife Jen about it before his benefit dinner, and she said: 'You can't get involved in that.'He thereafter phoned Tim Boon (Leicestershire coach), the PCA, the ICC Anti-Corruption and Security Unit, (Leicestershire captain) Matthew Hoggard and (former England captain) Michael Vaughan , who said: 'Nico, I hate this stuff with a passion. We have got to stop this crap coming into English cricket. It absolutely sickens me.'Nixon that he met anti-corruption officer who flew from Dubai and explained to him detail about his conversation with \"K\".'We'll be in touch if we need more,' he said.He met \"K\" next on May 26 where a mention of the IPL was made.Nixon said that \"K\" told him that the IPL was a competition that \"wasn't as sweet and innocent as it looked.\"'Look,' he said, 'we would love you to come on board with this. I have some money with me, in the boot, just as a thank-you stage...' He reached to open his door. 'No,' I stopped him. 'You don't have to do that. Look, it's early days, yeah? Let's just wait and see how it goes.'Nixon said: \"The truth is I was feeling vulnerable. I still had no idea about who I was dealing with. I did my best to stall K, to keep him at arm's length, and we ended much as we had in the Marriott.'Look, let me talk to the lads. I'll come back to you,' I said.The mood was never less than friendly, but I was relieved to get out of his car and head home.The next call was from me to K. 'Look, K, I've talked to the lads. We're not interested. We can't get involved.'K said calmly: 'If you know anyone who might be interested, you have my number.'And that was that. I've never heard another peep from K and nothing more from the Anti- Corruption Unit. I went off to Chester-le-Street as though nothing had ever happened.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14539259", "title": "Textile workers\u2019 agitation ends", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The more than three-week-old textile workers' strike concluded as the impasse between striking laborers and mills ended. With textile companies accepting to take back the sacked workers, more than 6,000 striking labourers resumed work on Saturday.On June 4, a group of 300 workers from denim maker Arvind's Naroda plant went on strike demanding a 40 per cent wage hike. In a chain effect, another 4,000 workers from Ankur, Ashima and Asarawa textiles went on a strike. Arvind and Ashima termed the strike as illegal and around 400 workers were sacked. Later workers asked for an interim relief of Rs 1,600 per month till the wage hike issue is finalized.\"Workers ended the strike after Arvind mills agreed to take back the sacked workers. However, no decision on the interim relief or wage hike has been taken. We had a meeting with labour commissioner and on Monday will sit for negotiations with Ahmedabad Textile Mills' Association (ATMA) members,\" said Amar Barot, general secretary, Ahmedabad Textile Labour Association (TLA).\"Workers have ended the strike and production has become normal,\" said Arvind CFO Jayesh Shah. In the 26-day-long, strike both Arvind and Ashima suffered heavy production losses.The strike stretched as TLA, which is the representative of textile laborers, was not able to win the support of striking workers. ATMA had asked TLA to first bring a mandate to negotiate from workers and only then a meeting to discuss the demands of laborers can take place. Sources said that a divide between the workers helped TLA to gain ground.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14542693", "title": "Expert confirms Baig's writing on bank slips", "text": "PUNE: A handwriting expert on Saturday told the district and sessions court here that the writing specimen collected of alleged conspirator Mirza Himayat Inayat Baig in the German bakery bomb blast tallies with the handwriting found on the bank slips and register of Alnoor guest house in Mumbai.Handwriting expert Dilip Ahiwale was deposing before additional sessions judge N P Dhote. Senior lawyer A Rehman and his junior Kainat Shaikh representing Baig grilled Ahiwale on 18 instances to prove that the handwriting on the banks slips were not Baig's. Ahiwale was firm that Baig's specimen tallied with the writing on the bank slips.The prosecution's case is that Baig had filled seven withdrawal slips of a friend Rehan Shaikh's bank account. Special public prosecutor Raja Thakare had examined Ahiwale on June 2, but his cross examination was deferred till Saturday as the defence had not received a copy of his report.When the defence pointed out differences pertaining to size of certain letters, some being cursive and some in block letters, the way of writing t, y, e, b and so on, Ahiwale said there was no significant difference.In cases where the difference was apparent, Ahiwale said that these were within the range of natural variation and added that he had mentioned it in his analysis report.Ahiwale admitted in the cross examination that he did not possess a diploma or degree in handwriting analysis, but he told the court that he was trained by the handwriting analysis department of the state criminal investigation department, Pune to give his expert opinion.In Thakare's examination Ahiwale said that according to handwriting expert Albert Osborn's guidebook, there can be dissimilarity in the size of letters and that certain deviations are inevitable considering pen pressure, impulses, movements, presentation and pauses.It may be recalled that two panch witnesses in whose presence the state ATS had collected handwriting specimen of Baig in September, 2010 had identified him before the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14542946", "title": "Kudankulam Nuclear Power Project reactor commissioning very soon", "text": "MADURAI: The first reactor of the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Project (KKNPP) is inching closer towards commissioning. The pre-service inspection of Reactor Pressure Vessel (RPV) of Unit I of KKNPP began on Saturday.N Nagaich, executive director, (Corporate Planning and Communications), NPCIL, said it was an important activity in the commissioning of the unit before fuel loading.In a statement, Nagaich said the RPV is the heart of the reactor, which houses the fuel assemblies. \"This pre- service inspection will provide the reference baseline data for the future,\" he said.The pre-service inspection of RPV and reactor internals is carried out as part of routine during commissioning of these reactors. As the RPV will be inaccessible after the start of operations, subsequent inspections will be carried out remotely. This inspection will take about 10 to 12 days. The report of inspection will be submitted to the Atomic Energy Regulatory Board for review and for clearance for fuel loading.The inspection is carried out by the special high-precision automatic, computer-controlled and remotely operated machine which is designed to work under water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14538580", "title": "Price worry takes CM to market", "text": "KOLKATA: The government which apparently seemed oblivious till now, suddenly woke up to the crisis of inflation on Saturday after the chief minister went on a market survey. Finally, it took chief minister Mamata Banerjee's physical inquiry of the markets to make the government wake up to the crisis of inflation.The chief minister Mamata Banerjee visited Koley and Lansdowne markets to realise that vegetables prices are going through the roof with even green chillies commanding a retail price of Rs 12 a kg. At the end of the visit, she gave a piece of her mind at a public gathering, saying, \"I can't run about inspecting markets. The department concerned should be doing its job.\"The oblique reference to agriculture and marketing minister Aroop Roy showed that the chief minister was back on centre stage to control rise in prices of vegetables and other essential commodities. She has called an emergency meeting at Writers' Buildings on Monday and issued a public warning to hoarders against the created crisis. \"My government won't allow these black marketers to do whatever they like. I shall take stern steps against them if they don't heed to our warning,\" the chief minister said in the afternoon at a rally in the heart of the city.Getting firsthand versions of matters has been Mamata's signature approach to assessing vexatious issues. Last year, after having inspected the markets, the CM after her inspection of markets, she had set up a task force for controlling price rise. The steps helped contain prices to some extent but the monitoring mechanism fell inert with time.Last August, on her 100th day in office, Mamata had visited two major markets in the city to check out vegetable prices which had trebled with the onset of a flood-like situation in some parts of the state. Doing a ditto on Saturday, she revisited the Koley wholesale market and also dropped by at Lansdowne retail market on her way to the state secretariat. To reporters at Writers' Buildings, she said, \"I have called a meeting on July 2 to discuss price rise,\" Mamata told reporters at Writers' Buildings.At a time when most households have restructured their staple menu to cushion themselves from the exorbitant rise in perishable food items, the Mamata Banerjee government seemed to be a sitting duck for the last few weeks. Roy only convened a meeting last week and seemed quite clueless about checking price rise.Finally, on Saturday, the step came from the chief minister. She expressed her concern at a rally at Metro Channel to commemorate the Santhal rebellion. Issuing her warning in public, Mamata said, \"A section of hoarders are creating this artificial crisis of essential commodities. After getting complaints against price rise from common people, I decided to pay surprise visits to these markets.\"She said she had spoken to the dealers to get firsthand knowledge of the crisis. \"I was surprised to find that potato sells at Rs 16 a kg at Koley while farmers are selling it for Rs 8 a kg. Why this gap? I am told that a section of traders are hoarding big time. Potato and seasonal vegetables are being stored for three to four days, thus creating an artificial crisis.\" \"Similarly, the price of rice has gone up from Rs 3 to Rs 5 a kg. It is the poor who are at the receiving end of this inflation,\" added the CM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "rameswaram", "code": "14549221", "title": "Rameswaram fishermen on strike protesting 'price cartlelisation'", "text": "RAMESWARAM: Fishermen here have launched an indefenite strike protesting the fish traders forming a \"cartel\" and quoting very low price for their catch.Rameswaram fishermen's association president Emerit said on Sunday that in no other state the traders quoted such a low price for the fish nor did they form a cartel like in Tamil Nadu.He alleged four fish trading companies formed a cartel and they did not allow others to pariticipate in the auction.For example, prawn was quoted only for Rs 250 a kg or 300 while in Kerala it was quoted double the price. \"We do not have cold storage facility to store the fish, and froced into a distress sale.\"He wanted the government to intervene and break the cartel and provide cold storage facility.Officials of Nila Sea Food, one of the four companies facing the charge of price cartelisation, when contacted denied the allegation saying \"We are paying fair price.\"However, they refused to compare with the prices prevailing in Kerala and Karnataka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14554461", "title": "Ajith Converts Caravan into Mobile Gym", "text": "One of the most handsome faces in cinema and a personality that sets the screen on fire, Thala Ajith is ruling the hearts of thousands for the past 20 years.Considering the stunts the actor usually does in his films whether it is car spinning, wheeling, hanging from the under carriage of a moving vehicle or from a helicopter at a height of 10,000 feet, people find it hard to believe that he has undergone over 16 surgeries. There is no denying the fact that these surgeries have taken a toll on his health beginning with the steroids that he has had to take because of them.Even his harshest critics find it difficult to point a finger at him and the only thing they have had to offer in the form of a criticism is his lack of washboard abs. However someone (Thala) who believes that actions speak louder than words is getting ready with a suitable response. Based on reliable sources including a recent tweet from Vishnuvardhan, (the director of Thala Ajith's new project), we hear that the star has been sweating it out in the gym for over five hours in the last few days and the effects have to be seen to be believed.We remember Ajith in an interview saying that its pains like hell when he does particular exercises, due to the surgeries and so he was restricted. Despite the pain, he has started working out in the gym.It's common knowledge that news about Thala losing weight usually makes the rounds every time he starts a new project. However this time we've heard it from the horse's mouth. So it's time to buckle up and get ready to see yet another avatar of a star who never fails to surprise his audience.The latest we hear from sources close to Thala is that he is converting his personal caravan into a mobile gym.Source: http://www.haihoi.com/", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "erode", "code": "14540753", "title": "Beach kabbadi winner from Erode gets rousing welcome", "text": "ERODE: A rousing welcome was accorded to Marshal Mary, an M Com student with PKR College of Arts and Science at Gobichettipalayam, on Saturday morning when she arrived here after winning the gold in women's beach kabbadi at the third Asian Beach Games, held in Haiyang in China.Mary and her team mates won the gold defeating Thailand 54-25 in the final on June 17. According to her, India put up a good show and dominated the match. The Indian team consisted of Mamata, Priyanka, Priyanka Negi, Kavita Devi and Randeep Kaur besides Marshal Mary.A large number of students, sports enthusiasts and citizens had gathered at Erode railway station to receive Mary. She was taken to her college in a procession with people gathering along the road to greet her.The district collector and the mayor were conspicuous by their absence as they had to attend to some state ministers who were visiting the region.Mary told TOI that her victory was significant since had trained in land-locked Erode. \"Others in my team had practiced on real beaches. But I was able to contribute my bit to win the event,'' she said. She credited her coach N Anpu, a staff of the PKR College, for her success. \"He had convinced the management about the need to build a beach kabbadi team. We have a dozen players and Anpu trained us on two truck loads of sand purchased by the management at market rate,'' she said.Mary and her friends used to train for two hours daily in the morning and evening.Mary, a native of Sankarapuram near Villupuram, had represented India recently at an international tournament in Colombo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14527947", "title": "Kareena skips Esha Deol's wedding", "text": "Esha's one-time best friend Kareena Kapoor is not attending a single event of her wedding; Kareena says she's out of townFriendships and rivalries in B-Town are as fickle as anything else. Besties at one time, Esha Deol and Kareena Kapoor, have drifted apart and are no longer friends. So much so that today Kareena is not attending even a single wedding event of Esha's.Says a source, \"Esha and Kareena parted on hostile terms a few years ago. The two actresses had become very close while shooting for Yuva and were inseparable. In fact the two girls would run up huge mobile phone bills chatting away with each other well past midnight. Not only would they look out for each other but had even gone to the extent of covering up each other in boyfriend matters. But apparently Kareena said something about Esha that hurt her badly.\"To make matters worse apparently a fight too had erupted between Kareena and Esha at a night club a couple of years. The source adds, \"Though the reasons of the fight remain unknown, since then the two haven't been on talking terms. But this time when her wedding was being finalised Esha decided to extend an olive branch to Kareena, though she's still not forgotten what happened. Esha invited Kareena and her family through a mutual friend and Esha's secretary personally delivered the invite. Of course, the rift has still not healed as Esha didn't call Kareena personally.\"Kareena doesn't deny that Esha and she were friends and one point and adds, \"I'm on an outdoor in Thailand shooting for Heroine and will only be back on July 5 so I am unable to attend Esha's wedding events.\"During Yuva she and Esha had become close friends. \"Yes but I'm travelling now. I do wish Esha a happy married life always. Esha invited me and my family for the wedding. She told my friend Reenaa and her secretary sent the invite but Saif and me were away. I haven't been home in a month as I have been traveling all over London, Turkey and now Thailand.\"When quizzed about whether her sister Karisma will attend Esha's reception, Kareena says, \"I have no clue. I haven't asked. Lolo is in London and Los Angeles , holidaying with her kids for the summer.\"Esha remained unavailable for comment.Strangely even Esha's male co-stars and close friends, Ajay Devgn and Zayed Khan (who are in town) were also absent from all the events including the marriage and sangeet . Ajay left for Dubai yesterday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14538055", "title": "Onion markets headed towards artificial scarcity", "text": "The delayed monsoon, which has prompted civic bodies to impose water cuts, is also likely to adversely impact the prospects of the forthcoming onion harvest during the Kharif season, making the vegetable dearer. Traders who are buying the commodity ever since the Rabi season began in April this year, would hoard it for better prices and control supply to wholesale markets in the coming months, to keep the price graph moving upwards.A sign of the times is the upward trend in the price of onions in the major wholesale markets of Nashik like Lasalgaon. The price has escalated by over 30% in the past few weeks, from an average of Rs 400 per quintal to Rs 540 per quintal. With the rains delayed, the next Kharif crop that is rain-fed and due for harvesting in October-November, would be delayed and if the rains are erratic, the yield would be lower than average.Since the Rabi crop that is harvested in summer, has a shelf-life of over six months (from April-May to October-November till the Kharif crop arrives), it is hoarded and its supply to the wholesale markets is doctored to ensure that the prices do not dip and continue to be stable or rise gradually.In the next few months, an artificial scarcity of onions is likely to take place, to push up prices further in anticipation of the delayed harvest of the Kharif onion crop. The beneficiaries would mainly be traders hoarding the commodity, apart from major farmers who have facilities for storing summer onions. Since onion is not included in the list of commodities governed by the Essential Commodities Act, there is no cap on the quantity that can be stored. The government, which has woken up to such situations very late in the past by banning export to control domestic prices and availability of the commodity, is likely to wake up late this year too. Maharashtra tops in onion production among all states and like major onion producing states cultivates the commodity thrice a year. The Rabi onions are harvested in summer and can be stored for over six months.The Kharif crop is highly perishable and cannot be stored like the Rabi variety. Hence, whenever the Kharif crop fails, it creates a crisis as it is the time when the summer stocks deplete and scarcity leads to skyrocketing of prices.Shiv Sena plays second fiddleThe Shiv Sena always tries to play the big brother to the MNS, but in Nashik, Sena leaders have been playing second fiddle to the MNS.After being voted out of power in the civic polls, the Sena received a jolt as the BJP joined hands with the MNS to keep the Sena out of power while the MNS reversed some decisions taken by the previous Sena-BJP alliance. This included the decision taken two years ago to privatize octroi collection. Consequently, the civic body started collecting octroi within a month. However, with the state government deciding to introduce Local Body Tax (LBT) in place of octroi, the Sena and MNS were up in arms to stop it. Both parties prepared to file petitions challenging it in the Bombay High Court.The Sena, was the first to announce that the government's move would be challenged. However, the MNS made a swift move and filed a petition on which the High Court granted an interim stay on the introduction of LBT from July 1.Sena leaders, who were in Mumbai to file the petition continued to dillydally on the issue, on the pretext of preparing the necessary documents for filing the petition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14538437", "title": "The New Golden Age", "text": "A fortnight ago, a theft was reported in Barasat. What was intriguing is that the thief had a passion for literature. So while the television set and the mobile charger were left untouched, this crook - for the love of the written word - fled with special issues on Nirandranath Chakraborty by Korok little magazine and Satinath Bhaduri issue by Dibaratrir Kabya, among others, from the Kangal Harinath Little Magazine Library collection.Relegating this piece of information as mere trivia would risk a myopic understanding of the thriving literary culture of Bengal - most of which shuns patronage from established publishing houses and vernacular news houses. The little magazine movement, which began in the '50s in Bengal, is going strong and getting ever more interesting. While some of them have stuck to literary works, others have concentrated on special issues dealing with subjects that mainstream publishers wouldn't touch with a bargepole for fear of censorship or market economics.WHAT'S SO SPECIAL?Take the last issue of the Afif Fuad-edited Dibaratrir Kabya that focused on Turkish Nobel laureate Orhan Pamuk . It took four years of research to bring out the issue. \"We have discussed his work in detail. There were pieces that had introductions followed by part translations of some chapters of his acclaimed works, including 'My Name is Red' and The 'Museum of Innocence'. We tried but couldn't get in touch with Pamuk. Our next literary issue will have an unpublished interview of Subhash Mukhopadhyay and articles on Tagore exponent Sailaja Ranjan Majumdar,\" says Fuad, mentioning that his magazine was the first recipient of Paschimbanga Bangla Akademi's first Little Magazine Award. An issue on Saadat Hasan Manto is planned for October.Ebang Mushayera recently came out with a special edition on Charles Dickens and an issue on American Nobel prize William Faulkner is in the works.Samir Roy Chowdhury, editor, Haoya 49, says: \"Today, a lot of good literature is thriving beyond the confines of institutionalized thinking. Haoya 49 began in 1992 and our constant endeavour has been to explore new areas and domains. We have done issues on post-colonialism, post-modernism, eco-feminism and hybridity in Bengali literature. Our contributors include Moloy Roy Chowdhury, Aradinda Pradhan, Nilanjan Chattopadhyay, Mihir Chakraborty, Kalim Khan, Murshid AM and Prabal Dasgupta and we have brought out two issues on Indianism. We have also devoted some editions to Hispanic post-modern thinkers.\"Poet Hemanta Bandyopadhyay, editor, Anubartan, says, \"We were the first to publish the diaries of Jibananda Das. We have been publishing the memoirs of 1922-born Tagore scholar Semanta Narayan Chattopadhyay on his days in Santiniketan. Because of my proximity with Binoy Majumdar, we have time and again published many of cult works.\"Says author Mridul Dasgupta, \"By writing in little magazines, we have been able to break free from the commercial monopoly of established houses and vernacular dailies. We don't believe that literature is supposed to entertain. This is a part of life that mirrors the relationship between the creator and the reader. A large chunk of quality literature in Bengal now comes from small publishing houses and magazines.\" Among the most interesting works that he has come across, Dasgupta cites the special issues on Binoy Majumdar by Nouko and Lok (from Dhaka). \"Aarohon came up with a special on Devdas Acharya. Kabitirtha and Dibaratrir Kabya have done some good work on Milan Kundera and Gabriel Garcias Marquez. Gunen Sil's Kabi Sammelan issues on translated works of contemporary world literature deserve special mention too. Ebong, which has been in circulation since 1970, gives a good platform to promising poets. While Chandernagore's Godhuli Mon had published some archival works, Uttarpara based Bodh Shabda is also doing good work,\" Dasgupta says.Manab Chakrabarti, editor, Jalarka, says many courageous authors have come up with great pieces in little magazine. \"However, this is not to say that everything that is coming from established publishing houses is trash. Jalarka started in 1972 and over the years, we came up with so many special issues, including recent ones on Buddhadeb Basu, Binoy Ghosh and Rajshekhar Basu. The Buddhadeb Basu issue had Abhijit Mukherjee writing on the author's travel to Japan while Dipendu Chakraborty did a piece titled \"Paroshuamer Purushtantra: Ekti Naribadi Songlap\" on how Rajshekhar Basu explored women's issues in his short story. Damayanti Basu Singh, Buddhadeb Basu's daughter, wrote on her father's relationship with Rajshekhar Basu. We have also come up with features on centenary years of Arun Mitra, Ashapurna Devi and Bishnu De. There are other magazines that are doing good work too. Among them, I'd want to mention Bibhab that's now edited by Rahul Sen. I personally loved Bibhab's issue on Nidhubabur toppa,\" Chakrabarti says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14540542", "title": "Bollywood actors will be levied service tax, hospitals exempted", "text": "NEW DELHI: All Bollywood actors and those performing in television serials will be charged 12% service tax from July 1, 2012 on their earnings from acting assignments and endorsements.This will be in addition to their income tax obligations.The government has from July 1 embraced new taxation of services by introducing a negative list. Any service out of this list or out of the exempted list of services (which may be changed from time to time) will be charged service tax. But if an individual or a firm has an annual income of less than Rs 10 lakh, the service provider can avail exemption and shall not be obliged to pay any tax.Indian Premier League cricketers and event managers were already brought under this tax regime as the government had clarified earlier that only recognized format of sports activities are exempted from this levy.The government has kept 38 services in the negative list, including transport of goods or passengers, metered taxis, auto rickshaws, electricity transmission or distribution by discoms, betting, gambling, entry to amusement parks and burial services.The educational guidelines released by the finance minister last month clarifies that all private constructions activities are to be levied service tax, including construction of private hospitals and educational institutions. Only government hospitals and educational institutions and government buildings meant for official purposes are exempted from this levy.Performing artists in folk or classical art forms of music, dance, or theatre have, however, been kept out of this levy and will not be subjected to service tax. \"All other activities by an artist in other art forms such as western music or dance, modern theatres, performance of actors in films or television serials would be taxable,\" the government paper said. Similarly, activities of artists in still art forms e.g. painting, sculpture making etc. are taxable. Services provided by an artist as brand ambassador is also taxable.Those in the exempted list also include ones having copyright relating to original work of composing song. Similarly, an author having copy right of a book written by him would not be required to pay service tax on royalty amount received from the publisher for publishing the book. A person having the copyright of a cinematographic film would also not be required to pay the levy on the amount received from the film exhibitors for exhibiting the cinematographic film in theatres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14538435", "title": "Solve problems of industrial units", "text": "KANPUR: Divisional commissioner Shalini Prasad had asked the officials to solve the problems of industrial units during a meeting of Udyog Bandhu on Saturday.Prasad asked officials to review the industrial policy-2004 and prepare a new industrial policy for the speedy development of industries. Addressing entrepreneurs, she said that their problems would be solved.The commissioner directed the UPSIDC officials to sent a detailed proposal with recommendations regarding land allotment for plastic cluster. The officials apprised the commissioner that proceedings to open an ESI hospital at industrial site in Panki was going on and a letter in this regard had been sent to the director general, ESI on June 13.Entrepreneurs complained about duel tax system and said that UPSIDC and nagar nigam were realizing taxes for the same work. The commissioner sought a report in this regard and asked the chief engineer of nagar nigam to present a report.The commissioner asked the nagar nigam officials to remove the encroachment on priority basis at Panki No 5 industrial site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14537269", "title": "Government gives in to builders\u2019 demands", "text": "HYDERABAD: Succumbing to pressure from builders and realtors' lobby, the state government has amended the order (GO No. 45) and gave them relief from reserving 20% of developed land or housing units to economically weaker sections (EWS) and low income groups (LIG).The municipal administration and urban development (MA&UD;) department on Saturday issued GO Ms No 245 exempting housing projects in five acres from reserving 20% of the developed land for EWS and LIG. However, the developer or builders taking up projects in land measuring between 3,000 square (sq) metres and up to five acres have to pay 'shelter fee' to the respective municipal bodies.The GO No 45 which made it mandatory to reserve 20% of housing projects for EWS and LIG in layouts above 4,000 sq metres as per norms stipulated under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Renewal Mission (JNNURM) drew flak from builders and developers who have stalled major projects for the past one-and-half years. To resolve the issue, the MA&UD; department appointed a committee with officials drawn from Director of Town and Country Planning (DTCP), GHMC and HMDA, which submitted its report a few months ago.As per the latest amendment, if the area of a project is above five acres, builder or developer should provide 10% of the total built-up area to EWS and LIG (5% each) or 25% of the total number of housing units to the two sections (12.5 % each). However, they have the option of reserving units. The developers would get 10% concession in city-level infrastructure impact fee for the main project and total exemption for the part being reserved for EWS and LIG.The state government has not only reduced the EWS and LIG reservation but has given realtors the option of taking up housing projects for the two groups within a radius of 10 kms from the main project site or within five kms from the nearest aerial boundary of municipal limits in cities like Hyderabad, Visakhapatnam and Vijayawada. The GO said two or more builders/developer could provide a specified number of EWS and LIG units with all civic amenities, but occupancy certificate for the main projects would be released only after completion of EWS or LIG units. Separate undertaking would have to be obtained from builders concerned by the local body. Projects taken up in an area measuring below 3,000 sq metres are exempted from both EWS and LIG reservation and also from payment of 'shelter fee'.The shelter fee is Rs 750 per sq metre in the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) limits, Rs 600 in other municipal corporations, Rs 500 in selection and special grade municipalities and Rs 400 in other municipalities and panchayats falling under urban authorities. The shelter fee collected from the developers would be utilized for development of housing for EWS and LIG under JNNURM or any other housing schemes meant for those sections.The GO No 45 which made it mandatory to reserve 20% of housing projects for EWS and LIG in layouts above 4,000 sq metres as per norms stipulated under the JNNURM drew flak from builders and developers who have stalled major projects for the past one-and-half years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14535248", "title": "Serena Williams survives scare from Zheng Jie", "text": "LONDON: Serena Williams had Hollywood superstar Dustin Hoffman in her Centre Court box. As the Kramer vs. Kramer hero cheered, the 30-year-old four-time Wimbledon champion, the undisputed drama queen of the women's tour, thumped down a tournament record of 23 aces in a 2 hour 28 minute roller-coaster against China's Jie Zheng that had a fair measure of tennis and theatre thrown in. Serena skipped and twirled, pumped her fists and yelled as she powered to a 6-7 (5-7), 6-2, 9-7 win on Saturday.In the fourth round on Monday, the American will play Yaroslava Shvedova of Khazakhstan who shocked the French Open finalist and 10th-seed Italian Sara Errani 6-0, 6-4 in 57 minutes. Shvedova, the world No. 65, won 24 straight points to clinch the first set, making it only the third 'golden set' - not losing a single point throughout the set - in the history of the game. She hit 14 winners and took just 15 minutes to clinch the set.Serena carried the drama off court too. On playing Shvedova the former No. 1 said, \"Hopefully I'll be able to win a point in the set. That'll be my first goal.\" Serena added that she hadn't heard of a golden set until after her match on Saturday. \"Sasha (Serena's hitting partner) was like, she got a golden set. I immediately thought all four in a row and the Olympics. Then I thought that wasn't possible. That was the only golden thing I knew,\" she said.Serena's serving was near perfect in her third round match. She wasn't broken at all. The 30-year-old recovered from 0-40 down to hold serve in the fourth game of the third set and then made the decisive break in the 15th game before converting her third match point. \"I had to dig deep,\" Serena said later, \"She was playing really well.\"Zheng was relentless from the back of the court and ran the big American ragged, swinging her like a yoyo from corner to corner.While Serena's ground game gained in solidity in the third set, what won her the day was her ability to stick with the fight, unlike at the French Open this year where she went out in the first round to the unheralded Frenchwoman Virginie Razzano , ranked 111.In the men's competition, the big-serving 27th seeded German Philipp Kohlschreiber ended Czech outsider Lukas Rosol's Cinderella run, when he put out the 26-year-old who had upset Rafael Nadal in the second round. On Saturday, Kohlschreiber restored some semblance of order to the draw dismissing Rosol 6-2, 6-3, 7-6 (8-6). In the top quarter of the bottom half of the draw Argentine hitman Juan Martin Del Porto outgunned Japan's Kei Nishikori 6-3, 7-6 (7-3), 6-1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "ferozepur", "code": "14541354", "title": "Many pitchers with ashes of prisoners in Pak jails, says Surjeet", "text": "FEROZEPUR: If the pitchers containing mortal remains of Indian prisoners, who died languishing in Pakistani jails, are any indication, then many families on this side of the border will not have a happy reunion with their loved ones, like the Indian spy Surjeet Singh had.Surjeet Singh, who was released from Kot Lakhpat jail in Lahore, Pakistan, after spending 32 years on charges of spying, said that he had seen more than 15 such pitchers, containing ashes of Indian prisoners, who died in Pakistan jails, while serving their sentences.\"There are names mentioned on each pitchers, containing `asthi' and ashes, collected after cremation. I had inquired about these from jail authorities and was told that Indian embassy had been informed about each and every death, but none had come forward to claim these,\" Surjeet Singh told TOI on Saturday. Some of these pitchers are as old as a decade, he said.Though Surjeet Singh sang praises about the good treatment meted out to him in the Pakistani jail, yet he recounts tales of horror faced by other Indian prisoners lodged there. \"Years of isolation, depression, insecurity and hopelessness are driving the Indian prisoners to madness. At least 10-12 Indian prisoners have lost their mental balance in Kot Lakhpat jail itself and are taken to Lahore hospital for treatment every now and then,\" he said.Interestingly, Surjeet himself was elevated to the position of a \"lumbardar\", a monitor, for other Indian prisoners, owing to his good behaviour and was popularly known as \"bapuji.\" Claiming proximity to jail authorities, Surjeet said he had developed an excellent network in the jail and in Pakistan, which he hoped would assist him to help about 20 companions, who are still lodged there.The elderly man has become a beacon of hope for scores of other families whose loved ones have either gone missing or are in Pakistani jails for years. Paramjit Kaur from Jhida village travelled to meet Surjeet Singh to enquire about her father, who had gone missing in 1984. Another woman from Mudki village, Balwinder Kaur, pleaded with Surjeet Singh to find out about her husband, Gurbachan Singh, who, she believed, was locked in Pakistani jail for suspected spying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14540436", "title": "Jaipur police to arrest archer of international repute", "text": "JAIPUR: Having failed to reconcile the differences with an international archer, working as a flight lieutenant with the IAF, and his wife, the Jaipur police will now arrest the archer in a dowry harassment case.\"A team of Jaipur police from the Mahila police station (West) has got permission for the arrest of Ghanshyam Singh, an archer and a flight lieutenant in the IAF, and four of his family members. The team will visit Shillong and his native village to arrest him,\" a senior police officer said on Saturday.The wife in her FIR lodged at Mahila police station (West) has alleged that her in-laws have demanded a dowry of Rs 50 lakh and a 500 sq yard plot after she gave birth to a girl child.After the woman filed the FIR, her husband and the in-laws have fled from their Khatipura house and left the woman along with her four-year old daughter.Police said Prateeksha Singh had lodged a complaint May, 27 in which she stated that after she birth to a girl child, her in-laws demanded a dowry of Rs 50 lakh and a plot of 500 sq yard for their granddaughter. Initially, the woman kept quiet and attempted to save her family but when she along with her parents were harassed, she decided to lodge the case.When asked why the police took almost a month to decide on arresting the archer and his family, sub-inspector Neelam, who was investigating the case, said, \"In dowry harassment case, we first try to ensure that things improve between the couple. The husband, Ghanshyam, merely came once for the counseling. The investigation suggested that the complaint made by the victim is authentic.\"Quoting the woman's FIR, the officer, said, \"She was even thrown away from the in-laws house many times. But things worsened on May 26 when her parents took her to the in-laws house and sat down for a compromise. The family bluntly denied to take her back till their demands are met,\" Neelam said.Police said they have taken the permission from the authorities concerned to arrest Ghanshyam Singh, his father Dhan Singh, his mother Sardar Kanwar, brother Kishan Singh and sister Shashi Singh.\"My sister is forced to stay alone in her in-laws house. After we lodged an FIR, the whole family fled,\" Prateeksha's brother Yuvraj said.Despite several attempts, Singh who is currently posted in Shillong could not be contacted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14537050", "title": "Laugh club is 'like morning alarm'", "text": "MUMBAI: Early one morning, in the twilight that exists between sleep and wakefulness, 28-year-old Sriram Narayanan was gripped by a surreal feeling of fear. He heard noises that seemed to be coming from his brain. It sounded like a collective, fanatical \"I-will-take-over-the-world\" laughter and it came in bursts.The culprits, though, weren't so much in his head as the garden outside his in-laws' apartment in Siddhachal, Thane, where the local laughter club assembles each day.A groggy Narayanan buried his head under his pillow through the half hour that the session lasted.Across the city every day, entire neighbourhoods rise to the sound of the \"morning alarm\" that is the laughter club. An offshoot of modern \"yogic\" practices, a laughter club may generate noise levels ranging between 65-80 decibels (dB), far beyond the permissible 45-55 dB allowed in residential zones. From Lokhandwala Complex to Carter Road, Borivli to Cuffe Parade, residents are rudely awakened by the loud chorus of 20-30 people laughing heartily for around 30 minutes each morning.On Thursday, in response to a petition by a 78-year-old resident of Kurla, the Bombay High Court recommended that the local laughter club shift to a garden or maidan. However, housing colonies located near open spaces are also troubled by such groups.In fact, medical doctor Madan Kataria started the concept of laughter yoga from the garden in Lokhandwala Complex in Andheri in 1995. Since then, residents of surrounding societies like Regency and Accord are shaken out of their slumber by the \"morning alarm\", as they call it.\"First floor residents bear the brunt of the cacophony but all those whose flats face the garden listen to different types of raucous laughter every day. We rise and close the windows to mute the volume and bide our time until the ruckus subsides,\" says a 58-year-old member of Regency.Over the years, Rashid Musa Memon of Accord Society has asked the garden committee to intervene but they \"pay no heed\". \"The health of hundreds of people is jeopardized by a few reckless people who engage in laughter exercises to improve their own health,\" says the elderly gentleman. Ironically, it is senior citizens who constitute the majority of laughter clubs across the city.Of course participants swear by laughter therapy saying it helps them start the day on a cheerful note. \"Ordinarily one laughs in reaction to happiness, here the act of laughing induces happiness,\" says Indu Mehta of Borivli. Laughter yoga is practised in over 60 countries and used as a stress-busting technique in hospitals and old age homes.However, founder Madan Kataria says no member should disturb the peace of the neighbourhood. \"I fully respect the sentiments of the high court. In fact I always recommend that laughter clubs sort matters out with the local community, even shift to an alternate location if need be,\" he says.Over at the Gateway of India, 75-year-old practitioner Girdhar Peshawaria says his club does not function in a residential locality. \"We conduct our laughter exercises right below the Taj Mahal Hotel. In fact guests who look out their windows wondering what the noise is about often join us the next morning.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14550893", "title": "Al-Qaida plotting to bomb US airliner during Olympics: Report", "text": "LONDON: Al-Qaida is plotting to blow up an American airliner in the run-up to this month's London Olympics and has trained a Norwegian Muslim convert in an attempt to evade airport security, a media report said on Sunday.Al-Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) has trained the Norwegian convert and is understood to have also selected a target, believed to be a US passenger jet, The Sunday Times quoted intelligence sources as saying.\"The Norwegian recruit goes under the name of Muslim Abu Abdurrahman. He is understood to be in his thirties and a 'clean skin', with no previous criminal record,\" it said.\"He converted in 2008 and quickly became radicalised. He later travelled to Yemen, where he has spent several months, to complete his training,\" the paper said.The plot confirms fears among US and British intelligence agencies that al-Qaida is seeking to recruit radicalised westerners in an attempt to evade airport security, it said.The Norwegian was believed to have been in the southeastern town of Azzan, the longtime home of AQAP, until last month. He then moved to Dammaj, a town in the north.The new plot is the terror group's fourth to be detected since 2009, when AQAP sent a Nigerian-born British student on a plane with an underpants bomb. The bomb failed to detonate over Detroit and the man was arrested and jailed.In 2010, it sent two bombs hidden in printer cartridges on cargo planes destined for Chicago. They were intercepted and defused in Dubai and Britain, the paper said.Two months ago, a third plot was averted when a British undercover agent, who had infiltrated AQAP, volunteered to be a suicide bomber. He smuggled out the latest version of the sophisticated underpants bomb to US authorities.\"There is terrorist plotting going on irrespective of the Olympics (from July 27 to August 12). The only thing that connects this to the Olympics is the fact that they are about to happen,\" said a Whitehall official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14536612", "title": "Water sports to be regulated", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa Tourism Development Corporation (GTDC) has started the process of regulating water sports activities in the state by floating a tender for 'empanelment of water sports operators' in the state.Speaking to STOI, GTDC general manager Sanjay Chodankar said that the aim of floating the tender is to get the authorized water sports operators to provide better services to tourists interested in water sports activities.\"GTDC has received eight applications from water sports operators till Friday to run various water sports activities in the coastal as well as hinterland areas of the state,\" said Chodankar. The last day of submitting the application is Monday.Depending on the response for the tenders from the operators, GTDC will send a proposal to the state government seeking a policy decision on whether to allow only operators registered with GTDC to run their business or to allow all authorized water sports operators, including those registered with GTDC. GTDC also wants to have uniform rates for water sports activities in the state.\"This exercise will help the department to identify how many water sports operators have proper permissions from the Goa State Pollution Control Board, National Institute of Oceanography, Captain of Ports and other safety licenses from various departments,\" said sources in GTDC.As per the criteria laid down by GTDC to submit the application, a operator should have a registered office in Goa and should have been in business for a minimum period of three years. The operator should be registered with the department of tourism under the Tourist Trade Act. \"If the applicant is not registered with the registering authority, then he will have to register within four months failing which his empanelment will be cancelled,\" said the tender guidelines.GTDC has also said that the water sports operator applying for the empanelment should offer various water sports activities like parasailing, banana ride, bump ride, jet skiing etc which are safe and do not endanger the lives of tourists.\"GTDC will be entitled to 20% commission on every water sports package/activity sold to its guests or tourists through kiosk sale/website/ counter sale etc. The commission charged by GTDC shall be within the MRP price charged by water sports operators. There should not be overcharging or cheating of tourists by the operators,\" says a condition in the tender.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14548465", "title": "Tom, Kat's divorce 'won't be recognized by church of Scientology", "text": "Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes' divorce will not be recognized by their religion Scientology, according to the church's doctrines.Scientology offers little advice to those for whom divorce has become the only option, preferring to focus on providing couple's therapy to fix relationships.The 33-year-old actress filed for divorce from the Hollywood hunk on Thursday after it was reported that she had been unhappy in the marriage for years.There is a belief in the church of Scientology that marital problems come from 'withholds' or 'overts' - undiscussed issues or problems.According to the official website, marriage is considered essential to family life along with the belief that the religion will strengthen bonds between partners.Scientologists also claim that people who follow the religion are more likely to stay married.If a couple runs into a problem, they can take courses on how to improve their marriage or speak to counsellors.\"There's no real annulment in the church. Many members have been divorced, even founder L. Ron Hubbard was married three times,\" the Daily Mail quoted Stephen Kent, a religion professor at the University of Alberta, as telling ABC News.Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes were married in November 2006 in a fairy-tale, A-list wedding at a 15th century Italian castle before a church of Scientology minister.When the romance began, Holmes had met the 49-year-old actor to discuss the possibility of appearing in 'Mission Impossible III', she was immediately sent on an intensive and lengthy study course about Scientology.The religion was founded by sci-fi author L Ron Hubbard in 1954, which holds that humans are descended from an exiled race of aliens called Thetans.Although Holmes was raised a Catholic, she embraced the religion of her new husband at the start of their relationship. However she is alleged to have come to dislike and distrust the movement.The church of Scientology bans members from having contact with doubters of the faith or unbelievers called PTS - potential trouble source.A difference of religious viewpoints can lead some Scientology members to divorce.The estranged couple have been raising Suri in accordance with the doctrine of the Church of Scientology - treating her as an adult, free to make her own decisions.Cruise, who is the main breadwinner of the couple's 275-million-dollar fortune, has been married twice before.He was married to actress turned professional poker player Mimi Rogers - who is believed to have introduced him to Scientology - followed by Nicole Kidman .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "14537397", "title": "4 docs held for selling abortion pills illegally", "text": "THANE: Four medical practitioners from Thane were arrested for illegally stocking and selling pregnancy-termination pills. Of the arrested accused, one is an MBBS while the other three are homoeopaths. The four have been remanded in police custody till Sunday following a complaint by Food and Drug Administration (FDA) inspector Prerna Bhandwal.Under the law, only gynaecologists can prescribe and dispense medical termination of pregnancy (MTP) kits. \"These four doctors had stocked MTP kits of a prominent pharmaceutical firm and would sell it to their patients. A search of their premises led to the seizure of MTP kits,\" a police officer said.The four doctors are Prakash Chodnekar, a general practitioner who holds an MBBS degree, and homoeopaths Maheshkumar Lalansingh, Subhash Dube and Sunil Prajapati.The FDA officials are conducting an inspection of all chemist shops to check the sale of pills prescribed for abortion. Officials had received information that a pharmaceutical firm had offloaded a huge stock of its MTP kits to some select doctors in Thane. A probe led to the dispensaries of the four arrested doctors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14559884", "title": "Olympics: UK plans missile deployment amidst al-Qaida threat", "text": "LONDON: Britain is planning to deploy surface-to-air missiles on six sites in London, amidst reports that al-Qaida is plotting to blow up an American airliner and has trained a Norwegian Muslim convert in an attempt to evade airport security before the Olympics.Residents in London areas where the Rapier missiles are proposed to be deployed yesterday staged a protest and signed a petition opposing the move.The six sites where the missiles are proposed to be deployed include the Lexington Building in Tower Hamlets, Fred Wigg Tower in Waltham Forest, east London, Blackheath Common; Oxleas Wood, Eltham; William Girling Reservoir, Enfield and Barn Hill in Epping Forest.On the deployment of missiles, the ministry of defence said the safety of the July 27-August 12 Olympic Games was paramount and a \"broad range of community engagement\" had taken place.During a major Olympics-focussed security exercise in April, Commander General Sir Nick Parker explained there must be a plan which could deal with \"the unlikely but very serious threat\" that might exist to the Olympic Park.He said: \"It's an air threat, really categorised in two ways, the sort of 9/11 threat everyone knows about, and also for the lower, slower type of target which might pop up closer to the Olympic Park, which we would need to intervene.\"Quoting intelligence sources, The Sunday Times reported that al-Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) had trained a Norwegian convert and is understood to have also selected a target, believed to be a US passenger jet.The paper said that the plot confirmed fears among US and British intelligence agencies that al-Qaida was seeking to recruit radicalised westerners in an attempt to evade airport security.The report quoted an unnamed Whitehall official as saying: \"There is terrorist plotting going on irrespective of the Olympics. The only thing that connects this to the Olympics is the fact that they are about to happen.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14542614", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation awaits state govt's approval for hawkers' policy", "text": "PUNE: The civic administration has said that the growth of hawkers in the city continues unabated because the state government is sitting on its hawkers' policy plan since 2007.In a written answer tabled before the General Body (GB) on Saturday, the PMC administration said they have been waiting for the state's nod since 2007. Once approved, hawkers can be rehabilitated on a permanent basis and stringent action can be taken to stop further encroachment, said the PMC in its reply.The number of licenced hawkers in the city is 7,742 and the work on computing illegal operators is still on. As per the PMC, there are approx. 10,206 hawkers but the PMC has not given identity cards to them yet. The civic administration collected a fine of Rs 26 lakh from April 2011 to March 2012.The pending policy identifies five locations to rehabilitate hawkers in the first phase. Earlier, Pune became the first city in the country to receive funding for hawkers' rehabilitation under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM). The aim was to reduce traffic problems, give a neater look to the city and, create a permanent revenue source for the PMC.The civic administration promised corporators at the GB that the matter was being pursued with the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14541273", "title": "Rare knee surgery spares patient from amputation", "text": "Mangalore: A team of doctors of Indiana Hospital and Heart Institute here has recently performed a successful rare surgery to remove cancerous tumour from the knee joint and saved a 29-year-old patient from the agony of amputation.Head of the Orthopedics department MV Jalaluddeen, who led the team, said Ashraf got admitted to the hospital with complaints of severe pain which made his life miserable.When examined, it was found to be a cancerous tumour. The tumour was present in the upper left leg which had already entered the joint. In most cases, amputation is the preferred choice of the clinician to save the life of the patient.But the team, including doctors Ahmed Rizwan and Mohammed Shibli, were successful in salvaging and removing the tumour weighing about 250 grams and measuring about 9 x 8 x 8 cm, Jalaluddeen said. The surgery took more than five hours.This aggressive gain cell tumour is rarely found in this region and all the known cases, amputation was the remedy, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14537198", "title": "C-PAPs for a good night's sleep", "text": "KOCHI: The joint efforts by his foes to give sleepless nights to former chief minister of Kerala and veteran Communist leader V S Achutanandan, who has been on a self-styled crusade against corruption, haven't borne fruit so far. He is one among the many who are depending on Continuous Positive Airway Pressure (C-PAP) machines to treat obstructive sleep apnoea (OSA), a medical condition affecting nearly 10 % of the state's population.The condition caused by alcoholism, obesity , smoking and irregular sleep leads to strokes, heart diseases, diabetes and hypertension. With cases of OSA, a condition in which the patient ceases breath from 10 to 30 seconds, showing an upward trend, more and more people in the state are depending on CPAP machines for uninterrupted sleep.The number of C-PAP machines being sold in the state has gone up to around 700 a year from a few hundreds a couple of years ago. \"Sedentary lifestyle including sitting all day, watching television, and excessive use of computers with little physical exercise causes OSA. According to studies, around 10 % of the people in the state have OSA which leads to diabetes, heart attack, stroke and erection problems,\" said Kochi-based Dr George Moti Thomas, pulmonologist, Medical Trust Hospital.Snoring and day-time sleep are the major symptoms of OSA. \"Of the patients who consult me seeking medical advice for OSA, around half a dozen require C-PAP. More and more people are opting for C-PAP in the last few years,'' said Dr Jacob Baby, professor, pulmonology department, Cooperative Medical College, Kochi.Patients with OSA, who are unaware of the disease, seek medical advice for snoring. They usually cease to breath for an interval of ten seconds at a stretch. There could be 40 to 250 such intervals for a patient with OSA during a night's sleep. Such stoppage of respiration results in a decrease in oxygen levels in various organs. \"Prolonged OSA may result in cardiac diseases or stroke. Moreover, it may aggravate diseases like diabetes and hypertension,'' Jacob Baby said.\"We conduct a sleep study on patients with suspected OSA. They may be suggested either polysomnography (PSG), which is known as full sleep test, or given the home screening test (HST). On the basis of the results, we recommend C-PAP or Variable Positive Airway Pressure (V-PAP), used mainly by those suffering from asthma, to patients,'' Jacob Baby said.While the cost of C-PAP varies from Rs 33,000 to Rs 66,000, the V-PAP costs between Rs 90,000 to Rs one lakh. \"C-PAP is a lifelong support mechanism and most patients buy it. But being costly, VPAP is hired. We sell around 50 C-PAPs a month in the state,\" said K Jayadevan, regional manager with a leading CPAP distributor in Kerala.OSA BY DEGREES* OSA is the cessation of breathing for a period of 10 to 30 seconds for 40 to 250 times during the course of a night's sleep* Cessation of breathing for five to 15 times an hour is called mild OSA* If the condition repeats 15 to 30 times an hour it is moderate OSA* The condition is severe OSA if the cessation is more than 30 times an hourHIGH RISK OSA GROUPS* Alcoholics, smokers and those having disturbed sleep cycle* Those with a body mass index of thirty and above* Those with a neck size of 43 cm or more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "mahbubnagar", "code": "14536440", "title": "Dumped bodies, organs came from medical college", "text": "MAHBUBNAGAR: It turns out that the bodies of six infants and chopped parts of three adults that were found on Friday near the garbage dump in the vicinity of Peddacheruvu here belonged to a medical college that never opened because it could not get recognition.\"The authorities of MBC Medical College had procured the bodies as part of the infrastructure to be displayed to the medical council of India team for securing recognition.However, with recognition not coming, the college sold the furniture and other items to a person who in turn dumped them near the lakeside garbage dump,\" DSP D Hemavathi said.Meanwhile, the state human rights commission on Saturday took suo moto cognizance of the finding of the bodies and directed the district collector, SP and the health authorities to submit a report by July 12.MBC College, a minority institution, is located about 10 km away from the spot from where the dead bodies were found.The SHRC has taken suo moto cognizance of the finding of the bodies and directed authorities concerned to submit a report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14539303", "title": "Pollution department wants residents\u2019 help in implementing ban", "text": "GURGAON: The pollution department has failed to keep tabs on the use of poly-pouches by tobacco companies even after receiving relevant notifications from the state government. The department said that in the past two years it had issued only 690 challans which include 319 in 2010-2011 and 371 in 2011-2012.\"We did not want to harass the small shopkeepers but have been keeping an eye on the big shops and brands, markets and outlets. We have also been looking at the multilayered plastic packets, like gutka pouches and chips packets,\" said an officer of the pollution department.The government has now divided the city into two divisions - North and South - which would have two district pollution control officers who are supposed to keep a watch on not just the sale and distribution of plastic bags but also on their production.\"The pollution department carried out raids all over the city. The department finds it difficult to keep track of outlets within the municipal limits as well as the residential sectors. The other civic agencies have the power to impose challans but they did not carry out checks and inspections despite repeated requests from the environment department,\" said the officer.\"We want residents to help us if they see anyone using such poly-pouches. Alone we cannot do much. We have received the notification that tobacco products should not be sold in plastic pouches. We do not have any registered tobacco factory in the city, so we just have to keep a check on their sale,\" said Balraj Singh, regional officer, Haryana State Pollution Control Board.Residents fail to understand why the department is still struggling to get polythene banned even three years after the ban was imposed.Despite organizing a special plastic bag eradication drive every fortnight and also organizing awareness programmes for the masses to make them aware of the hazards of plastics, the department failed to achieve the desired results.Meanwhile, market associations have a different take on the ban. They believe that the ban only hurts the interests of the poor and is \"an effort to brush the government's incompetence under the carpet\".\"Paper and cloth are not cost-effective whereas plastic bags are. They will make it difficult for a vegetable vendor to compete with big chains if one looks at the convenience to the customers. Viable alternatives should have been made available before the ban was implemented,\" said a member of the market association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14536634", "title": "Realtor succumbs to bullet injury at Nims", "text": "HYDERABAD: Realtor Mansoor, who was undergoing treatment at Nims after suffering a bullet injury on his head, succumbed in the wee hours of Saturday.The Falaknuma police said that Mansoor succumbed because of multi-organ failure. Police had recently arrested six persons - Habeeb Ismail Sankari, his mother Abeda Begum of Chandulal Baradari, their family friend Mohd Afroz of Gazibanda and his associates Mohd Aleem of Fathima Nagar, Mohammed Naseeruddin of Misrigunj and Mohammed Akbar of Kishanbagh - for conspiring to kill Mansoor, a resident of Shah Ali Banda.The families of Mansoor and Habeeb have been fighting over ownership of an ancestral property in Kazipura in the Old City. On June 21, Habeeb had fired at Mansoor while he was going on a two-wheeler at Bibi Ka Chashma.After the death of Mansoor, the Falaknuma police have altered the case from Section 307 (attempt to murder) to 302 (murder) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14536725", "title": "Principal secretary stays Chief Commissioner Of Land Administration\u2019s \u2018NOC\u2019 order", "text": "HYDERABAD: In an unusual bureaucratic move that smacks of political interference, the principal secretary, registration, ULC &amp; jagir administration, Anil Chandra Punetha has stayed an order issued by former chief commissioner of land administration Minnie Mathew cancelling the 'no objection certificates' issued to private entities for construction of structures on the 2.57 acre land in Phisal Banda near Owaisi Hospital in Santoshnagar.On June 28, TOI reported that five individuals had applied for NOCs in 2010 from the government for construction on 'abadi land', claiming that the area admeasuring 2.57 acres was part of a bigger chunk of land gifted to their ancestors more than 200 years ago. The certificates were issued by the then collector Naveen Mittal's office within a week of application but were later challenged on grounds that the land was government 'abadi' land.Following objections to the NOC, collector Natrajan Gulzar, in December 2010, issued orders putting them in abeyance until further notice. The collector also sought a direction from the government which in turn asked the CCLA to take necessary action. After examining the case and obtaining responses from the applicants regarding the cancellation of NOCs, the CCLA passed an order on June 18 saying that the certificates were invalid as they were obtained by misrepresenting facts and taking advantage of the ambiguity in the records. The collector was asked to reclaim the land.Stating that the order of CCLA was stayed, Punetha, a 1984 batch IAS officer in his order (a copy of which is in TOI's possession), questioned how the CCLA could take a parallel decision when the matter was under examination by the government. He also asked the CCLA to send a detailed report along with remarks to the government for further action.However sources in the revenue department claimed that no files on the subject were pending with the government.Observers say that the move is most unusual as the CCLA's decision was final on land issues. Also, Minnie Mathew, a 1976 batch officer who has taken over chief secretary on Saturday, is several notches above Punetha in hierarchy. Hence, observers point out that a principal secretary, who, though directly represents the government in a department, could not have passed such an order without government backing. The government, they believe, has given in to some political pressure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "story", "code": "14548655", "title": "Om Shanti", "text": "Story: The film is about the trials and tribulations of the last king of Pratapgarh \u2014 Aditya Narayan Chowdhury \u2014 and how he handles his enemies who are hellbent on not just usurping his property but also eliminating him from the face of this earth.Movie Review: This was supposed to be an important film to have been made at a time when there is a global attempt to usher in peace and harmony. That, at least, was what the press release of the Satabdi Roy movie had claimed. But the endless sword fights and the ketchup-smeared faces of the villains could hardly convince the audience about why anyone would want to endorse such a claim.Not every movie that one enjoys watching has a premise that's believable. But if the screenplay doesn't have much to add credibility to a plot, the making is such that the viewer wants to believe even if the script is flawed or one is watching a fantasy.Sadly enough, despite having competent actors and a decent budget, Om Shanti offers very little in terms of a takeaway. It must have taken great courage or a lot of convincing for powerful actors like Victor Banerjee, Tapas Paul , Rajesh Sharma, Kharaj Mukherjee and Rituparna Sengupta to accept, shoot and then endorse such a movie.Even with as many as five music composers \u2014 Bappi Lahiri, Neel Dutta, Nachiketa, Rocket Mondal, Rupam Islam and Samidh Mukherjee \u2014on board, the film doesn't offer a great musical experience. But then, one has to still admit that music is perhaps the only strong point of the movie what with talented singers including Nachiketa, Subhamita, June, Rupam and Neel lending their voice to the songs.As for Rakhi Sawant , she deserved a more flattering way of picturization on her Bengali debut.Perhaps a little more attention to the script and the making would have ensured that at least the audience gets some peace while watching it and while carrying its hangover once out of the theatres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "14537309", "title": "Properties of two J&K; separatists sealed for hawala dealings", "text": "SRINAGAR: The Jammu &amp; Kashmir police on Saturday sealed properties of two little-known separatists for allegedly acquiring them using hawala money and funding militant activities. This is the first such move since the insurgency erupted in the state in the late 1980s.The police sealed Hurriyat leader Ghulam Mohammad Khan's house at Channapora in Srinagar. Hours later, two acre land and the house of Abdul Razaq Lone and his son, Abdul Hamid, were sealed at Wugbugh in Sopore. One of Razaq's sons, Abdul Majeed, is a Hizb-ul-Mujahideen militant based in PoK.Sopore SP Imtiyaz Hussain said the father-son duo was found \"involved in funding militancy through covert channels''. Properties can be seized if there is sufficient proof that an accused has acquired them using illegal money or could use them for terror activities under the provisions of Unlawful Activities Prevention Act. Hussain said property of the Lones was sealed under the Act's section 25. \"The police have put up a notice board at the attached property, saying it cannot be transferred or dealt otherwise without the prior permission of the investigating officer.''Earlier, police had registered a case against the father-son duo in 2009. It was not immediately clear why they have not been arrested yet.A police officer said Majeed had asked his brother to transfer his share of the property to him through militant channels. \"Hamid has handed over Rs three lakh as an installment of the value share of the property of his brother to the Lashkar-e-Taiba terrorist in Sopore,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14541735", "title": "Assembly rejects council's bill; okays 8-year term for Lokayukta, his deputy", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh assembly on Saturday rejected the recommendations made by the legislative council that UP Lokayukta and his deputy should continue in the office for a period of five years after assuming office. The UP Lokayukta and Deputy Lokayukta (Amendment) Bill, which proposes to extend the tenure of Lokayukta and his deputy to eight years instead of existing six years has subsequently been passed by the Assembly on Saturday.On Wednesday, the council after recommending five-year tenure, had sent it back to Vidhan Sabha for its consideration. Tabling the bill in the upper House, revenue minister Ambika Chaudhary said that the Vidhan Sabha speaker has certified that it (UP Lokayukta and Deputy Lokayukta (Amendment) Bill) is a money bill. As a result, no amendment to it is possible, even though suggestion for change could be made by the upper House.In other matters taken up by the House on Saturday, the government passed the budgetary allocations for the department of home (police), general administration and housing. Assigning Rs 377.93 crore for housing, Rs 64.10 crore for general administration and Rs 7,111.18 crore for police reforms in the home department, cabinet minister Azam Khan said UP is facing acute shortage of policemen, especially at lower level. \"This is affecting speedy disposal of criminal cases. The state has only 7,500 inspectors as compared to the shortage of 17,500,\" Khan told the assembly.The parliamentary affairs minister, while presenting the budget of general administration and home departments said the government has planned to provide adequate transport facilities and better weapons at all key police stations and posts. \"We have taken Meerut as a model district, where separate set of officials would look after law and order and investigation to give it momentum,\" Khan said.Taking pot-shots at the former BSP regime, Khan also said the BSP government had booked innocent people in criminal cases during its tenure. The minister also took a jibe at former chief minister Mayawati for allegedly conducting fund-raising activities and hosting costly birthday celebrations in a \"poor\" state like UP. Khan also ridiculed leader of opposition Swami Prasad Maurya's claim that state's crime graph is on the rise. Earlier, Maurya had said that although chief minister Akhilesh Yadav's intentions of keeping crime in check appears to be clear, he seemed to be under some compulsion because of which he is not able to check the goonda elements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14555478", "title": "Balaji Mohan to tie the knot", "text": "balaji mohan, who tasted success with his directorial venture \"Love Failure\", is all set to tie the knot with his childhood sweetheart Aruna, later this year. Balaji, who shot to fame with his maiden Tamil directorial venture \"Kadhalil Sodhappuvadhu Yeppadi\", is currently working on the script of his next film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "14559381", "title": "Motorcycle stolen from outside gurudwara.", "text": "PATIALA: Visiting a local gurudwara has cost Rs 35000 to a local youngsters as thieves stole his motorcycle while he was inside to pay obeisance.Police have registered a case and started investigations. As per information Palwinder Singh of Ghuman Nagar of Patiala had gone to local gurudrawa Dukhniwara sahib around 9.30 pm. He parked his motorcycle (PB-11AJ-5042) near Parking. But when he came back after paying obeisance, the motorcycle, the cost of which is around Rs 35000, was missing from near parking.Though Tripadi police have registered a vehicle theft case against unidentified persons, but there is no arrest so far. Investigation officer Gurmeet Singh did not attend his mobile despite repeated calls. Since police has permanent nakas at both sides of gurudwara, near Badi Baradari side and on Sirhind side, where more than 15 cops stay regularly. The theft of vehicle despite having two permanent nakas has raised serious questions about the working of police. \"It shows police offices don't work sincerely and thieves could steal vehicles from near their Nakas when they want\" said Sumit, a local student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14542036", "title": "21st century royalty", "text": "On June 22, Vadodara got a new maharaja. Samarjitsinh Gaekwad, son of late Ranjitsinh, was coronated king at the sprawling Laxmi Vilas Palace in the presence of family and close friends. An avid sports lover, Samarjitsinh, 45, is currently vice-president of the Baroda Cricket Association (BCA) and owns a golf club. In his first ever interview after ascending to the throne, he told TOI what it means to be a maharaja in the 21 century.\"I was coroneted just a month after my father passed away,\" he said. \"I felt a sense of responsibility for my family after his demise and after sitting on the royal 'gaadi' , this responsibility has only increased. Our family priest was guiding me about customs to be followed while sitting on the gaadi. But as an individual, the coronation didn't make much of difference as it was just another custom for me.\" The family performs puja and pays its respects to the gaadi during festivals at least six times every year.He decided to wear his father's 'achkan' (court dress of royals) on coronation day as he was missing Gaekwad Senior. \"Fortunately, it fit me very well.\"Relevance of coronationIt is one of several important customs that the royal Gaekwad family has been following for years. \"If we don't follow the tradition of coronating a maharaja, we won't be following one of our oldest customs,\" Samarjitsinh added. \"Coronation doesn't have any legal validity and, of course, I am never going to prefix maharaja to my name. But, it is belief of the community and hence we have to follow it. We cannot keep the royal 'gaadi' vacant for long time.\" As for outside world, he admits he is not sure how relevant the ceremony would be. Some people call such ceremonies regress ive. \" But our coronation ceremonies are very simple and done only as a custom. My father Ranjitsinh's coronation was even simpler and very few people had attended it. Earlier, the ceremonies used to be grand affairs and extended for over a week.\"Future in politics?\"I don't know from where these rumours of me contesting elections come from,\" Samarjitsinh said. \"I was offered ticket in 2005 but I wasn't interested. Though I am in the BJP, I have always kept away from politics .\" He added that people may be speculating because of the family's political past. \"I am not considering foraying into politics as of now but I am not ruling it out either. My wife Radhikaraje won't contest polls as we have two little kids and they are our priority.\"Plans for the familyThe family is planning to turn the grand Laxmi Vilas Palace into a heritage hotel, surrounded by a sprawling golf course. The new maharaja is keen to go for an 18-hole golf course of international standards. However, it will take some time for the projects to materialize.\"We have already renovated the Ladies Durbar Hall next to the palace which will be rented out as banquet hall for functions and marriages. But, once Laxmi Vilas Palace is converted into a hotel, we will move out of the palace. Hotels have a lot of restrictions. We won't prefer to stay in a part of the palace with all the guests around.\"He is also planning to end the long-standing legal battle that his father and others had with his uncle Sangramsinh Gaekwad over the family's property worth thousands of crores. \"For over a year before his demise, my father Ranjitsinh tried a lot to settle the legal case for inheriting family property with his brother ,\" says Samarjitsinh. \"But then he suffered fro m health complications . My priority now is to sort out the issue as early as possible. The case is being fought for about 22 years and I would prefer an out-ofcourt settlement. Though, it is said that out-of-court settlements are ones in which neither party is happy.\"Plans for VadodaraThe family is planning to revamp the Devasthan Trust that it runs. The trust manages 15 temples in Vadodara . \"I am planning to bring changes in the trust by inviting more able people to join it,\" Samarjitsinh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "14541430", "title": "Termites feeding on Baradari trees", "text": "PATIALA: Known as the heart of Patiala, the green belt of all Badi Baradari area is under threat as termites are eating up trees and vegetation. Also, the lack of water is causing a slow death to this biggest forest area in the city but the authorities are yet to take the required preservation steps.According to the records of Punjab horticulture department, there are around 5,000 trees of various species out of which, over 1,000 are more than 50 years old and the remaining were planted in the past five decades by government or local environmentalists. The scarcity of water is causing an irreparable loss to this oldest garden as termites have already destroyed around 200 trees, while others are showing signs of decay.Some senior horticulture officers admitted that the lack of water was the primary reason for the situation. \"Earlier, canal water was supplied to the area but this was stopped years back. The administration dud not care to increase the number of tubewells\".\"I have been coming here every morning for the past 45 years. But, now is the worst time for the Badi Baradari area. The place was known in all northern states but is dying a slow death. Some politicians having connections with the land mafia want to encroach on the land,\" alleged Gurdial Singh, a retired government employee.There are only four tubewells here and the erratic power supply and no generators have aggravated the problem. When contacted, horticulture development officer Swarn Singh said, \"We have been trying to arrange more tubewells for the areas.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14557145", "title": "Cops beat up trader in Kota", "text": "JAIPUR: Arguing with some cops over parking in busy Gumanpura area of Kota city proved costly for a trader on Saturday night. He was severely beaten up by some policemen in full public view. He was then brought to the police station where also he was manhandled. Later after intervention of senior police officers, the trader lodged a complaint against the policemen including an assistant sub-inspector.According to reports, garment businessman Hemant Khandelwal runs a shop in Chopari Bazaar situated Shopping Center. After some work in the market, he returned to the shop in the evening and got into a small argument with some policemen on duty here over cars parked in front of his shop.\"He says that ASI Jaswant Singh and two other policemen started beating him up,\" said a police officer.There was a huge crowd of shoppers on the weekend evening. Despite that, the three cops thrashed the trader in full public view. As crowd started to gather there, the three cops took Khandelwal to the Gumanpura police station. But some representatives of traders' association also arrived at the police station and demanded action against the policemen involved in beating up the trader.\"We have lodged the complaint against the three policemen and investigation has been launched. Action will be taken against them,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14541133", "title": "Mangalore City Corporation to outsource manpower", "text": "Mangalore: The short-staffed Mangalore City Corporation (MCC) will resort to outsourcing personnel in its fight against vector borne diseases - malaria/dengue that is assuming grave proportions.While deputy commissioner NS Channappa Gowda has allowed deputation of 30 personnel from the department of the health and family welfare for the purpose, the civic body at its general meeting on Saturday approved availing services of 42 personnel from a manpower recruiting agency.Disproving the mutual blame-game which corporators from the ruling BJP and the opposition Congress indulge in during the council meetings, commissioner K Harish Kumar admitted that there are problems aplenty in the health section of the corporation.Strict action would be taken against realtors, hoteliers and anyone concerned found contributing to the spread of these diseases, he said. The district administration will launch a concerted awareness campaign in all the 60 wards of the civic body using these 72 personnel by way of door-to-door outreach activities from Monday, he said.Premanand Shetty, chief whip of the ruling BJP, presenting the agenda on the issue, said the civic body had chosen Premier Security Services, Mangalore, a manpower recruiting agency to provide the manpower for the campaign. Harish said the agency will have to provide manpower as per the conditions laid down in the tender agreement which will cost the city corporation Rs 5.84 lakh each month or Rs 70.16 lakh for a period of one year.Harish said the MCC is on the verge of receiving approval from the government to its proposal of the three-package solid waste management system. \"The proposed package will ensure door-to-door collection of garbage and its mechanised disposal from the source to waste disposal site,\" Harish said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14542530", "title": "CBI files plea to cancel interim bail of National Defence Academy staffer", "text": "PUNE: The CBI on Friday filed a plea to cancel the interim anticipatory bail application of National Defence Academy's (NDA) presiding officer of the recruitment board Colonel Anil Kumar Singh for not cooperating in investigation into the cash-for-jobs scam.Apprehending arrest, Singh had obtained interim bail till July 2. While granting bail on Thursday, the special court had imposed several conditions, one of them being that he should cooperate with the CBI. However, CBI deputy superintendent of police Rajpal Singh filed a plea through special public prosecutor Vivek Saxena saying that the probe has come to a stand still because Singh was not cooperating with the CBI. Saxena told the court that Singh had threatened to commit suicide during interrogation.Singh and his lawyer S K Jain appeared before the court on Saturday and denied CBI's charge after special judge D R Mahajan issued a show-cause notice directing him to respond to CBI's plea on Friday. Jain claimed that his client has cooperated with the CBI when he was called for questioning between June 28 and 30.Citing a Supreme court ruling that granting interim bail to an accused amounts to interference in investigations, Saxena pleaded for cancellation of bail. Opposing the prosecution's plea, Jain argued that the court has powers to grant interim bail while charging the CBI of committing an offence of contempt of court. He said the bail order was not interfering with the probe and appealed to the judge not to revoke its order. Judge D R Mahajan granted Jain time till July 2 to reply to CBI's plea in detail.The judge also told the CBI counsel that his order passed was legal as he had power to give bail in the given circumstances. He asked the CBI to move the Bombay High Court to challenge his order.The CBI had earlier arrested Colonel Kulbir Singh, staff officer to the NDA commandant, for his alleged involvement in the recruitment scam of class IV employees at the NDA. The others arrested are Balkrishna Charanlal Kanojia, Vishnu Prasad Sharma, Dattatreya Eknath Shitkal, Manoj Marut Shitkal and Ramesh Dilip Gaikwad. A special court has sent Kulbir Singh and five others to CBI custody till Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14538118", "title": "Those killed were Naxal cadres: Bijapur superintendent of police", "text": "NAGPUR: Refuting claims of activists and some political leaders, senior police officials claimed that all the people who died in two gun battles in Chhattisgarh on Friday were connected to the Naxal movement and some of them were senior cadres, including one who was involved in a jail break.Bijapur superintendent of police Prashant Agrawal, who claimed that no major developments took place on the day after the encounter, said, \"Some of those killed were Naxals while others were their supporters in the form of Jan militia,\" said Agrawal. Following confusion in the numbers of casualties, Agrawal confirmed that security forces had recovered 17 bodies.Agrawal identified some of the slain Naxals as Irpa Somulu, Korsa Vijje, Markham Suresh and Markham Nagesh. \"Naxal cadres Markham Some and Kaka Chenti were injured in the gun battle whom we have airlifted to Raipur for treatment,\" he said. The SP said that Somulu was a Jan militia commander while Suresh was involved in the Dantewada jail break case in December 2007.Sukma SP Ajay Yadav said that the arrested Naxals and their supporters were being questioned but there was no other incident in the region. \"Additional SP SR Bhagat is still at a security camp where he is interrogating those detained,\" said Yadav. He added that some more operations were undertaken but there was no significant outcome from them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14539767", "title": "6,739 applicants for 2,100 BCom seats in Chandigarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Grabbing a seat in any local college in the commerce stream has become a daunting task. The contest this year in exceptionally tough for outstation students with the seat-applicant ratio touching 1:12, the highest in last few years.In \"outside UT\" category, meant for students who have passed Class XII from schools outside Chandigarh, for nearly 315 seats 3,822 applications have been received. The figure, say PU officials, is record number of applications in the last few years.At the end of centralized BCom admissions on Saturday, in total 6,739 applications were received for all 2,100 seats in colleges located in Chandigarh and affiliated to Panjab University (PU), including department of evening studies, PU. Of these 15% seats are reserved for students who have passed Class XII from schools in other cities.Under the centralized process, for all colleges affiliated to PU located in Chandigarh and Ludhiana, 10,300 applications were received for 4,500 seats. Cut-offs even for the \"UT pool\" which comprise 85% of seats will be on a higher side this year, state commerce faculty at PU.\"The entire process has been smooth and satisfactory this year and the response to the online process is good,\" says S K Chadha, professor at University Business School (UBS), who is coordinating the BCom online admissions this year.PU's department of evening studies which also offers BCom course, however, had no special quota for UT and non-UT students like in local colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "14536656", "title": "20 Goa Cricket Association clubs allege victimization", "text": "MAPUSA: Just days before the Goa Cricket Association starts its election process, 20 cricket clubs have got together and threatened to knock on the doors of justice if they are not provided with voting rights. The affected clubs have also called for the immediate intervention of chief minister Manohar Parrikar .\"The (GCA) secretary's letter dated February 6, 2012, to the returning officer states that there are 130 clubs affiliated to the GCA. We have all paid our fees, played competitive cricket in 2012, received cricket kits, money, etc, from the association, yet our names are sought to be deleted,\" Amarnath Panjikar, president of Khorjuem Sports Club, representing the 20 clubs, told mediapersons here on Saturday.The GCA have confirmed that there would be a total of 110 clubs eligible to vote during the July 22 elections.The clubs have now threatened to approach the court to bring a stay on the election process if they are not re-enrolled.\"We will be meeting the chief minister for justice. If we are not given voting right, the court will be the only option,\" said Panjikar.\"Recently, the GCA passed an amendment to its constitution restricting the tenure of president to two terms, but Vinod Phadke, Chetan Dessai and Sanjay Kanekar are in GCA for around 15 years as office bearers,\" said Vijay Kholambkar, president, Bicholim Sports Club.\"GCA members called us many times asking us to give proxies for election, stating that if we give them the proxies, they will give us 1 lakh. They have obtained proxies from some of the clubs by providing money. Since we did not give them the proxies, they are taking revenge on us,\" said Deepak Amonkar of Rudreshwar, Panaji.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14536117", "title": "Bihar Chamber of Commerce team meets Bihar State Electricity Board chief", "text": "PATNA: A delegation of Bihar Chamber of Commerce (BCC), led by its president O P Sah, called on the chairman of the Bihar State Electricity Board here on Friday and discussed issues related to power supply in the state.The delegation, which included the BCC secretary general Sanjay Kumar Khemka, ex vice-president Sanjeev Chaudhary and its energy subcommittee chairman Sanjay Bhartiya, told the Board officials when adequate power was available in the state, there should not be any load-shedding or interruption in power supply.A BCC release said BSEB chairman P K Rai, while agreeing with the delegation's view, reportedly stated that there was adequate power availability at the grid level, but the supply infrastructure at the field level needed to be updated. He said the Board had taken up the massive task to streamline the supply infrastructure, which was likely to take some time for completion.The board chairman also stated that power shutdowns, particularly in Patna, occurred primarily due to local breakdowns and the BSEB was trying to reduce such breakdowns as much as possible.The delegation further suggested to the Board chairman that meter reading should be done by remote access without visit to the consumer's premises and check meters should be installed.Sah said that on the demand of BCC, Rai also agreed to consider sympathetically enhancing the interest rate being paid by the board to its consumers on security deposits to nine per cent from the existing six per cent as per the guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "14541432", "title": "Website blocked over vice president report", "text": "BEIJING: Financial news agency Bloomberg's website was blocked in China on Saturday after it carried a report revealing business dealings of the family of Chinese vice president Xi Jinping . Xi is expected to replace president Hu Jintao after the reshuffle in the ruling Communist Party later this year.The US state department requested Beijing to \"respect internationally recognized human rights and fundamental freedoms on the internet , including the freedom of expression\" while suggesting that the Chinese censors had clamped down on the news agency.The report about the family of Xi, who championed an anti-corruption campaign, is bound to annoy the party at a crucial time. The article discusses extensive business relations of Xi's relatives, who have accumulated assets worth $376 million.But Bloomberg clarified that none of these assets can be directly linked to Xi, 58, or his wife, Peng Liyuan, 49, a highly popular singer of the People's Liberation Army. Xi is not known to have personally intervened to further business interests of his relatives , it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "14556101", "title": "Indiscriminate sand extraction posing threat to agriculture along Tiracol river coast", "text": "MAPUSA: Uncontrolled and indiscriminate sand extraction along Tiracol river is posing threat to the agricultural activities along the river coast.Excessive and indiscriminate sand extraction in the river has threatened the existence of paddy cultivation along the river coast. Besides the paddy crop the coconut and areca nut plantations on the banks of river is in danger. There are several instances of felling of coconut and areca nut palms as the river banks are collapsing.Hundreds of canoes are extracting sand in the Tirakhol river at Kiranpani, Palye, Bhalkhajan, Devsu, Korgao , Paraste , Konadi, Naibag, Poraskade, Tambose Ugvem and Torse.Due to large-scale sand extraction in mangrove beds, the river bank is collapsing. Acres of cultivable land in these villagers is being destroyed as the river banks are collapsing and salt water is entering the fields.The boom in the real estate sector has fuelled the activity. Locals want that the activity be regularized. Pernem mamlatdar Satish Dessai said his office is checking on illegal sand extraction with regular raids with the help of police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14538632", "title": "Worry over E-W Metro route change", "text": "KOLKATA: The East-West Metro that is far for completion, is now faced with a new crisis. The state transport department has proposed a change in the alignment of the city's second Metro route that will run from Salt Lake Sector V to Howrah Maidan. It is being feared that the implementation of the realigned route may further delay the project and also raise the cost.The union urban development ministry secretary and Kolkata Metro Rail Corporation chairman Sudhir Krishna did not want to comment on the proposed change in the alignment of the city's east west metro. But he gave maximum impetus on the timely completion of the project so that \"cost of the project does not overrun and people do not face hassles any further.\"\"I have heard that the state transport department has proposed a change in the alignment. Let them submit a report. I personally want a faster completion of the project so that people get its benefit at the earliest. Already, the project is running behind its schedule,\" said secretary of Union urban development ministry and Kolkata Metro Rail Corporation chairman Sudhir Krishna. admitting that change of alignment will delay the project further.The state transport department has proposed a change in the alignment of the city's second metro which will run from Salt Lake Sector V to Howrah Maidan.The transport department wanted the Metro to pass through touch down at Esplanade, instead of going through Bowbazar. However, Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) - the principal overseas funding agency of the project - has expressed disapproval over the already opposed such realignment.The reason cited for the realignment was found to be rather flimsy - opposition to land acquisition by some traders. Majority of traders around Central station have accepted compensation. One a building at 10 Lu Hsun Sarani has already been constructed at a cost of Rs 10 crore to rehabilitate traders, another building is being built at 21 Sukeas Lane is being constructed.The project will have one of the world's finest metro coaches manufactured by Spanish company CAF, said Krishnan. KMRC has already spent Rs 1000 crore, one fifth of the project cost. Each coach of the rake will cost KMRCRs 7.07 crore. \"The cost of coaches has actually come down a bit. In case of Delhi metro, each coach costs around Rs 10 crore. We are standardizing specifications of coaches so the cost of production comes down further. A lot of cities now want a metro. So India will be a bulk consumer as far as metro coaches are concerned,\" said Krishna. In case of north-south metro, the cost of an AC coach is Rs 4 crore.Krishnan said that a lot of cities like Kochi, Bhopal, Indore and Ludhiana want a metro. The thumb rule for sanctioning a metro project is that the cities must have a population exceeding 20 lakh. There are 30 cities with a population more than 20 lakh population.Even the interior of these AC coaches look smart. \"Each coach will be barrier-free so that a handicapped person can move without hassle into the coach, sitting on his wheelchair. Even moving from one coach to another will also be hassle-free,\" said CAF international director for Asia-pacific region Juan Jose Garcia. There will be a screen-door on the platform to prevent anyone from jumping into the track.Initially, 14 trains each having six coaches will be used. It would take 23 minutes to make a one-way trip. along the 14.58km stretch from Salt Lake Sector V to Howrah Maidan.Of this stretch, 8.84 km will be in the underground tunnerl, a part of which will be constructed under the river bed of the Hooghly and 5.74 kilometer will be along an elevated corridor. The underground stretch, including 6 underground stations, will cost Rs 1800 crore.Even the interior of these AC coaches look smart. \"Each coach will be barrier-free so that a handicapped person can move without hassle into the coach, sitting on his wheelchair. Even moving from one coach to another will also be hassle-free,\" said CAF international director for Asia-pacific region Juan Jose Garcia. There will be a screen-door on the platform to prevent anyone from jumping into the track.When all the rakes will arrive, KMRC can run the metro at 2.5 minute intervals at peak hours and 5 minutes during non-peak hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14557461", "title": "Convicts to display their acting talent at drama festival from Monday", "text": "MANGALORE: Eighty convicts lodged in Dharwad, Belgaum, Mysore and Bangalore Central prisons in Karnataka will be seen in a different light from Monday. Thanks to a relationship fostered by Gopal B Hosur, then Superintendent of Police of Bellary in 1997, Mysore based Sankalpa theatre repertoire in association with department of prisons will stage 'Jailninda-Jailige Rangayatra', a four-day drama fest by these convicts at the Town Hall here.Envisaged as a 'drama therapy' by Hulgappa Kattimani, director of Sankalpa, the drama fest will be the 105 th show that this theatre repertoire is exhibiting in the state and the first of its kind in this coastal city. On offer for theatre buffs is 'King Lear' by convicts from Mysore, 'Kattale Daari Doora' by convicts from Bangalore, 'Shivarathri' by convicts from Belgaum, and 'Gokarnada Gowda Shani' by convicts lodged in Dharwad central prison.Aimed at helping these convicts overcome social ostracism for their deeds, which Kattimani feels are done in the heat of the moment and not with any intention to kill or maim, the drama fest will also help these convicts touch their real human self. \"The drama festival is a mental, if not physical release for these convicts from the rigours of their jail term,\" Kattimani told reporters here, adding it is also an attempt to foster better relationship among them.These convicts have already performed in Dharwad, Belgaum, and Bangalore for four-days each since November and the coastal city is the latest pit stop for their creative talents, he adds. The theatre repertoire is working with sole motto of new life through theatre, he said, adding it has been an onerous task that he has single handedly shouldered without a single convict ever trying to escape, a move that would derail this effort altogether.Conflicts forced by personal traits and roles they portray in dramas under this rangayatra has helped bring about transformation in many a convict, Kattimani said, citing the example of SV Ramesh, convict lodged in Bangalore central prison, who plays roles of Mahatma Gandhi and Basavanna in such theatre experiments for convicts. \"These convicts have all qualities to emerge independently as a separate prisons drama repertoire,\" he pointed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "sunday interview with actor vinay pathak", "code": "14539537", "title": "Going solo is the challenge of the stage", "text": "Sunday Interview with actor Vinay Pathak:'The lovable buffoon' is a phrase used much too often in conjunction with Vinay Pathak, who has embodied that particular trope in film after (mostly successful) film: from the edgy, indie Bheja Fry and Dasvidaniya to the vehemently mainstream Rab Ne Bana Di Jodi. It is also an avatar Pathak has donned with ease on stage, but in his latest play, Nothing Like Lear, written and directed by Rajat Kapoor, the lovable buffoon comes with a sinister edge. Pathak, who will soon be seen in films such as Midnight's Children directed by Mira Nair , was in the city recently to perform Nothing Like Lear for the first time on the Bangalore stage. He spoke to Sunday TOI about theatre vs films, acting in a solo play and being part of Bollywood's in-progress intellectual resurrection.Q. Nothing Like Lear is classic absurdist drama, in the mould of Waiting for Godot or Rajat Kapoor's own previous work, C For Clown. How did the script fall in place?Nothing Like Lear is a one-man show; a clown's interpretation or rendition of King Lear. Like King Lear, one of the play's primary themes is the relationship between a father and his offspring. It was Rajat's idea originally. I've done C for Clown as well, but the characters of these two clowns are very different. There are lots of different shades.Q. What is it like to hold a play completely on your shoulders?There's a lot of pressure. I'm usually sweaty and nervous before the performance - you know the feeling you get before an exam? You know if you screw up there's no going back. And of course, acting in a solo play means there is no support from other actors on stage, no one to distract the audience if you make a mistake. But that's the challenge and excitement of acting on stage.I feel films are a director's medium, while theatre is an actor's medium - one in which the actor can add so much of his own self. It is also much more physically demanding, and needs greater focus and motivation. Just going through the rehearsals can be gruelling, but we do it because we love it.Q. You, Rajat Kapoor and (actor) Ranvir Shorey have shared a fantastic creative collaboration with films like Bheja Fry and Mithya, plays such as The Blue Mug and C For Clown, and TV shows like Ranvir, Vinay Aur Kaun and Cricket Crazy (only with Shorey). What makes the three of you such a great team?First and foremost, we are friends in real life. Even if nothing happens, we don't do anything together, we remain friends. That's the key to our creative collaboration. There is no pressure - we don't say to each other 'yaar ek film banani hai, ek idea chahiye'. We don't hang out with each other to generate material; we hang out because we love each other's company. It is not limited, not conscious. If, say, we'd formed a company, there would have been some amount of pressure to be creative. But now it's spontaneous, simple.Q. You have formed a certain niche for yourself in Bollywood with small films and interestingly etched characters. Would you say Bollywood is more accepting of this kind of subculture today?Firstly, I must tell you that I don't like the term 'Bollywood'. Having got that out of the way, I would like to believe that the Hindi film industry is definitely a more open, free place today. People have the freedom to tell the stories they want to tell. You now have a window open to tell your story. People listen to these stories. As storytellers, that's what we love best. And not only is the industry developing in terms of forms of storytelling, the literacy of audiences is evolving constantly. More and more people are being drawn into this web of storytelling. I feel lucky and privileged to be part of this (change) at this point of time.Q. What draws you to the quirky roles you frequently essay? Would you say they find you?I don't go by my role or my part in the script. If the script as a whole excites me, I want to be a part of it. I'd rather be a small part of a film that has a fabulous script and story, than one in which my role is well-written but the rest of the story is weak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14539801", "title": "NCRB: Delhi is most violent city", "text": "NEW DELHI: This piece of news is not a surprise in a city where a vendor can be shot at for not being able to provide someone's favourite ice-cream flavour, a cop can be mowed down for doing his job and women are scared to step out after sundown.The National Crime Records Bureau's (NCRB) statistics for 2011 show Delhi as the most violent city, confirming what is already known. New Delhi accounted for almost 10% of crimes reported from India's 53 mega cities that have over a population of 10 lakh each. The NCRB's latest statistics also show West Bengal is most cruel towards women, MP is India's rape capital and Kerala has the highest rate of violent crimes.According to NCRB's report for 2011, UP accounts for 33.4% of total crimes in India. The report, made public on Saturday, shows crimes under IPC has registered a 2.5% rise in 2011 over previous year, while crimes under special and local laws \u2014 such as Arms Act and Gambling Act\u2014have declined by 7.4%. While burglary and break-ins have shown a declining trend in 59 years, all other crimes have been steadily climbing since 1953. Number of murders has increased by 250% since 1953, while rape has gone up by 873% and kidnapping and abduction by 749%. India's 53 mega cities have been seeing a spurt in criminal activity and are more violent than the states in which they are located. Delhi, Kanpur, Mumbai and Bengaluru accounted for 9.9%, 7.3%, 6.7% and 6.3% of criminal activities, respectively. Asansol in Bengal has reported significant increase of 83.7% of IPC crimes as compared to 2010.Statistics show crime against women has been steadily rising. Altogether, 2.28 lakh incidents of crime against women were reported in 2011 as compared to 2.13 lakh in the previous year. Bengal, with 7.5% of India's population, has accounted for 12.7% of the total crime against women and reported 29,133 cases. Andhra, accounting for nearly 7% of the country's population, recorded 12.4% of total crimes against women in India.MP has reported highest number of rape cases (3,406), accounting for 14.1% of total such cases in the country last year. The report finds that in 94% of the rape cases, the offenders were known to the victims and 10.6% rape victims were under 14 years, while 19% were teenagers.There has been a substantial rise in custodial deaths. It was 104 in 2011 against only 70 in 2010. The report has revealed how cyber crime in India has almost doubled in the past one year. While in 2010, 966 such crimes were registered in the country, it increased to 1,791 cases in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "14557453", "title": "Iran ambassador hopes of stronger ties with India", "text": "PATIALA: The Iran ambassador S M Najbijaade expected that the relations of his country with India will become more strengthened in coming some time as the understandings of both countries are increasing.Najbijaade, who visited historic Imaam Hazrat Mashahad Ali Dargah (Panj peer) in Samana town, 25 km away from Patiala towards Haryana side, and paid obeisance and stayed there for some time to pray for peace in all world.\"Iran and India have good relations presently and we hope both countries would further improve their relations in coming some time as both have understood the importance of each other\" said Najbijaade.Punjab Wakf Board chairman and former DGP Mohd Izhar Alam and Samana administration including SDM Sukhwinder Gill and DSP Samana Sewa Singh Malhi organized a small function to honor Najbijaade.\"We also believe that India and Iran would further improve their relations and the residents of both countries will get benefit from their improved relations. We thank Najbijaade for sparing some time to come here from his busy schedule\" said Alam.The Dargah is popular at world level and politicians and businessmen from Pakistan, USA and many other countries come here whenever they visit any part of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14529845", "title": "Meet 3 hot projector phones", "text": "How about using your mobile phone to beam an image or a presentation? There are phones that can be used as mini projectors. This is an emerging technology and is catching on fast. However, big companies are yet to invest in this segment, save for Samsung. There are many options from small handset companies such as Maxx, GFive and Intex. They may offer cheaper alternatives but they are not built very well. Here are some of the good options in this segment.Samsung Galaxy Beam Samsung should perhaps change its tagline to \"We have a phone for everything\" . The phone is available for pre-order on Samsung's website at Rs 29,900. It is a fully functional smartphone running on Android 2.1, and its 12.1 mm frame can pack a lamp with 15 lumens. It is ideal for a quick business presentation.Obviously with a projector packed into the device , the battery life does take a beating, but the specs say the phone can run 14 hours on 2G network and about 7 hours on 3G network. With the projector, it's safe to assume the phone can run up to about 3 hours on a full charge.The phone comes with a tripod and you would probably have to use office supplies to make a stand or keep it at the edge of the table, but it does come with an impromptu portable screen maker.The telescopic rod extends out and has a small clip where one can place a sheet of paper and the base can support it during presentations. The sheet can be placed in landscape mode or portrait mode depending on your presentation.The projector also tops up as a torch; and the intensity can be changed using the volume buttons and so too the colours. (Try beating Nokia 1100.)Micromax X40 Micromax competes in this segment as always with a low-cost alternative. The X40 is a dual SIM phone and the projector's lamp is rated at 20 lumens. It is good value for money though the construction could be a bit more elegant.The phone also comes with a tripod, so that should make presentations a bit more easy. The projector lens is also analog and the image can be focussed using a dial near the lens. However, there are some glaring problems with the projector . The image is beamed at 90 degrees and anti-clockwise , and there is no default program to correct this and one would have to tilt their heads to navigate to the file. The image corrects itself once the the video being played goes into full screen. It also runs on a rather old Java-based OS. Better luck next time Micromax.Spice M9000 Popkorn The problems that plague Micromax are present in Spice as well; and a lot more too. It can play videos in 3GP format and the projector is not that great. The image projected is a pain in the neck (literally) and projects is projected at 90 degrees and anti-clockwise . The build feels cheap and plastic. There are vents in the side to keep the projector cool.The phone includes a tripod, which is even more cumbersome than the one Micromax has, and includes an external speaker; no marks again for the quality of the speakers. There were alarming reviews about the battery life. The phone's price varies from Rs 6,700 to Rs 5,700; keep an eye out for bargains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14541849", "title": "No UP sugar mill would be sold now: Government", "text": "LUCKNOW: Following an hour-long debate in UP assembly on irregularities in the sale of sugar mills, the Uttar Pradesh government on Saturday said no sugar mills would now be sold in the state. Announcing this on the floor of the house, senior Samajwadi Party leader and PWD Minister Shivpal Yadav said the state government would conduct a high-level inquiry into the anomalous sale of 21 government sugar mills during the BSP, allegedly leading to a loss of Rs 1,200 crore to the state exchequer. The state government also said it would formulate a new policy to ensure better realisation to farmers.Reacting to allegation that the state government was in acting in collusion with those entities for whom the BSP government bent rules'', Yadav also said the Samajwadi Party believed in rulling mills and would ensure that all existing mills were run properly.Naming BSP MLC Mohammed Iqbal and his sons as beneficiaries of the anomalous sale of sugar mills, Yadav also said the state government lost over 1179 crore in the sale of sugar mills.On June 13, however, in a surprising U-turn, the government announced that no inquiry into the sale of sugar mills was required. Highly placed sources in the government, however, clarified later that the announcement was faulty one and a result of a mistake by a senior government functionary.'' On June 15, the government took corrective measures and said a nine-member panel, headed by the chief secretary would probe the sale of sugar mills.Attempting to take credit for the state government's decision, senior BJP leader said the change in the stance was due to the pressure built by the party. Hukum Singh, BJP's legislature party leader said there were massive irregularities in the sale of the mills. Singh also said there were two companies with the same owner and board of directors who were the bidders and were also competing against each other.Leader of opposition Swami Prasad Maurya of BSP, on the other hand, denied the charges of irregularities levelled against the Mayawati government. CLP leader Pradeep Mathur also alleged that an entity named Chadha Company took away turbines and other materials from Chata Nagar sugar mill in Mathura, even though the mill was not sold. Samajwadi Party MLA Ravidas Mehrotra, who raised the demand for a probe into the sugar mill scam also alleged that at least 10 sugar mills of the 21 sold were functional at the time they were sold. He also said that sugar worth several crores was stored in the mill godowns at the time of sale. These stocks were handed over to the cartels, along with the sugar mills. This, Mehrotra alleged, had resulted in openly looting'' the farmers and labourers working at the sugar mills.The Comptroller and Auditor (CAG) report has said that 21 sugar mills were under-valued by up to 30% when they were sold during former CM Mayawati's regime. After the under-valuation, the expected prices were reduced further by 50%. The report also said that expected bid prices were disclosed to bidders and the bids were rigged through cartelisation. One cartel, linked to liquor baron Ponty Chadha, grabbed five mills, another, with a BSP leader on board, lapped up 10. The Indian Potash Limited also bought six sugar mills through this managed'' bidding process. According to the CAG report, the sale of 21 sugar mills was supervised by a 'core group of secretaries for disinvestment' comprising senior IAS officers. In its report, the CAG also recommended a thorough probe by the Enforcement Directorate to investigate a case of money laundering and to recover losses from those responsible for the scam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14540043", "title": "Tour operators cry foul after shops blocked by DMRC", "text": "NEW DELHI: About 90 tour operators outside the Red Fort are in a quandary as DMRC has blocked the Azad Hind market over the past three days to construct a station. The operators sat on protest all through Saturday to oppose DMRC's \"unilateral'' decision to barricade the shops in the middle of the night.Tony Verghese, one of the operators, said the north corporation had passed an order on June 19 and got it distributed on June 23. \"After the weekend, neither DMRC nor MCD gave us the chance to lodge a formal protest,'' said Verghese.The civic agency had given the tour operators 15 days to vacate the area. The deadline expired last week but the operators have not yet been relocated to a site at Meer Dard Road offered by the north corporation. The civic agency said all operators have tehbazari licence. Despite being the enforcement agency, it is doing little to ensure they vacate the place.\"DMRC is supposed to recompense all these tehbazari owners for relocating,'' said Subhash Chandra , commissioner of the city zone. While DMRC claims it has paid the agency to relocate the operators, civic officials deny the claim. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14548179", "title": "Stop maligning India, steel minister tells LN Mittal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Steel minister Beni Prasad Verma on Sunday said NRI billionaire L N Mittal should stop \"maligning\" India and its government, asking why the steel baron was not setting up his plants in the country.\"He should stop maligning India and the Indian government. Why is he not beginning work on his projects,\" Verma said.Mittal, chairman and CEO of world's largest steel company, ArcelorMittal, had said in New York on June 19 \"Industrialisation is an important part of every major economy's development and by risking progress... India is potentially condemning hundreds of millions to remain in poverty longer than previously anticipated\".When asked about the problems being faced by ArcelorMittal with regard to land acquisition in Jharkhand and Orissa, the steel minister said, it is a state issue. \"In any case, Mittal never contacted me,\" he remarked.He said the central government would extend cooperation if ArcelorMittal wants to go ahead with its India plans.Verma said South Korean steel major Posco is now making progress in its $12 billion projects to set up 12 million tonne steel plant in Orissa.\"Those who want to go ahead, they like Posco are making progress,\" the minister said.ArcelorMittal is waiting for six years to implement its $30 billion projects mostly in Orissa and Jharkhand states.Mittal had recently also stated that it may take his company another five to 10 years to start India projects.\"We continue to experience difficulties in India. My belief is that the Indian projects may not see the light for five to 10 years,\" he had said in May.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14534956", "title": "Huge no-ball landed TP Sudhindra in trouble", "text": "MUMBAI: TP Sudhindra, who was banned for life by the BCCI on Friday, was caught in a sting operation by a TV channel purportedly agreeing to bowl a no-ball for Rs 50,000 in a local match in Indore when he was approached by the channel's reporters in April last year. The channel had also showed Sudhindra bowling a huge no-ball on the second ball of his first over which made a case against him.Sudhindra arrived at the BCCI office on Saturday afternoon to present his point of view. Board president N Srinivasan, vice-president Arun Jaitley and IPL governing council member Niranjan Shah were present at the hearing.Uttar Pradesh cricketer Shalabh Srivastava , who plays for Kings XI Punjab , was handed a five-year ban for agreeing to spot-fix a match and bowl a no-ball for Rs 10 lakh. Unlike Sudhindra, who actually committed the act of bowling a no-ball and ended up receiving a life ban, Srivastava gets a five-year term because he agreed to bowl the no-ball but did not actually indulge in any such act.Srivastava did not personally attend the hearing but presented his point of view to the committee via teleconference. \"(Shalabh) Srivastava was held guilty of agreeing to fix a match and negotiate terms for the same, even though no actual match-fixing or spot-fixing took place,\" the board said.Three other cricketers \u2014 Amit Yadav , Mohnish Mishra and Abhinav Bali \u2014 were handed a one-year ban each for indulging in \"loose talk, unsubstantiated bragging and bringing the game into disrepute\".Mishra, who has played for Madhya Pradesh , Deccan Chargers and Pune Warriors, was quoted by the channel as saying, \"Franchisees pay black money to us players. Pune gave me Rs 1.5 crore, out of which Rs 1.2 crore was black money.\" Yadav, who plays for Goa and Kings XI Punjab, was found guilty of agreeing to shift from his IPL team if he received Rs 20 lakh from another team instead of the Rs 10 lakh being paid by Punjab.The N Srinivasan-led committee perused the report submitted by the board's Anti-Corruption Unit chief Ravi Sawani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "14536545", "title": "27-year-old man ends life at Tisk-Usgao", "text": "PONDA: Satish Patil, a 27-year-old newly married youth from Tisk-Usgao in Ponda allegedly committed suicide by hanging himself at his residence on Saturday. The youth married three months ago and police said the cause of suicide was not known.Ponda police said that they received information about the incident at around 7.50am, however, details about the suicide was not registered in the UD (unnatural deaths) register until late evening. Police said that Patil was found hanging from a wooden rafter of the house with a nylon rope by his family on Saturday morning. They immediately informed a local panchayat member who later informed the Ponda police. At the time of the incident, his wife was not at home. She was at her parents' house at Hubli-Karnataka, local sources added. The police have retrieved the body and preserved it at the Goa medical college and hospital, Bambolim, for an autopsy to be conducted on Sunday. A case of 'unnatural death' has been registered by Ponda police under Section 174, CrPC.Cyclonic winds wreak havoc in Bicholim: Torrential rains accompanied by cyclonic winds created havoc in Bicholim with giant trees uprooting at different places. Due to trees uprooting, two families from Bicholim taluka suffered a total loss of 1,20,000. At Bicholim, Prabhakar Vernekar suffered a loss of 40,000 after his car and scooter were damaged after a mango tree fell on his vehicles, while at Narvem, Madhukar Narvekar suffered a loss of 80,000 after his residential house was damaged due to an uprooted jackfruit tree. Firemen Namdev Gawas, S V Parab, J S Kandolkar, Vinayak Ugvekar, Deelip Gawas and Sainath Kesarkar were engaged in clearing debris under the guidance of sub officer Atchut Dhawaskar.Speed breakers notified at Paliem: The district magistrate, North Goa district, has ordered the construction of 'speed breakers' about 10m from from the junction on the road proceeding to Bhandarwada in Paliem, Pernem taluka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14538252", "title": "Anees Ahmed jumps into council seat fray", "text": "NAGPUR: With the state election commission announcing the schedule for elections to the 11 legislative council seats that are falling vacant on July 27, battle lines will be drawn next week. As per the schedule, notification will be issued on July 7, nominations can be filed on July 14 while polling will be held on July 25. With three of the 11 seats from Vidarbha involved, the election is expected to heat up the political scene in the region.The 11 MLCs whose terms are ending necessitating the election are MPCC president Manikrao Thakre, SQ Zama, and Keshav Mankar (all three from Vidarbha), Ulhas Pawar, Rajan Teli, Arun Gujrathi, Usha Darade, Pasha Patel, Keshav Mankar, Purshottam Uparkar, Jayant Patil and late Pritam Shegaonkar who passed away in Mumbai last week. Of the 11, four are from Congress, three from Nationalist Congress party (NCP), two from Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), one each from Shiv Sena and the Peasants' and Workers' Party.Thakre, holding the crucial post of state Congress chief is expected to be renominated. Ulhas Pawar, who is close to Vilasrao Deshmukh and has good rapport with even current chief minister could also get another innings while Teli is Narayan Rane's trusted man and may get another chance. That leaves the Nagpur seat of Zama. While the veteran trade union leader is keen on another term, he has stiff competition from within the party from ex-minister Anees Ahmed and city Congress president Jaiprakash Gupta.A section in the party believes that Ahmed with his strong connections in Delhi has already pulled it off and is certain to be nominated. But there is another section which believes that the fact that Ahmed was given a chance to contest the assembly elections and lost from Nagpur (West) may go against his favour. Moreover, the party also rehabilitated him as AICC secretary last year.Zama has strong credentials as INTUC leader of three decades' standing and has a non-controversial image. He is keen on another term. \"I will be meeting state AICC in-charge Mohan Prakash, MPCC president and senior leaders in Delhi next week and seek their support for a fresh term,\" Zama told TOI.Ahmed was not available for comment while Gupta said that he would try his best and hope his sincere work for the party pays dividends.The MLC members are elected by assembly members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14538784", "title": "Kozhikode life comes to a halt as CPM hartal turns violent", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The dawn-to-dusk hartal called by the CPM on Saturday in protest against the arrest of P Mohanan, CPM's district secretariat member and former district panchayat president, in connection with the TP murder, turned violent in many parts of the district.KSRTC buses and private vehicles were attacked in the city and in rural areas.Three people, including a child, were injured when a car was attacked by hartal supporters at Kovoor, near the medical college hospital.A KSRTC bus was stoned on the Kozhikode-Guruvayoor route. Though KSRTC operated services in the morning, attack on buses at Eengappuzha, Mukkom, Puthiyangadi, Ramanattukara and Pulloorampara forced the corporation to stop services. Hartal supporters pelted stones at the office of the minister of state for home affairs Mullappally Ramachandran at Vadakara. A bus waiting shed at Chemmarathur in Vadakara was destroyed.Police dispersed hartal supporters at Ramanattukara, Balussery, Kakkodi, Nanmanda and Kakkur. A few CPM workers were taken into custody at Balussery and Nadapuram. Hartal supporters also destroyed banners and arches erected by the Congress and the IUML at different places. Congress offices in Valayam and Nadapuram were also attacked. Except for a few two wheelers, all vehicles kept off the road. Shops and hotels too remained closed. Banks that had opened in the morning were forcefully shutdown.Congress dharna: The District Congress Committee will stage a dharna at Mananchira on July 6 in protest against the violence in Saturday's hartal, said DCC president K C Abu at a news conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14537041", "title": "Charu's discharge gives hope to Priyanka's kin", "text": "Three months after 23-year-old Priyanka Rai met with a near fatal drunk driving accident at Juhu Tara Road that killed two of her friends Shivani Rawat and Nimisha Mane, the feisty youngster is fighting to cross little medical milestones. The Rais of Kalyan got a tinge of hope after Red Chillies' animator Charu Khandal got discharged and went home on Friday evening from the same hospital where Priyanka is also admitted.While Khandal had been admitted to Andheri's Kokilaben Hospital since the past three months, Priyanka has recently been shifted there for superior rehabilitation facilities. Coincidentally, both the victims had met with accidents within a span of seven days at the end of March.Since the day of the accident, Priyanka has battled seven fractures and six surgeries. Just a week ago, she started rolling her eyes spontaneously, and that itself has given the family hope. She can also breathe on her own and does not require the support of ventilator at any point. Dr Abhishek Srivastava, specialist in neurological rehabilitation summed up her condition as \"more alert and conscious. But, she is still not responding to verbal commands.\" He said she moves her upper limbs spontaneously but that again is not in response to any command.Srivastava added that Priyanka is on tracheotomy tubes fitted to ensure that she does not choke on her own saliva. She is fed food as well as given medication using tubes. But Dr Srivastava refuses to predict the time when she would be able to react, talk or even recognize her family members. \"It is tough to say. As of now, she has to be under hospital care for at least two months for comprehensive brain injury management, including neuro stimulation, coma management and neurophysio therapy,\" said the doctor.Priyanka's father Markandaya, though, said while they are waiting patiently for every little sign of improvement, they are fast running out of resources. Employed as a supervisor in a transport company, Markandaya resumed work only last week after the accident. He has already shelled out over Rs 12 lakh, and is currently arranging another 5 lakh for the rehabilitation programme. \"Doctors say she does not respond to command. But I think she has shown some emotional response at times. It is hard to explain but I am living with the belief that she can feel things,\" said the father. The mother's eyes welled up when asked about Priyanka. \"We are ready to do anything just to see that she talks and smiles. She is fighting a difficult battle,\" she said.Priyanka's fiance Abhijit Singh, who hails from Indore, has let go of job offers just to be by her side. \"I play the songs she liked to listen. I think she reacts with her eyes if the volume levels are uncomfortable. But I may be assuming things,\" he said. The accident has brought him closer to the Rais. \"We were planning to get married by end of this year. Now, how can I just leave her alone?\" he asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14536637", "title": "Court cancels bail of impersonator", "text": "MARGAO: The Margao additional sessions court judge, Vijaya Pol, cancelled the anticipatory bail granted earlier to Agustine Carvalho, a resident of Majorda, after the police alleged that he was again involved in cheating the public by personating a policeman.Carvalho had approached the sessions court for anticipatory bail apprehending arrest by the police after Venkatesh Naik lodged a complaint on March 15 that he was robbed of 67,000. Naik alleged that the accused stopped him at Raia when he was riding his motorbike and relieved him of the money. While allowing Carvalho's bail plea, the sessions court had directed him to report to the Maina-Curtorim police station everyday.Subsequently, the police said that Carvalho was recently arrested by the Agasaim police impersonating a policeman and lodged in a lock-up. As he was in custody, the accused failed to be present at the Maina-Curtorim police station. Following his absence, the prosecution approached the court seeking cancellation of the anticipatory bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14540144", "title": "On Bank Day, PGI gets 2 new ATMs", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Celebrations kicked-off on Saturday to mark a century old tradition of celebrating - Bank Day, held on July 1 each year. Coinciding with the golden jubilee celebrations at PGI, the announcement of setting up two new ATMs for peoples' convenience was done in commemoration of this day. In a bid to connect with citizens, advance trauma centre and advance pediatric centre at PGI will have two new ATMs of State Bank of India.As part of its Bank Day celebrations, several saplings were also planted by S K Dash, general manager, SBI Chandigarh circle, along with Dr Yogesh Chawla, director, PGI, at the campus in Sector 12 on Saturday, amid several senior doctors and residents.Doing its bit for the society on the eve of Bank Day, Dash said 960 branches under Chandigarh circle of SBI, comprising Punjab, Haryana, Himachal Pradesh, J&K; states and UT, have donated 10 fans to various schools in their respective areas. At the occasion, scores of bank employees also took a pledge to work unceasingly and promptly for customers' delight.Additionally, a cheque of Rs 2 lakh was presented to Sahayta Cancer Welfare Society, by the bank.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14538723", "title": "Corporation to set up e-toilets in schools", "text": "KOZHIKODE: After installing coin-operated e-toilets successfully in various parts of the city, the corporation is now planning to set up e-toilets in schools. In the initial phase, the civic body will set up e-toilets in selected girls' high schools and highersecondary schools.The project has been planned under the people's plan programme for the year 2012-2013. The e-toilets will also have sanitary napkin incinerator facility for disposal of used napkins. At present napkins are either thrown into dust bins or flushed in school toilets. The user-friendly incinerators will have capacity to dispose waste including sanitary napkins and paper towels.Mayor A K Premajam said the corporation would hold a detailed discussion on plan preparation and allocation of fund for the project after discussing it in a meeting with various standing committee heads. \"We are planning to introduce the scheme in girls' high schools and higher secondary schools in the beginning,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14538065", "title": "Innocent tribals killed in Chhattisgarh encounter: Swami Agnivesh", "text": "NAGPUR: The two encounters in which 19 alleged Naxals were killed by security forces in south Chhattisgarh have been called into question by activists who have slammed the forces for what they say is blatant killing of innocent villagers.As against the official figures of 19 deaths, activists claimed that 26 people were killed at three places within a span of few hours. Activists also say several villagers were thrashed and arrested.Former education minister of Haryana and firebrand activist Swami Agnivesh came down heavily on the security forces and demanded a judicial inquiry into the encounters. \"The villagers had merely gathered for a village meeting when they were fired on,\" Agnivesh said.\"Around 300 armed troops surrounded and fired upon 200-odd tribals. Some Naxals may have been present there but they escaped seeing the security forces approaching. The villagers who stayed back got killed,\" he said. \"Reports and photographs show clearly that the children and young girls were also not spared in the firing,\" said the activist.Leftist ideologue and poet Varavara Rao stated that the actions in which the villagers were gunned down were part of 'Operation Green Hunt' which were intensified through 'Operation Vijaya' and 'Operation Hakka'. He said that civilian armed movement Salwa Judum was started in 2004, Operation Green Hunt in 2009 and Army was stationed in Bastar in 2011 by the state to repress the voice of tribals here. \"Army may not be using arms but are providing their infrastructure to fight the tribals in the Bastar area,' said Rao.According to a reliable source in Bastar, the villagers of Kottagudam, Karakagudam and Rajupenta were conducting a 'bhoomipuja' before the tilling phase at the onset of monsoon. \"The villagers were also supposed to distribute the land among them for tilling following an adopted pattern in these regions which has been initiated in the last couple of years. Forests have been cleared for tilling purpose which the villagers were now ready to take up,\" said the source. He added that 23 people died at Basaguda encounter and many others were injured. \"The security forces left with 17 bodies while the rest died in forests,\" he said.Another source said that two villagers - Markham Mudyalu and Latchalu - were grazing their cattle when they were killed by the security forces near Jagargunda village. Nine people were dragged to the police station. The villagers were lathi-charged when they gheraoed the police station for release of the detained people.Six people were arrested from Simeru village, said a district source from Sukma. He added that around 40 people were tortured and their properties destroyed at Singuru village. The source also stated that Sodhi Dorla was a chief of Gram Raksha Dal and not sectional commander of Naxals as claimed by the security agencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14543247", "title": "BJP-ruled states to help in relief work", "text": "GUWAHATI: BJP-ruled states will provide relief to flood-affected people in Assam, party national secretary and Rajya Sabba member Bhupendra Yadav said here on Saturday.State BJP president Ranjit Dutta has written to national president Nitin Gadkari for involving the BJP-ruled states to help in relief work. In response to Dutta's request, Yadav said all BJP-ruled states are going to mobilize resources to help relief work in Assam, which is reeling under the worst floods since 2004.\"We share the sufferings of people affected by floods. All BJP-ruled states will help Assam in relief work. We are planning to provide food items, medicines, clothes, water cleaning materials and other relief materials for them. We are also going to have a team of doctors in relief operations,\" said Yadav said. There are nine BJP-ruled states.Taking potshots at Tarun Gogoi's trip to USA, Yadav alleged that absence of chief minister at the time of crisis was very unfortunate. \"We appeal to chief minister to cut short his trip and be with the flood-affected people,\" said Yadav. He added that BJP's central team will arrive here for visiting flooded-hit districts.BJP said the party has always been asking for a permanent solution to the problem of floods by using state-of-the-art technologies. \"Our party has always been advocating permanent solution to the problem,\" added Yadav.Yadav and BJP national executive member Pinky Anand were here for compiling a report on the denial of citizenship to Hindu refugees who left Bangladesh because of religious persecution. Anand said BJP will file a case with the National Human Rights Commission within three weeks on human rights violation of Hindu refugees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14540134", "title": "Pawan Kumar Anajaiah acted alone in murder case: US cops", "text": "BANGALORE: Delaware police have said that Pawan Kumar Anajaiah, who's suspected to have committed suicide in a US hotel, was the lone suspect in the fatal stabbing of a 26-year-old teacher in a beachside lodge room.The body of Pawan, an employee of business and technology services major Cognizant who was in the US on a job assignment, was found in a hotel room in Belleville, New Jersey, on June 19. He allegedly died of a drug overdose.Police from the neighbouring state of Delaware were looking for Pawan in connection with the alleged murder of Danielle Mehlman, mother of a 4-year-old boy, a day earlier. Pawan and Daliell had been sharing a hotel room.Sergeant Paul Shavack, spokesperson for Delaware police, told STOI in an email communication: \"Detectives continue to thoroughly and aggressively investigate this case in order to determine circumstances and motives surrounding this homicide, and to bring closure to both the case and families.\"\"Though the investigation is ongoing, we are confident that Pawan Kumar acted alone in this homicide and that there have been no other suspects or persons of interest identified at this time,\" Sgt Shavack said.Pawan's family believes that he was framed in the murder case and later killed by the teacher's killer. Meanwhle, the arrival of Pawan's body could get delayed as his family said on Saturday that they first needed to have a look at New Jersey police report and the suicide note, and hence, refused to sign the necessary papers.A Gunasheela, Pawan's elder sister, told STOI that the family feared that signing the papers would tantamount to accepting the allegations against him.\"My brother has been made to sound like a drug addict and womanizer. We know this is not true. If we sign the papers, it's like accepting all the allegations. So we have requested MEA officials to hand over Pawan's suicide note and police report on the incident,\" Gunasheela said.Delaware police FIRPolice statement: Suspect in Dewey beach murder found dead in New JerseyLocation: Atlantic Oceanside Motel, 1700 Coastal Highway, Dewey Beach, DEDate of Occurrence: Monday, June 18, 2012 at approximately 10.45amVictim: Danielle Mehlman, 26, of Bensalem, PASuspect and Charges: Pawan Kumar, 26, 3000 Block of Naamans Road, Stratford Apts., Wilmington, DE'We are helpless'Pawan Kumar's family members, along with two lawyers, met our HR officials on Friday evening. Our HR officials reminded them that unfortunately no further action can be taken in bringing Pawan Kumar's body back unless the family signs and returns the forms required by New Jersey Medical Examiner's office for release of the body. Cognizant has no influence on this requirement. Unfortunately, as of last evening, the family has decided not to sign the forms to allow the return of the body back to IndiaSpokesperson, cognizant", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14539451", "title": "APJ Abdul Kalam: Atal was not keen on my '04 Gujarat visit", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former President A P J Abdul Kalam has said that former PM Atal Bihari Vajpayee was not keen about his visit to Gujarat after the 2002 riots.Kalam does not reveal why Vajpayee had his reservations, but says in his new book that the then PM asked him, \"Do you consider going to Gujarat at this time essential?\" Kalam also alludes to resistance at the ministerial and bureaucratic level. The ministry in question could be home affairs, then under L K Advani.According to Kalam's book, 'Turning Points\", he had told Vajpayee: \"I consider it an important duty so that I can be of some use to remove the pain, and also accelerate the relief activities, and bring about a unity of minds, which is my mission, as I stressed in my address during the swearing-in ceremony.\" Kalam said he decided to go to Gujarat as \"my mission was not to look at what had happened, not to look at what was happening, but to focus on what should be done\".The Congress was quick to question Vajpayee's commitment to \"rajdharma\" that he quoted to Modi when he went to Gujarat. Vajpayee's remark had been seen as his disapproval of Modi's handling of the riots. \"It makes one wonder if there was any seriousness about the rajdharma statement...was it only for public consumption?\" asked Congress spokesman Manish Tewari.He indicates that the reasons behind the government's reluctance were political. The visit could be seen as critical of the BJP regime headed by Narendra Modi. \"One of the main reasons was political. However, I made up my mind that I would go and preparations were in full swing at Rashtrapati Bhavan for my first visit as President,\" he said.The book says that apprehensions that Modi would boycott the visit were baseless and \"...to my great surprise when I landed at Gandhinagar, not only the CM, but his entire cabinet and a large number of legislators and officials were present at the airport.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14537372", "title": "Double-decker bus service brings loss to KSRTC", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC) is unhappy with the running of double-decker, vestibule and the recently introduced ring-road bus services in Thiruvananthapuram.While revenue earnings are very low for double-decker and ring-road services, things are just getting better for vestibule buses following an increase in revenue after the service was extended to Attingal. But the narrow and busy roads pose difficulty for the 'road-train' bus drivers.According to official sources, government started the services without considering the practical difficulties or conducting feasibility studies.The double-decker has two services in the city, the first one being a heritage service which tourists could book up to eight hours in advance. The second one is a regular service from East Fort to Sasthamangalam and Shankumukham. After starting the heritage service in March 2011, KSRTC could earn just Rs 2,17,000 up to May 2012. Meanwhile, the daily earning of the regular service is not more than Rs 7,000, officials sources revealed.\"Though we have advertised the 72-seater heritage bus well through media and our website, there are very few takers for it and on most days it remains idle at the depot. It has never got more than 20 bookings a month. The regular service, meanwhile, cannot go beyond certain stretches due to overhead cables and tree branches. Considering fuel and maintenance expenses and the current rates, a bus needs to generate revenue of at least Rs 10,000 per day, but with these services, it is not happening,\" said a senior KSRTC official.According to the department, the vestibule bus, with 62 seats has been running at a loss since it was launched in March 2011, but after extending the service up to Attingal recently, it is slowly showing signs of generating income. However, the Rajadhani service through the ring-roads, which was introduced in April 2012, has incurred heavy loss and already the KSRTC has submitted a recommendation to change the routes.\"The daily collection of the Rajadhani buses connecting Poonthura, Beemapalli, Sankhumukham, Veli, Pettah, Palayam and Thampanoor is less that Rs 4,000. We have recommended a change of route through Inchakkal, Veli, Kazhakoottam, Kesavadasapuram and Thampanoor where bus services are less and population is high. However, people's representatives, without considering the situation, force us to run services in unprofitable routes,\" the official added. V S Sivakumar, who was transport minister when the Rajadhani service was launched, told TOI that he would look into the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14537267", "title": "Kerala to cite IIT findings to contest empowered committee report on Mullaperiyar", "text": "KOCHI: Kerala government will strongly contest the report of the Supreme Court-appointed empowered committee (EC) on Mullaperiyar on the safety aspects, but will rely heavily on the panel's alternative suggestion that a new dam can be constructed as an amicable solution.A high-power team led by water resources minister P J Joseph is leaving for New Delhi on Sunday to hold discussions with the legal cell and finalize the draft of the affidavit to be submitted to the Supreme Court when the case comes up for hearing on July 24. According to highly placed sources, the state will focus on the studies by IIT Delhi to contest the finding of the EC that the existing dam is hydrologically safe.The studies have suggested the dam can overtop if the reservoir area receives 65 cm of continuous rainfall for 48 hours, as it would lead to 2.93 lakh cusecs of water flow into the reservoir. There are records that the area near the dam had received this much rainfall in 1924, 1941 and in 1962, sources told TOI.Experts from IIT Roorkee, which is an internationally recognized institution in seismologic studies, had found that Mullaperiyar falls in seismic zone III category, which can receive earthquakes of 6.5 magnitude on the Richter scale. Studies by them have warned that the more than 115-year old Mullaperiyar dam could breach even if there was an earthquake of six magnitudee, as it has not been built using quake-resistant technologies. The area near the dam had experienced an earthquake of 5.3 on Richter scale in 2001.Kerala would argue that the EC had neglected both these studies and concluded that the dam was safe. However, Kerala would submit before the SC that it would be ready to accept even the proposal of the EC that the new dam can be controlled by a joint three-member team headed by the Central nominee. The state would also express its willingness to bear the cost of constructing the dam and to give the same share of water it was giving to Tamil Nadu presently.But the state would not accept some of the conditions that the new water sharing agreement should have validity for 999 years just like the current agreement, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14541947", "title": "Schools closed till July 4", "text": "LUCKNOW: In wake of intense heat, the district administration on Saturday announced that all schools will remain closed for summer vacations till July 4. The order issued by the district magistrate Anurag Yadav is applicable on all government, private and public schools. Action would be taken against schools violating the DM's order.The information was given by district basic education officer Sarvadanand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14541613", "title": "Man arrested for killing grandparents", "text": "Mysore: A 30-year-old man, who allegedly murdered his grandparents two weeks ago in a fit of rage, was arrested by T Narasipura police.Shivaji, the accused, was picked up from Mysore city on Friday. After killing his grandparents - Shivanna,85 and Shivamma,75 at Sujjalooru in T Narasipura taluk on June 13-following an argument over property, he absconded.Inspector Sundar Raj said they had suspected the hands of known persons in the crime as the deceased owned huge property. On suspicion, they detained Shivaji from Mysore and he was subjected to questioning during which he confessed the crime.Preliminary investigation has revealed that Shivaji, an agriculturist from Megalapura, Mysore taluk, took to crime after his grandfather Shivanna allegedly used foul language against him following an argument. The circumstances forced Shivaji to kill his grandmother too as she was witnessed to the crime. The incident took place when other people were away from home.Police say Shivanna had promised to give him property if he married their granddaughter - Deepa- six years back. Shivaji married Deepa but Shivanna didn't give him any property. Police have booked Shivaji, father to a 4-year-old girl, on charges of murder. The accused has been remanded to judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14557936", "title": "India beat France 4-0 in 2nd match, pocket Test series 2-0", "text": "NEW DELHI: India overcame a defensive France 4-0 to make a clean sweep in the two-match friendly Test series ahead of next month's London Olympics.Ace drag-flicker Sandeep Singh converted two penalty corners in each half for the Indians, while VR Raghunath and Danish Mujtaba were the other goal-getters for the visitors in Le Touquet on Saturday, according to information received.India had earlier defeated France 8-2 in the series opener in Ville.With France opting to play all 11 men behind its 25-yard line for much of the time, it was a different experience for the Indian team than usual.The team coped well with the challenge, creating more circle penetrations than the home side.Also, the Indians got used to the blue turf which, despite being in use for a while now, was on the bouncier side.Though France packed its defence, the Indian attack created opportunities that led to Raghunath's opening goal from a penalty corner strike.Sandeep then scoring a penalty corner goal in each half before Danish deflecting a cross late in the second half to round off the tally.India rested skipper Bharat Chetri, forward Shivendra Singh and rookies Nitin and Somanna.Indian chief coach Michael Nobbs fielded a different combination upfront -- SV Sunil, Tushar Khandker and Birendra Lakra -- than in the first game.The Indian team will have a rest day before travelling to the Spanish city of Santander tomorrow.India will train for a fortnight in Santader before competing in a tri-nation tournament featuring Spain and Great Britain from July 14 to 18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14537639", "title": "Provident Fund chief is a judge, can't face criminal case for his order", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court has quashed a criminal case registered by the CBI in 2010 against E S Sanjeeva Rao, then Regional Provident Fund Commissioner, on charges of cheating, conspiracy and corruption. Rao took up the position in 2005.While passing an order under the Employees' Provident Fund Act, the HC held that a Regional Provident Fund Commissioner is a judge as defined by the Judges (Protection) Act, 1985 and is thus, immune to a criminal case against his or her orders.The case dates back to 2008, when president of Maharashtra Kamgar Ekta Union Vijay Patil complained of alleged evasion of employees' PF contribution of Pratibha Industries Ltd. Rao started an inquiry and was told that the firm had EPF dues of over Rs 6 lakh in 2003-2009, and more than 450 un-enrolled employees were not payed. He passed an order for the recovery of the dues.According to Rao, the CBI, however, scrutinized his assessment order and concluded that he had \"favoured\" the company. It later raided his offices in Thane and Vashi and his homes in Nerul and Andhra Pradesh and froze his bank accounts in 2010. A case was filed against Rao, who moved court against the CBI action. The HC stayed the probe.The CBI moved Supreme Court, which sent the matter back to the HC. An HC bench of Justice V M Kanade and Justice P D Kode held the CBI could not \"sit in appeal over judicial decision given by Rao\". The CBI said HC could not stay proceedings under the Prevention of Corruption Act and that Rao's arguments could be made during his trial and his order was \"not bona fide\", not even an order under the EPF Act; so, he did not qualify as a \"judge\".Rao, represented by senior advocate Mahesh Jethmalani, said as it was a definitive order, the Regional PF Commissioner was indeed a 'judge' as defined by law. The HC also said the CBI could file a complaint if it has evidence to show that Rao had passed order on \"extraneous considerations\" and can be booked for an offence of corruption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14537850", "title": "India inches closer to NSG membership", "text": "NEW DELHI: As India inches towards a membership of the Nuclear Suppliers Group (NSG), the China-Pakistan nuclear transfer is a sign of the growing impotence of the high priesthood of nuclear affairs.The US circulated a \"non-paper\" on India's membership at the NSG plenary meeting held in Seattle on June 22. The most controversial part of the paper is that NPT membership not be seen as a \"condition\" for being in the NSG. The \"food-for-thought\" paper took forward its recommendation for India's membership that the US had circulated at the last plenary in Noordwijk last year.With the US at the helm of NSG this year, India feels its chances of securing a membership of the non-proliferation quartet \u2014 NSG, Wassenaar Arrangement, Australia Group and MTCR \u2014 are better than ever before. A statement issued at the end of the plenary said they \"continued to consider all aspects of the implementation of the 2008 Statement on Civil Nuclear Cooperation with India and discussed the NSG relationship with India.\" But a consensus continues to elude the group.India has done a bit of lobbying with other members of the NSG as well. Foreign minister S M Krishna met his Canadian counterpart recently to discuss the issue, while sources said some of the countries had watered down their objections. But the elephant in the room was China's declaration to supply two extra nuclear reactors to Pakistan without the niceties of a waiver by the NSG. For the past couple of years, NSG has wrung its hands at the prospect. However, Beijing's rebuff of the concerns underlines the nuclear body's lack of wherewithal to act against the P-5 nation and the world's newest superpower. China, however, has not taken further steps to actually transfer nuclear equipment to Pakistan after its announcement. Mark Hibbs, senior associate at Carnegie Endowment, told TOI, \"My intuition is many members hope the transaction would not happen because of Pakistan's political and economic difficulties. For that reason countries in the NSG are not inclined to press hard on this at this moment. While China reiterated its political will, in fact, on the ground it's not clear the transfer will actually happen.\" Pakistan, too, is not the country it was when the first of the Chinese reactors were built there.The closest the NSG came to flagging its concern was a general remark that \"Participating Governments exchanged information on positive and negative developments in the nuclear non-proliferation regime; they also focused on specific regions and countries of concern.\"India, though outside the NSG, is not pushing on the China front. China remains an outlier when it comes to India's own membership to the NSG, and New Delhi wants Beijing to get off the bench. Be that as it may, India is pushing hard on entering the non-proliferation regimes.In a recent speech at IDSA intended for this purpose, foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai had said, \"In November 2010, India expressed interest in taking forward this engagement with the international community to the next phase of seeking membership of the four export control regimes \u2014 NSG, MTCR, Australia Group and the Wassenaar Arrangement \u2014 we are aware that there are regime specificities. Each regime has its own membership criteria, control lists and methodology of work.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14535409", "title": "Harshith shouldn't waste his talent: Annavi", "text": "BANGALORE: Promising high jumper S Harshith is capable of becoming one of the best in India if not in Asia provided the 18-year-old fully concentrates on his training, feels former national champion N Annavi.After watching the Bangalore boy take the gold competing alongside the seniors at the 52nd National Inter-State athletics in Hyderabad, Annavi said Harshith has got the talent to break the national record of 2.25m set by Hari Shankar Roy in 2004.\"Harshith is one of our best talents and he is capable of sailing over the national record in the next few years. My only worry is that he may take his training lightly to concentrate on his studies,\" Annavi told STOI.The former champion, now an accomplished coach, opined that an athlete of Harshith's calibre should worry about his studies.\"Anyone can study but not everyone can excel in sports. He should stop worrying about his marks and focus fully on his training,\" Annavi said.Credit for Harshith's meteoric rise should go to SAI coach GV Gaonkar who nurtured the talent with great care after the youngster turned his focus on sports at the age of 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "14540946", "title": "Cop among 2 killed in truck-SUV collision", "text": "AJMER: Two persons, including a police constable, were killed and three others were injured in an accident at Nareli bypass in Ajmer on Saturday evening. A truck trolley collided with an SUV in which the cops were travelling. The injured were in shock and unable to recall the happenings until late evening. Of the three injured, one is an Assistant Sub-Inspector.On getting information, the Alwargate police rushed to the spot where they found the cops in serious condition, they were immediately taken to JLN hospital. A two-member team of Ratangarh Police Station in Churu district had gone to Ajmer to investigate a case, police said. The police team was returning to Churu when the accident happened.\"Two died before reaching hospital and one was identified as Rajander Singh, a constable from Ratangarh town of Churu district,\" said the police.Three others Ratangarh ASI Shub Karan, truck driver Ashraf of Beawer block of Ajmer and SUV driver Kalu were admitted to hospital in critical condition. \"Though Shub Karan regained consciousness and we tried to find out what happened, but he was in shock so could not say anything,\" added police. Police informed Ratangarh police and trying to identify the other deceased.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14542293", "title": "Activists want government to levy tax on bidi as well", "text": "LUCKNOW: A day after government decided to increase the tax on tobacco products, the cost of cigarette and gutkha has gone up by almost 25 to 30%. While, a large section of the population welcomed the move, many still feel that efforts are required to reduce its consumption.According to a survey conducted by the Union ministry of health and family welfare, at least 49% men and 17% women use tobacco in some form or other in UP. The more worrying part is that 66.1% women and 59.7% women are exposed to harmful passive smoking.A chain-smoker Ranjan Kumar Sinha said, \"Earlier a single cigarette used to cost me six rupees and now it will be around seven rupees. I am not going to reduce my tobacco consumption for a rupee, as it will not affect me.\" Endorsing the same view, GK Malhotra who is a non-smoker said, \"A person who is habitual of consuming tobacco is not going to stop it, even if the tax is levied 100%. And if the tobacco products are banned, the users might search another way of consuming it.\"The survey also reveals that the number of bidi smokers is five times more than cigarettes smokers (20.1% bidi vs 4.1% cigarette). Among women, bidi smoking is nearly 18 times more than cigarette. Overall bidis (12.4%) are 5.5 times more popular than cigarettes (2.3%). However Bobby Ramakant, a social activist, feels that the state government should levy tax on bidi too, because its consumption is more than cigarette.\"Taxes on tobacco products will discourage the poor and young users and thus affect the age of initiation. There are many countries like USA, Australia and Canada , where the consumption of tobacco in teenagers has decreased due to increase of tax on its products,\" Ramakant said. He added that the state government should also need to properly enforce the existing laws. Rules prohibit sale of tobacco within 100 metres of educational institutes, but they are openly violated in the city.The effects of smoking on human health are serious and in many cases, deadly. There are approximately 4000 chemicals in cigarettes, hundreds of which are toxic. The ingredients in cigarettes affect everything from the internal functioning of organs to the efficiency of the body's immune system. The effects of cigarette smoking are destructive and widespread.Toxic ingredients in cigarette smoke travel throughout the body, causing damage in several different ways. Nicotine reaches the brain within 10 seconds after smoke is inhaled. It has been found in every part of the body and in breast milk. Carbon monoxide binds to hemoglobin in red blood cells, preventing affected cells from carrying a full load of oxygen.Dr Ashutosh Dubey, a chest physician in a government hospital feels that an increased tax on tobacco is certainly not the way out. Government should resort to other methods to reduce smoking among people. \"Awareness is the only way by which people can learn the ill-effects of tobacco. Repeated education and continuous provoking can act as a stimulant in this regard,\" he said.Dubey added that almost 95% patients who suffer from respiratory diseases like chronic obstructive pulmonary diseases have a smoking history. Similarly around 40% of patients suffering from chronic bronchitis and 10% from asthma have a smoky past.The government on the other hand is making efforts to make UP a 'tobacco free state' in view of increasing incidents of cancer and heart-related diseases caused by tobacco and its products. Chief secretary Jawed Usmani, has already directed officials of the health, education, home, taxation and others to prepare a report on how to restrict use of tobacco in the state.Government officials said that they have been instructed by chief minister Akhilesh Yadav to draft a policy for making UP a tobacco free state. They said that before banning tobacco products, government will also have to think about alternate employment for the people engaged by manufacturers for production. Increasing tax, the officers said, is only the first step to reduce tobacco consumption. Other measures will be taken gradually. Instructions have been issued to officials of health, education, home, taxation etc to prepare a report on restricting tobacco consumption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14536325", "title": "Kantilal Bhuria will lead Cong in MP assembly polls: Jyotiraditya Scindia", "text": "INDORE: Setting aside rumours about his taking over the reins of Madhya Pradesh Congress party before 2013 assembly polls, Union Minister Jyotiraditya Scindia , on Saturday said that the state Congress Committee would fight the assembly elections under the leadership of its state unit chief Kantilal Bhuria . He was talking to the media at meet the press at Indore Press Club.\"I am happy with the leadership of Bhuria and I see that the Congress Party would do well under his leadership,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14536167", "title": "4 held in defence canteen scam", "text": "MUMBAI: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Saturday arrested four people, including a senior official of the Canteen Stores Department (CSD) under the ministry of defence. Two senior defence officials are also being investigated.Bikas Ranjan Daschaudhary, joint general manager, CSD, was arrested while accepting Rs 1.25 lakh bribe at his residence at Nepean Sea Road from Milind Govilkar, director of Sankalp Consumer Products Pvt. Ltd., a marketing company. Govilkar was also arrested as he allegedly entered into a criminal conspiracy with officials of the CSD by manipulating various demands of CSD items in favour of Sankalp's clients. The CBI has recovered incriminating documents, jewellery as well as cash worth Rs 4 lakh from a search at Daschaudhary's residence.Two other Sankalp employees (Vilas Harer and Manohar Vibhute) were arrested in Pune for conspiring and abetting the crime committed by Govilkar. They will be produced before the special holiday court for their remand in police custody on July 1.The CBI is also conducting searches at 20 places all over the country at the official and residential premises of the two arrested persons and the suspected officials, including two high-ranking army officers of CSD. Both the army officers have been called for questioning next week.The CSD is headquartered in Mumbai and has depots all over the country to provide consumer goods to serving and retired defence personnel at uniform and concessional price throughout India. The CSD has 3,825 canteens.According to the CBI, a case was registered based on the information that Sankalp unauthorizedly acted as a marketing arm and representative of a number of companies against the policy laid by the CSD. \"Sankalp was favoured by CSD officials at various stages such as introduction of items, revising price for items, delayed and excess supply of certain items, creating demands and budget allocation to various items. In lieu of favourable decisions, Sankalp through Govilkar would regularly pay huge bribe money to CSD officers,'' said CBI officers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14536726", "title": "2009 terror plot put Jundal on radar", "text": "NEW DELHI: Top 26/11 accused Syed Zabiuddin Ansari aka Abu Jundal was monitored by the Indian intelligence establishment since some time in 2008, when his presence and identity in Pakistan was established.But it was a plan he hatched in 2009 to target American and Israeli interests in India that brought Jundal under the US scanner and ultimately revealed his presence in Saudi Arabia.Senior sources involved in the operation to bring Jundal \u2014 the most important terror accused to have been held in recent years \u2014 back home said Indian agencies had passed on to the US a copy of a Pakistani passport that the LeT operative had obtained under the name Riyasat Ali. It was on this document that he later travelled to Saudi Arabia.The US may have picked up Jundal's movements through its terrorist interdiction programme PISCES (Personal Identification Secure Comparison and Evaluation System) that is installed at all entry and exit points of many countries, including Pakistan. Islamabad is in the process of replacing US-sponsored PISCES with an indigenous border management system, partially because of the fear of American access and control to PISCES.Sources said the entire operation to track Jundal started after the 2006 Aurangabad arms haul case, when he fled to Pakistan. The Research &amp; Analysis Wing (RAW) picked up communications by one Kashif from Pakistan, with Indian contacts starting sometime in 2007. Though they suspected Kashif was a terrorist, they had no further confirmation of his identity.The trail grew hot again in 2008, when while probing an audacious attack on a CRPF camp in Rampur, Indian agencies tracked one of the suspects to Nepal . He was picked up and brought to India, where during questioning he provided inputs indicating that Kashif may be Ansari's assumed name in Pakistan.Indian intelligence had been monitoring regular communication between Kashif and his Indian contacts ever since they located him in 2007. The communications were \"not very irregular\", a source said. In 2009, Jundal got the Pakistani passport. Sources said that they were able to obtain a copy of his passport within a few months.Over several months during the same period investigators picked up his alleged plans to attack US and Israeli citizens and his interests in India. Among targets discussed was the US consulate in Kolkata, which had been attacked by terrorists in 2002.As part of intelligence sharing between Indian agencies and their foreign counterparts, the information about LeT plans was passed on to the Central Intelligence Agency and the Mossad , sources said. New Delhi also shared the details of Jundal's Pakistani passport.After 26/11 terrorist Ajmal Kasab told interrogators about an Indian teaching them Hindi and his presence in the Karachi control room for the Mumbai attacks, the Indian agencies intercepted yet another communication of Kashif. In this one he spoke about Kasab \"exposing\" him.In April, 2011 Jundal landed in Saudi Arabia using the Pakistani passport and is believed to have got down to scouting for possible Indian recruits for LeT. Within no time the CIA alerted their contacts in RAW about Jundal's presence in Saudi Arabia. Simultaneously, the US and Indian officials started mounting pressure on the Saudi authorities for his arrest. In June, 2011 he was arrested.Sources said over the next many weeks, detailed documentation, including his school leaving certificates and photographs, were collated to substantiate that Jundal was Indian. Around the end of 2011, Jundal confessed to Saudi authorities that he indeed was an Indian.Authorities also say the Saudis had indeed kept pushing India for the much longer extradition process as against deportation that India wanted. New Delhi had started documentation work for his extradition, but the sustained pressure from India and the US finally led to the Saudis agreeing to Jundal's deportation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14557835", "title": "Madhya Pradesh performing well in MNREGA", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh has been performing well in MNREGA implementation. As per the union government's latest quarterly delivery monitoring unit (DMU) report, Madhya Pradesh has performed better than several other states and is in top-10 states in five categories. Not only maximum number of villagers has been provided employment in the state with successful implementation of Mahatma Gandhi NREGA, but permanent livelihood sources have also been created. Payment of Rs. 120 per day is being made on an average to the labourers. Payment of wages is made on the basis of quantum of work.DMU report is prepared on the basis of quarterly review of planning commission of India. As per the report for the period from January to March 2012, Madhya Pradesh retained its place in top-10 states in five of seven categories. As per the report, Madhya Pradesh stands third in total expenditure under MNREGA, fifth in the number of families completing 100-day labour, sixth in making employment available to families and tenth in generation of scheduled caste man-days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14550995", "title": "Arjun Bijlani &amp; Mouni Roy to romance each other", "text": "Here is some good news for the fans of the handsome and dashing Arjun Bijlani and bong beauty Mouni Roy.Arjun, who rose to fame with Star One's 'Miley Jab Hum Tum' and Mouni Roy, who enthralled the audiences as Sati in 'Mahadev', will soon be seen romancing each other. Yes, you read it right. The talented actors will team up to romance one another but not for the small screen instead they will seen in a music album together.Arjun and Mouni will feature in a music video, Tu Meri Jaan , and the songs from the album have been sung by talented new comer Swati Sharma from Delhi.The shooting for the song will take place today. When contacted, Mouni Roy said, \"I am doing a music video for the first time and I am very happy to be a part of it. It is refreshing to do a light romantic music album after a performance oriented role like Sati.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14555626", "title": "I feel Cheated: Abhishek Malik", "text": "Abhishek Malik who debuted with 24 Frames' Chhal - Sheh Aur Maat feels let down.The actor, whose track has ended on the show, feels he was ousted from Chhal halfway. A hurt Abhishek feels this was totally unexpected, \"Although it's been a good experience, I feel cheated. This was not expected. I have signed a contract with them. I was supposed to shoot for 25 days for my role, but in 10 days itself we would wrap up. I would keep asking when would I shoot again, but no one was clear about it. I even had a word with the director. But no one had any idea\".Abhishek further adds, \"I was told my track is going to take time to come. This is just not done. I was given a lot of publicity. I was used in all the promotions and then my character was chopped from the show\". However, Abhishek ends on a philosophical note, \"It's a part of life. It's ok\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14540749", "title": "Timetable ready, but wait for trains continues", "text": "COIMBATORE: The new railway timetable has brought cheer to Coimbatore as the city will be better connected with the rest of the country. The Rajasthani community in the city is the happiest since their long-pending dream of a train to Bikaner has got materialized. The weekly air-conditioned express train from Coimbatore to Bikaner would travel on the Konkan line.It is the first train from Coimbatore that will run on the Konkan line. It will pass through Kozhikode, Kannur, Mangalore, Vasco da Gama, Roha, Vasai Road, Ahmedabad and Jodhpur, all important trade and tourist destinations. As per the timetable, the train will leave Bikaner at 5.50am on Thursdays and reach Coimbatore at 2.50am on Saturdays. On return, the train will leave Coimbatore at 15.20pm on Saturdays and reach Bikaner at 12.25 hours on Mondays.\"I have not visited my native Pokhran, Rajasthan, in seven years because of the absence of a direct train. To get to Jodhpur or Bikaner, I have to take three trains . I will definitely visit my native town once the direct train starts functioning,\" says Kishore Golecha Jain, a businessman from Rajasthan, who was born in Ooty and brought up in Coimbatore.The Yeshwantpur-Kochuveli Weekly Express will also be operated via Coimbatore on Thursdays and it would return on Fridays. The Tirunelveli-Dadar Weekly Express would also run on the Konkan track and would pass through Coimbatore on Wednesdays. On return, it will arrive in Coimbatore on Saturday. Extension of Coimbatore-Erode MEMU to Salem and Palakkad-Mangalore intercity express to Coimbatore will also benefit city residents.Chennai Central-Mangalore Express via Coimbatore is set to become a daily train and Chennai-Alappuzha Express will hereafter pass through Coimbatore junction. The city will also have a direct weekly train to Puducherry, which would connect the city to Cuddalore and Villupuram. The Thiruvananthapuram-Mumbai CST weekly express is also going to be rerouted through Coimbatore. \"We were able to gain a lot though some demands are yet to materialise. Regularisation of Rameswaram summer special is our next priority,'' says P R Natarajan, Coimbatore MP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14540455", "title": "Man hurts woman\u2019s \u2018modesty\u2019, convicted", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man has been convicted by a trial court for \"insulting the modesty\" of a woman by making calls on her cellphone and uttering \"obscene words\".The court, however, sentenced him to the period already spent by him in jail during the trial. Metropolitan magistrate Kiran Gupta had convicted the man, a native of Andhra Pradesh , after a woman deposed before the court that he called her repeatedly in 2008 and harassed her by using \"obscene and filthy words\".Keeping in view that Raj Kumar Yadav had remained in jail for around four months, the court sentenced him to a period already undergone by him in prison.\"Considering the age of the accused, his mental condition and the fact that he is in judicial custody since March 3, 2012, and that he had remained in judicial custody earlier also from September 2, 2008 to September 29, 2008, the accused is released on the period already undergone,\" it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14538145", "title": "Answer sheets of board exams reduced to ashes", "text": "VARANASI: Thousands of answer sheets of class XII of the recently held UP Board examination 2012 were reduced to ashes when fire caught in a room of senior secondary school located inside the LT College premises under Cantonment police station at wee hours on Saturday.The fire fighters struggled till late afternoon to extinguish the fire. The board officials lodged an FIR against unidentified anti-social elements in this connection and assured that the students seeking scrutiny of any paper would not suffer due to this incident as alternatives would be prescribed for the betterment of their results.According to reports, after the completion of evaluation of the answer sheets of UP Board's intermediate examination and announcement of results lakhs of answer sheets were dumped in different rooms of the senior secondary school on LT College campus. This campus is located behind the offices of deputy secretary (administration) UP Board, Nandlal Singh, Basic Education Officer and also the police lines.It is suspected that some anti-social elements broke into the school premises after mid-night and after consuming liquor and smoking they set one of the same rooms on fire. The empty bottle of liquor, packets of snacks and cigarette were thrown near the same room. A constable of police lines noticed thick fumes above the LT College campus after, which he alerted the senior officials.Singh admitted that it is a big loss before the beginning of scrutiny process, which is opted by many students who remain dissatisfied with the marks. The same answer sheets are re-evaluated when the students concerned fill the form of scrutiny. He said that the senior board officials have been apprised of the incident and alternatives would be prescribed to ensure that students do not suffer due to this incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14536211", "title": "CA\u2019s involvement in Dilip Buildcon flayed", "text": "INDORE: The chartered accountants (CAs) practising in Indore city and around have flayed and termed the alleged involvement of a CA firm in handling hawala transaction for industrialist Dilip Suryavanshi's company - Dilip Buildcon as unfortunate. The code of ethics for chartered accountants is very strict and if the allegations are correct it is a serious matter, say the CAs.The CAs, who are here on the sidelines of the national conference of CAs, organised by continuing professional education committee of institute of chartered accountants of India (ICAI) and Indore branch of central India regional council (CIRC) shared their views on the issue with TOI. Followings search operations on Suryavanshi and his associates, the I-T officials opened four lockers in various banks of the city owned by the CA, Sanjay Mehta, who is associated with the company, owned by Suryavanshi.The CAs felt that though it was too early to comment on the issue as a section of them feel that the I-T department had unnecessarily dragged the name of the CA while the investigation was at a primary stage. There are 1800 CAs working in Indore at present and 800 out of them are in service.Jaydeep Shah, president of ICAI said, \"There are 2 lakh CAs practising in the country as of now, hence we are working hard to maintain disciplinary and regulatory features attached to the profession\".Similarly, Anjani K Trivedi, a practising CA said that CAs act as a service provider to the client. Hence, exceptions can never be generalised on the profession as most are sincere and dedicated to their work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14541859", "title": "Lucknow division gets 4 new trains in revamped rail timetable", "text": "LUCKNOW: As announced in the Rail Budget 2012-13, train number 12353/12354 Howrah-Lalkuan Express has come into operation. The weekly train had its inaugural run from Howrah on Saturday as special train number 03053/03054. In the return direction, it will run from Lalkuan on Sunday. The train will resume its regular run, as announced in the new Railway timetable (coming into effect on July 1), from July 6 from Howrah and from July 7 from Lalkuan, as train number 12353/12354.The train will run from Howrah on Friday and from Lalkuan on Saturday. It will have commercial stoppages at Bardhman, Durgapur, Asansol, Dhanbad, Gaya, Mughalsarai, Dehri on Sone, Varanasi, Pratapgarh, Rae Bareli, Lucknow, Bareilly, Rampur, Rudrapur city. The train 12353 will depart from Howrah at 08.20 a.m. In the return direction, train 12354 will depart from Lalkuan at 6.35 p.m. The train 12353 will reach Lucknow at 01.20 a.m. and train number 12354 will reach Lucknow at 01.15 a.m. The train will have 14 coaches: One 2-AC coach, two 3-AC coaches, seven sleeper coaches, two general class coaches and two SLR vans.Apart, from these there are three new trains, which will come into operation in Lucknow division, this year. Train number 19409/19410, will be the new weekly train between Ahmedabad and Gorakhpur. The train 19409 will depart from Ahmedabad at 11.35 a.m. In the return direction, train number 19410 will depart from Gorakhpur at 04.05 a.m. The train will run from Ahmedabad on Friday and from Gorakhpur on Sunday.The stoppages of the train, in the state, will be at Mathura, Hathras Jn., Sikandra Road, Kasganj Jn., Kannauj, Farrukhabad, Anwarganj, Kanpur, Lucknow and Barabanki. The train will have 18 coaches. It will have one 2-AC coach, one 3-AC coach, seven sleeper coaches, six general class coaches and two SLR vans. The date of introduction of the train has not been decided so far.Another new train is train number 15113/15114 Chhapra-Lucknow Jn. tri-weekly Express. The train will run from Chhapra on Tuesday, Thursday and Sunday and from Lucknow Jn. on Wednesday, Friday and Monday. The train will have stoppages at Masrakh, Padrauna, Thawe, Kaptanganj, Tamkuhi Road, Gorakhpur, Basti, Gonda, Mankapur, Badshahnagar and Barabanki. The train will depart from Chhapra at 18:30 hrs and from Lucknow Jn. at 20:25 hrs. The date of introduction has still not been announced.Another new train, new daily Intercity Express train between Chhapra and Manduadih, is train number 15111/15112. The train will pass through Mau and Varanasi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14530309", "title": "Smartphone review: HTC One V", "text": "NEW DELHI: For the One V, HTC chose to go with unibody metal construction, which not only makes the phone sturdier but also makes it look much better than the usual glossy phones.Taking a cue from the design of the HTC Hero and Legend, the One V also has a pronounced lip. The battery is not user removable while the SIM and microSD slot are under a small slide-out cover on the lower half of the device.Up front you have a beautiful 3.7-inch display with excellent touch response and sharp output \u2014 quite like the more expensive HTC One X. In fact, the One V also has the same Sense 4.0 interface as the One X, which, in our opinion, is one of the best user interfaces for Android.Where performance is concerned, the One V is great for day-to-day use, but it isn't meant for power users and serious multi-taskers. We felt a slight sluggishness creep in when a lot of apps were running in the background \u2014 a common issue with many Android smartphones with 512MB RAM. Also, out of the built in 4GB storage, only 1GB is user accessible. Multimedia audio output is fantastic thanks to the integrated Beats Audio technology.The 5MP shooter on the rear takes beautiful images in daytime as well as in low light situations. Because it has a similar camera interface as the One X, the One V is also capable of shooting images quickly in burst mode, simultaneously shooting images and videos and has many photo effects to play around with. Video recording is top notch as well and can be done at 720p HD resolution.The 1500mAh battery lasts just a day, similar to most other Android smartphones Overall, HTC's One V is a great option if you are looking for a sub Rs 20,000 smartphone. It scores on looks, build quality, display, multimedia performance and camera quality. For about the same price, you can consider LG's Optimus L7 (Rs 19,000) that runs Android 4.0 on a similar hardware but offers a larger 4.3-inch display, NFC connectivity, front camera and a larger 1700mAh battery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14539757", "title": "Garbage dump has residents up in arms", "text": "BANGALORE: The villagers of Mavallipura are in agitation mode. Alleging that groundwater table in their village has been polluted by a garbage dump, they staged a protest against BBMP on Saturday.A landfill managed by a private firm near the village receives garbage carried by over 120 trucks from the city every day. For the past 10 days, the villagers have not allowed a single truck to enter the village and dump garbage.They alleged that recent deaths in the village were due to the unhygienic conditions created by the unscientific landfill. The protesting villagers also met mayor D Venkatesh Murthy and asked him to scrap the agreement BBMP had entered into with the private firm for solid waste management.The mayor told the villagers that medical help will be provided to those suffering from diseases. He also assured them of providing drinking water supply. \"I will inspect the landfill on July 7 and take necessary action,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14548795", "title": "Sharad Yadav hits out at APJ Abdul Kalam for Sonia comments in book", "text": "NEW DELHI: JD(U) president Sharad Yadav on Sunday hit out at former president APJ Abdul Kalam for his comments that he was ready to appoint Sonia Gandhi as prime minister in 2004 despite intense lobbying against her.Yadav, who is also the NDA convenor, said \"his (Kalam's) conscience has woken up late. It is for self-aggrandisement. We used to respect him a lot but now are very saddened after such comments\".The JD(U) chief's comments against Kalam, who was made president during NDA regime, came after the former President revealed in a book that he was ready to swear in Sonia Gandhi as Prime Minister in 2004 without any hesitation even as there was intense political opposition from some quarters on the issue of her foreign origin.In his book \" Turning Points\", Kalam also suggested that former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee was not keen about his visit to Gujarat following the riots there in 2002.Kalam's remark has given the Congress an occasion to question Vajpayee's commitment to 'Rajdharma' which the former Prime Minister is learnt to have advised Narendra Modi to follow in Gujarat.Yadav questioned as to why Kalam remained silent for eight years even as \"wild rumours and gossips\" went on in the political space.Yadav said, \"constitutional head should speak out the truth when it is required. Talking of conscience when it suits you does not matter. Gandhiji used to speak according to his conscience immediately. Why did he (Kalam) kill his conscience then\".The JD(U) chief also sought to know the reason for speaking out truth eight years after the event unfolded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "14554558", "title": "Pak college's editorial board dissolved over blasphemy row", "text": "LAHORE: Pakistan's first arts college's editorial board has been dissolved and two other departments have been closed, weeks after the institution's annual journal was accused of publishing material that supported homosexuality and ridiculed Islamic values.The architecture and research and publication departments of the National College of Arts in Lahore have been closed while the director for research and publication, Sarosh Irfani, has been suspended.Following complaints about the inclusion of some paintings and a feature in the annual journal \"Sohbat\", the college's editorial board too has been dissolved.The principal of the NCA, Sajjad Kausar, and some other staff are facing charges of blasphemy, official sources said.With extremist and hardline religious parties, including the Jamaat-ud-Dawah, calling for stringent action against those responsible for publishing \"blasphemous materials\" in the journal, the college's administration, including the principal, are feeling insecure, the sources said.\"I have dissolved the editorial board, closed down the research and publication and architecture wings and suspended the director for research and publication,\" Kausar told reporters.He said a ban had been imposed on the publication of Sohbat for an indefinite period.\"A four-member committee has been constituted to thoroughly investigate the matter and submit its report to the board of directors of the college,\" he said.Strict action will be taken against those responsible for \"such gross negligence,\" Kausar said.Senior JuD leader Amir Hamza, in a statement, sought strict legal action against those responsible for publishing \"blasphemous materials\" in the college journal.A group of college students organised a protest against the writers and publishers of the magazine.A lawyer named Mumtaz Ahmad filed a petition in a local sessions court which argued that the college's principal and other members of its administration were liable to be prosecuted.He said an FIR should be registered under the blasphemy law and the anti-terrorism Act for publishing the \"blasphemous\" material.Acting on Ahmad's petition, additional district and sessions Judge Sajjad Ahmed directed the chief of Old Anarkali police station to act in accordance with law against the administration of the NCA.However, police have not yet registered an FIR against the respondents.\"We are examining the legal aspects before we decide on registering a case against the respondents (the NCA principal and other staff),\" said a police officer who did not want to be named.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14538090", "title": "40% streetlights in Ambad Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation non-functional", "text": "NASHIK: Around 40%of the streetlights in the Ambad industrial areas of Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) are non-operational. This has led to increasing cases of theft in the area, after dark, said members of Ambad Industries &amp; Manufacturer's Association (AIMA).An AIMA delegation had visited various parts of Ambad MIDC during night hours when they discovered the problem. Lights were non-functional along the road from Art Rubber to Entrol industry road near Recreation Centre; along the road from G P Electronics to Abelin Polymers and in sectors B, C, D, E, F, G, H, L and W.Suresh Mali, president, AIMA, said, \"There are close to 1,200 street-lights in Ambad MIDC, of which around 470 street-lights are non-functional The lights are temporarily repaired, but there is no continual maintenance by the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC). After repairs, the lights go non-functional within four-five days. The problem worsens during the monsoon. Moreover, there are only two employees who look after repair works in industrial areas, but they also have o oversee issues in the nearby suburbs and can't pay full attention to Ambad MIDC. We have urged the NMC to increase the numbers of employees in the area as well, \" Mali said.He added that they met with officials from the electricity department and have been assured that the problem would be fixed soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14536415", "title": "Collem ore slag slips, halts trains", "text": "MARGAO: Several trains on the South-Western route were delayed for almost four hours on Saturday afternoon, after rains caused mineral ore slag to run onto the tracks at Ambewado in Sanguem taluka.Sources said the slag, stacked a few metres from the tracks, belongs to a sponge iron plant.They added that railway authorities, with the help of machinery provided by mining firms in the vicinity, cleared about 12 truckloads-120 tonnes-of mud from the tracks.No offence has been registered against anyone yet as a complaint is still to be filed, said Curchorem police.Mines director Prasanna Acharya told STOI, \"I will ask my staff to check if the lease holders come under the purview of the state government or central government. We will have to see if it (stack) is legal and accordingly action can be taken if required.\"The Vasco-bound Chennai Express was the first to be affected by the incident. Expected to reach the port town station by 1pm, it reached at 4.45pm. The Kullem-Vasco passenger train too arrived at 4.15pm, over two hours late. Amravati Express (from Howrah) reached three hours late at 6pm.As the Chennai Express had been halted at Collem-Ambewado is between Kalay and Collem railway stations-passengers were seen getting off the train, walking to the road nearby and making transport arrangements. Railway sources said, \"In the monsoon, landslides are common. This was a minor one, so it was cleared soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14541142", "title": "Ludhiana takes to a breathing cult", "text": "LUDHIANA: The white cushioned mattresses have been put on the floor. There are warm scents of velvety roses, fruits, orris, nasturtium, clover and a bit of oil. Thirty-year-old homemaker Samita Munjal and a motley group of avant-garde men and women lie down and look relaxed. Together, they inhale deep and exhale powerfully. They have gathered here to empower themselves through a process called rebirthing-breathwork.Spiritual gurus across the world define this technique as a therapy to free the body from blockages resulting from traumatic or suppressed emotions such as anger, fear and sadness. Another definition dubs it as a scientific procedure to reveal the latent pristine state of body and consciousness experienced before birth by humans.\"This is a spiritual awakening through breath meditation. Breath is symbolic of soul. Soul's home is source and source is Almighty. Is that simple enough to understand,\" asks Samita. The sessions are loosely based on the philosophies of American spiritual writer Leonard Orr and usually involve a rebirther. For Samita, it was her quest for fulfilment of her potential as a human being that led to the hunt for this technique when she found her rebirther master Minood from Kerala in 2009.From a hydrophobic, disconsolate woman, she has turned into a cheerful swimmer, a devoted mother and an urbane homemaker wife. There is hardly a hint of bashfulness or any abandon in her. In stead, Samita looks like a lady with poise, gravitas and assuredness.The experience is equally gratifying and stimulating for her friend Monal Sareen. Two years ago, the sudden death of Monal's mother from cancer had left her disillusioned.\"I had a feeling of discontentment for a long time after my mother's death. I kept looking for someone to fill that gap even after marriage until I found this cleansing process for venting emotions. I have just had a baby and things look so balanced,\" says Monal. For most people who come to these sessions, the issues in life range from those involving family and romantic relationships to career and money. Many of them face difficulty with the first sessions as they tend to be the most dramatic.During the first session, the rebirther has to guide the person's breathing pattern, paying close attention to any deviations of breath. The seeker breathes in this way for approximately one hour.There are men also who religiously participate in these sessions. Thrice a week, they collect at a place and meditate for 45 minutes. \"We meditate, we see colours...it's so vivid, the patterns of life being bridged by the unconscious and the conscious,\" says Deepkia Nayar, who has been part of this new cult in Ludhiana along with her husband.Once every quarter, led by Samita this group heads off to a retreat with their master or rebirther to undergo a therapy to shake off stress. There have been retreats in Solan, Kanatal and similar hill destinations because the seekers believe they are \"conducive to garnering spiritual energy.\"There are even visits arranged to Sikh and Hindu shrines. Most of them have already begun to look liberated and freed. But then, there are day-to-day pursuits also like trudging to a mall or wine-and-cheese dinner at the end of the month. \"Spirituality is not synonymous with frugality. We love our luxuries. So here the quest continues,\" they say in unison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "bikaner", "code": "14540932", "title": "Tension in Bikaner after man stabbed to death", "text": "BIKANER: Traffic came to a standstill for about five hours on Saturday due to road-block by relatives and supporters of Ismail Khan, who was brutally killed. The protesters were demanding immediate arrest of Tejuram, Tolaram, Chhailu Singh and Bhagirath who allegedly killed Khan in a reported act of revenge.A few days ago, Khan had a fight with Tejaram and Chhailu Singh on an issue relating to a molestation case of a woman of their Shobhasar family. Khan's family members claimed that he was killed by Tejaram and Chhailu Singh along with their two accomplices as an act of revenge for opposing the molestation.Late on Friday evening when Khan was returning home in an auto-rickshaw, the accused came after him in a taxi. When they reached BSTC College, the taxi overtook the autorickshaw and Khan was forcefully pulled out by five to six persons. However, Khan broke away from them and started to run. The culprits caught up with him again and stabbed him several times with sharp knives. Later, they fled in the taxi leaving Khan in a pool of blood. Khan died on the spot.On being informed, Bichhwal police station SHO Ashok Vishnoi and other officers rushed to the spot and issued a message to all police check-posts to stop the taxi.The accused have so far managed to stay out of the police dragnet.During Saturday's protest, the roads were blocked by burning tyres and stones at PBM hospital road, Museum Circle,Gogagate, Pugal road areas here. Parts of NH-11 and NH-15 were also blocked.Meanwhile, family members of Khan initially refused to take his body till all the accused are arrested. But after the intervention of senior police and district administration officials, the body was handed over to the family members for funeral.SP Rakesh Saxena and other police officers rushed to PBM hospital where the body of Ismail Khan was kept in its mortuary after postmortem. Zila pramukh Rameshwar Dudi, UIT chairman Maksood Ahmed and other local political leaders were also there to pacify the protesters.Various rounds of talks have taken place between the family members, senior members of minority community, political leaders and police, administrative officers for maintaining peace and harmony in the area.The aggrieved family members alleged that due to inactiveness of police, all the accused are still roaming freely.State home minister Virendra Beniwal has also instructed police to arrest the culprits immediately and take action on the case in a speedy manner. Beniwal personally contacted SP Rakesh Saxena and took details about the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14553167", "title": "Weight loss can boost low testosterone levels", "text": "Weight loss can reduce the prevalence of low testosterone levels in overweight, middle-aged men with prediabetes by almost 50 per cent, a new study has found.The new study involved nearly 900 men with prediabetes, also called impaired glucose tolerance, who had participated in the Diabetes Prevention Program.\"Doctors should first encourage overweight men with low testosterone levels to try to lose weight through diet and exercise before resorting to testosterone therapy to raise their hormone levels,\" Frances Hayes, co-author of the study from St. Vincent's University Hospital, Dublin, said.That now-completed U.S. study showed that people at high risk of Type 2 diabetes could delay or avoid developing the disease through weight loss.Since overweight men are more likely to have low testosterone levels, Hayes and her colleagues studied the effect of weight loss on men's testosterone levels.The investigators excluded men from the study who had a known diagnosis of hypogonadism or were taking medications that could interfere with testosterone levels.Hypogonadism is a condition characterized by low testosterone levels with symptoms of male hormone deficiency. Symptoms can include reduced sex drive, poor erections, enlarged breasts and low sperm counts.The study population had 891 middle-aged men, with an average age of 54 years. The men were randomly assigned to receive one of three treatments - 293 men to lifestyle modification, 305 to the diabetes drug metformin and 293 to inactive placebo pills.Lifestyle modifications consisted of exercising for 150 minutes a week and eating less fat and fewer calories.Hayes said the results showed that low testosterone levels are common in overweight men with prediabetes.At the beginning of the study, nearly one in four men had low testosterone levels, considered to be below 300 nanograms per deciliter.With lifestyle modification, the prevalence of low testosterone levels decreased from about 20 percent to 11 per cent after one year, a 46 per cent decrease, the authors reported.The prevalence of low testosterone was unchanged in the metformin group (24.8 versus 23.8 per cent) and the placebo group (25.6 versus 24.6 per cent).According to the abstract, men in the lifestyle modification group lost an average of about 17 pounds (7.8 kilograms) over the one-year study.The increase in testosterone levels in that group correlated with decreasing body weight and waist size.\"Losing weight not only reduces the risk of prediabetic men progressing to diabetes but also appears to increase their body's production of testosterone,\" Hayes said.The findings of the study will be presented on Monday at The Endocrine Society's 94th Annual Meeting in Houston.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14539249", "title": "Gurgaon-Faridabad toll road faces traffic jams for second day", "text": "GURGAON: Motorists on the new Gurgaon-Faridabad toll road continued to suffer traffic jams for the second day on Saturday due to tardy toll collection.On Friday, the toll gate had a kilometre-long traffic jam which became manageable during the peak hours. The road is a first-of-its-kind project developed on a \"Built-Operate-Transfer\" model undertaken by the Public Works Department (Building and Roads) of the Haryana government.The 25-km-long, four-lane road was meant to shorten the travel time between Faridabad and Gurgaon and other tourist destinations like Badhkal lake, Surajkund Craft Fair, Damdama lake and the Sohna tourist complex. The state government had given the project to Reliance Infra which is operating the toll road.Officials of the PWD admitted that there has been a traffic congestion on the road but claimed that the problem would be sorted out shortly. Incidentally, for the commuters coming from Faridabad to IGI Airport, using the new road will end up paying toll twice \u2014 first on the Gurgaon-Faridabad road and then at the IGI toll plaza.At present, the toll tax for car users is Rs 15 per trip while the user fee is higher in case of other category vehicles like trucks and buses. The toll is collected individually from vehicle owners and there is no provision for monthly passes or tags. All the facilities will be in place soon and commuters will not face any problem, said the official.The corridor also provides swift connectivity to those coming from IGI Airport or Jaipur and heading towards tourist spots like Agra, Mathura and Vrindavan.According to conservative estimates, the toll road will witness 30,000 vehicles per day and given the response on day 1, the number is bound to go up drastically in the coming months, said officials. The corridor begins from Sikanderpur in Gurgaon and ends at the Pali-Bhakri road junction in Faridabad.The stretch includes 6km of a municipal road in Faridabad and 3km of a crusher-zone road. The entire drive is fraught with steep turns and sharp bends.To ensure safety 24x7, ambulance services have been deployed on the toll road apart from the round-the-clock patrolling teams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14553531", "title": "Yeddyurappa camp sets July 5 deadline for leadership change in Karnataka", "text": "BANGALORE: The rebel B S Yeddyurappa faction in Karnataka on Sunday sought to mount pressure on the BJP central leadership by setting July 5 deadline for a decision on making their nominee Jagadish Shettar the chief minister after replacing incumbent DV Sadananda Gowda.Lok Sabha members from the state, MLAs and MLCs supporting Yeddyurappa met at the residence of Shettar and rallied behind him in a show of strength, a day after BJP emissary Dharmendra Pradhan held consultations with rival factions to resolve the crisis triggered by the resignation of nine ministers loyal to the former chief minister.\"We have unanimously decided to appeal to the high-command to make Shettar the chief minister\", Raju Gowda, who was among the nine ministers, told reporters, while speaking for the group.\"We are confident that a good decision will come by July 5. If it does not come (by then), we will meet and take an important decision on July 5\", he added.The attendees decided to authorise Yeddyurappa and Shettar to take a decision on political developments and abide by it.They appealed to the party high-command to convene the Legislature Party meeting. Raju Gowda said if it was not done, legislators loyal to Yeddyurappa themselves would convene one.He claimed that more than 55 MLAs, 15 MLCs and eight MPs attended the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14555837", "title": "Isro to build third launchpad at Sriharikota", "text": "NEW DELHI: With plans for 60 missions over the next five years, Isro will develop a third launchpad at its spaceport at Sriharikota in Andhra Pradesh to meet the growing demand.\"We are planning to have a third launchpad at Sriharikota to cater to our future missions,\" Indian Space Research Organisation (Isro) chairman K Radhakrishnan said.He said the new launchpad would help Isro augment the frequency of missions, which was necessary to meet its ambitious targets.\"We plan to launch 24 missions over the next 24 months, which include our communication satellites and some foreign payloads,\" he said, adding that over a five year period, the space agency has plans to launch 60 missions.The new pad could also be used for launching Geosynchronous Satellite Launch Vehicle Mark III (GSLV Mk-III) carrying heavier satellites as also by the reusable launch vehicle, India's own version of a space shuttle.It would include construction of a new vehicle assembly building, mobile pedestals, umbilical towers, emergency exits, ground escape system, crew ingress and egress systems, safety bunkers, material handling equipment and related electrical systems.It is also part of Isro's plan is to develop dedicated 'Space Park' next to the space port at Sriharikota.The new missions are necessary as there have been demands in the international market for Isro's Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle to launch foreign satellites.As Isro starts building a launch vehicle for its mission, a launchpad gets blocked for nearly two months till the launch of a satellite. With Isro setting a target of 24 missions in 24 months, more launchpads become a necessity.Besides communications satellites, Isro also has plans to launch Chandrayaan-II, the sequel to its successful moon mission, launch a satellite to study the Sun, send a probe to Mars and undertake a human spaceflight.On plans for developing another space port, Radhakrishnan said it was only at the stage of a feasibility study.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14539646", "title": "Karaoke nights perk up things for wannabe crooners", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Eating out is not just confined to food, drink and gossip, city residents are taking to spending weekends enjoying karaoke. And they are quite loving all the attention it brings. A Sector 17 cafe has been holding karaoke nights every Friday for past one year. \"Whatever reservations people have about performing in front of strangers vanish once they start with karaoke and eagerly await their turn to croon,\" says Bhagat Singh, owner of a cafe in Sector 17. \"And karaoke nights have been quite a hit with people,\" chirps Neha Singh, cafe's co-owner. She claims despite it being a weekday people wait to get a seat at the cafe.\"To begin with, I was prodded by my friends to karaoke. Now, I sing quite easily in public. Getting a standing applause from people you don't know is a great feeling. Though now I am friends with most of those who are regulars at the cafe, \" smiles Swati Mishra, a student of GCG, Sector 42.\"People don't just want to have food and go home. They dine out because they want to have fun. These small activities make them feel important,\" says Gandhi Thakur, manager of the cafe.Now more and more people are offering to sing and play instruments at events organized by cafes in Chandigarh. The idea behind it is to extend the experience beyond the usual sit and dine framework. \"It is also about creating a comfort zone, which is only possible if guests become part of an event. Karaoke, open mike and jam sessions on three days of the week serve the purpose well,\" says Vipul Dua, owner of a restaurant and bar in Sector 35.\"The first time I performed at a karaoke event was in December 2010. People enjoyed it and so did I. I have performed in cafes in sectors 6, 8 and 26. Now people recognize me and it feels like being a celebrity,\" gushes Manjusha Dhaliwal, a Chandigarh-based karaoke jockey.\"I am really glad that whenever I sing at karaoke nights I am appreciated and that gives me more confidence.The first time I sang I was quite nervous as I felt I am not good at singing but slowly I became more assured. It is a great motivation for even those who don't have a great voice,\" says Ranbir Singh Grewal, a resident of Sector 35.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14536009", "title": "Carmel School seeks more time to file reply to child rights panel", "text": "BHOPAL: Amidst controversy over a student attempting suicide, Carmel Convent principal failed to furnish the details demanded by the State Commission for Protection of Child Rights (SCPCR) on Saturday and sought more time to comply with the directions.While the school was asked to furnish a written reply to the commission by 3 PM, convent Principal Sr. Reji sent a letter informing that she was unwell and the details would be furnished in a couple of days.After a Class XI student identified as Shefali Sharma allegedly attempted suicide by consuming some poisonous substance on school premises, SCPCR had asked the school authorities to furnish details on matters like the attendance record of the student for the last two years and her mark sheet of the last five years. Besides, on the complaints against her, whether the parents of the girl were informed of them and also what corrective measures were taken by the school.Usha Chaturvedi, chairperson of SCPCR, said, \"Sr Reji sent a letter, which was received at 3 pm, stating that she was unwell. Hence she has requested for a couple of days' time. She would now send the reply by July 2.\"Student complains against fatherA student of Class XII, whose parents are embroiled in a marital dispute, complained to the SCPCR against her father that he had written a letter to her school authorities asking to cancel her admission on grounds of not taking his approval and also to return him the fees.The girl also appealed to the commission to help her return the school books, which he alleged took away. She also alleged that her father was allegedly subjecting her to character assassination.SCPCR chairperson Usha Chaturvedi said, \"The student's father has been told to return all her school books. Also the mother has been instructed to allow her daughter to speak to the father even though they are under separation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14553393", "title": "A Nostalgic Tollywood Nite", "text": "The do was attended by a galaxy of stars like Saritha, Kaikala Satyanarayana, Kavitha, Paruchuri Venkateswara Rao, Chalapathi Rao, BVSN Prasad, Ashwini Dutt and others.Sobhan Babu's son Karuna Seshu handed out mementos to veteran movie artistes. Madhavi Lata, Swetha Basu and Aksha enthralled the audience with their dance performances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14557708", "title": "77 dead in Assam floods, landslide;PM, Sonia to visit on Monday", "text": "GUWAHATI: With the current spell of floods and landslides claiming 77 lives in Assam , Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi are scheduled to visit the affected areas on Monday.An official today said that 61 people died in floods and 16 in landslides, while six persons were reported missing.The report said all the 27 districts have been affected by floods while landslides have occurred in three districts.It said the Brahmaputra and the Kapili rivers were flowing above danger level at various places.Meanwhile, the Prime Minister and the UPA chairperson are slated to visit the state tomorrow to take stock of the situation.Singh and Gandhi are expected to reach Jorhat by a special flight and conduct an aerial survey of Majuli island, which has suffered serious damage in the flood.From there, they will come to Guwahati and hold talks with ministers and senior state government officials, before returning to Delhi.The government report said 2,166 villages across 113 revenue circles in the state were hit and 19.37 lakh people affected.The National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) has been deployed in 16 areas and rescue operations are on in nine districts.Besides, seven teams of army personnel have been deployed in Barpeta, Dhemaji, Dima-Hasao, Sibsagar, Sonitpur and Tinsukia districts.Large segments of the Kaziranga National Park remained under water. In Pobitora Wildlife Sanctuary, 80 per cent of the area inhabited by rhinos is under water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14545562", "title": "Bombay HC directs police to file chargesheet against nephrologist P Ravichandran", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court slammed Dr P Ravichandran, accused in a allegedly nationwide kidney transplant racket, for having filed a separate petition in the Madras high court even while his petition in the same case was pending before it. The high court last week directed the Mumbai crime branch to \"forthwith\" file a chargesheet against Dr Ravichandran.The Bombay high court said it was \"appalled that, the Chennai-based nephrologist, Ravichandran had on one hand filed a petition for quashing a FIR registered in 2009 with the DB Marg police station and during its pendency proceeded to file another writ petition before the Madras high court in 2010 praying for a transfer of the same case. \"The DCB CID Unit -I assistant Police inspector Tukaram Dewoolkar was present in court last week when the bench of justices Ajay Khanwilkar and A R Joshi passed the order. The judges noted that the writ petition in Madras high court came to the notice of the police inspector.The police station on receipt of the showcause notice realised that a petition was filed in Madras high court in July 2011 but was not disclosed to Bombay high court.Instead, Ravichandran persuaded Bombay high court to issue a showcause notice on the writ petition filed before it. \"It is obvious that the petitioner has not approached this court with clean hands,\" the judges said in its order last week.The court directed the police to immediately file a chargesheet against accused Ravichandran and file its compliance report in court by July 3.The court seeing through the ploy of the litigant said, \"It is obvious that the attempt of the petitioner is to protract the filing of charge sheet before the concerned court, by the investigating officer. He has succeeded in that behalf till now.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14540040", "title": "Factional feud in Karnataka BJP intensifies", "text": "BANGALORE: The BJP high command's trouble-shooting mission in Karnataka ended on Saturday with a lot of rebel crossfire and uncertainty. Predictably, both the camps were heard but no decision was taken on a change in leadership. After speaking to the warring factions, BJP's Karnataka in-charge Dharmendra Pradhan said the party was inching towards an amicable solution.But with chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda preferring silence on Saturday and his predecessor B S Yeddyurappa remote-controlling the rebels, nobody is sure whether the solution will eventually be amicable. Certainly, dissidence will continue if the Yeddyurappa camp does not have its way, its key demand being Gowda's removal.Party sources told STOI that the BJP national parliamentary board (the party's supreme decision-making body comprising 12 members) is slated to meet this week to resolve the issue.During his day-long consultations with representatives of both factions, including chief minister Gowda and Yeddyurappa, Pradhan reportedly told them that they had to abide by the decision of the parliamentary board. \"This drama is no more about MLAs and ministers; the party will have to step in now.\"The dissidents had a litany of complaints against Gowda. Ministers Jagadish Shettar, Basavaraj Bommai and C M Udasi termed the CM as \"an agent of JD(S)\" who was protecting the interest of the opposition members. Pradhan later met Yeddyurappa separately at his residence.Shettar demanded a one-line answer from Pradhan: \"Will you change the leader or not?\"The chief minister's camp, on its part, demanded that the party should explain why a change in leadership was needed.The rebels alleged Gowda was using municipal administration minister Balachandra L Jarkiholi, who they alleged had cross-voted during the recent Council polls. This apart, the chargesheet against Gowda included that of ordering an inquiry against excise minister M P Renukacharya at the behest of JD(S) party worker.MP D B Chandre Gowda, ministers Govind M Karjol and S Suresh Kumar did most of the talking for Gowda. \"Gowda has done a good job. Caste cannot be the only criterion to replace him,\" Chandre Gowda told Pradhan.State BJP chief KS Eshwarappa too told Pradhan that the chief minister need not be removed and if he is indeed replaced, he should be considered.Speaking to mediapersons, Eshwarappa maintained that neither the CM will be changed nor the resignation of the 10 ministers will be accepted.Gowda, who was summoned to Raj Bhavan, is said to have told governor H R Bhardwaj that he was in possession of the resignation letters but was yet to take call on it. Asserting his authority, he said the legislature session would be convened on July 16.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "14541252", "title": "4 killed, 30 injured as bus overturns", "text": "PATIALA: Four persons were killed and 36 injured when driver of a Punjab roadways transport corporation (PRTC) bus lost control and the speeding vehicle overturned while hitting a roadside tree near Kauli village on Saturday. The driver is absconding.Sources said the bus was coming back from Chandigarh to Patiala around 2.30pm. As it reached near Kauli village, the driver tried to overtake another vehicle, causing the accident. Four passengers, including Jarnail Singh, Mohit Kumar, Parveen Kumar and another identified person, died on the spot. Sampuran Kaur, Tanveer, Santosh Kumari, Mukesh Kumar, Harpreet Kaur and Sukhwinder Singh were critically injured and referred to PGI. Around 30 passengers are under treatment in government hospital Patiala.Patiala deputy commissioner G K Singh, along with other officers, reached the spot and directed medical authorities for immediate action. Punjab CM has announced a grant of Rs 1 lakh for the family of each deceased while the injured will get Rs 25,000 for treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14549405", "title": "Our visas are stamped without fuss: Raga Boyz", "text": "They belong to one of the most distinguished classical music gharanas, the Patiala Gharana which has trained some of the biggest legends of classical music. And now the trio of brothers Nayab Ali Khan, Inam Ali Khan and Wali Hmaid Ali Khan who are the ninth generation of the Pataiala gharana have left their home in Pakistan to make roadways into Bollywood, Indian music and global sounds. Inam speaks on behalf of his brothers.Firstly the three of you are different kinds of musicians. How do you come together as band? Yes, we brothers are very different kinds of singers. Inam is a 19-year old pure hardcore classical singer. Nayab sings semi-classical. They are carrying the family legacy forward while I am into a more global sound. You can call me the rockstar of the group (laughs). But all three of us have been trained by our father Ustad Hamid Ali Khan. We were given the same training. And when we are on stage we complement one another. We need one another to feel complete. Other bands have a problem because the individual members crave their own fan following. But we three brothers don't wish to be known as individuals. But let me tell you, we quarrel a lot. We have a fan-following as a collective band.There's a lot of stress between India and Pakistan. How does it affect your frequent visits to India? We don't have to worry about whether we'll board that flight to India or not.Out visas are stamped without fuss because our forefathers have won 2 Bharat Ratna awards and 5 Padma Bhushans. And this stress that you mention is caused by some Pakistani entertainers. There was the foreign-exchange issue with Ustad Rahet Fateh Ali Khan. There are mistakes made by Pakistani artistes and their managers. For that we all have to suffer. But like I said we've faced no problems. Our father is considered a living legend of music in Pakistan.So we are not treated as musical upstarts.Do you feel welcome in India? Whenever we come here we feel at home. There isn't much difference between Pakistan and India. And the skills as musicians that we use there we use here also. India or Pakistan, the Patiala Gharana is what we are identified by. Our forefathers are buried in this country. When we come to sing on this land we feel we're coming home. As for what the politicians do, the common man in India and Pakistan has nothing to do with it. I wish the visa problems between the two countries are solved , so there can be more mutual exchange visits between the two countries.Are you now a frequent performer in India? In February, we performed for the first time in Mumbai. This and a concert we staged in Houston in 2007 were the scariest live show for us, even scarier than when we performed at the Radio City Hall in NY City. We had never seen so many thousands of people together. Yeah, we were nervous. We've also performed in Chandigarh, Amritsar and Patiala. We performed in 12 cities in China. Can you imagine, Pakistani Raga-Rock in China. It was in all-Chinese crowd. They seemed to be having fun.We never felt the language of the music to be so universal.You've just embarked on your Bollywood career? Yes with a song Man Qunto Maula in the film Maximum. We recorded the song last month. When Sonu Sood heard the song he asked us for it. We were very sure that whenever we enter Bollywood it would be not because the entertainment industry in Pakistan is in the doldrums but because we like what we're offered. Bollywood has taken over all the music channels in Pakistan. Every Pakistani artiste is so frustrated by the lack of opportunities that he craves to come to India for better prospects. We brothers were sure we'd come to Bollywood only when we were sure of what has been offered.What do you feel about your colleagues from Pakistan in Mumbai, like Ali Zafar? Ali is a very good singer. We had no clue he was an actor. We saw him act only when we came to India. He was recognized as an actor after Mere Brother Ki Dulhan.What do you think of some of your contemporaries? Our father has taught us to appreciate good music from any part of the world. We can't bear to hear mediocre musicians. Unfortunately we have those on both sides of the border. They've no talent. But they're successful. I don't know how! When they go live their weaknesses are on full display.Whom are you referring to? Both Indian and Pakistan artistes.Atif Aslam? (pauses) The youth run after him. That is a genre of singing that the young like. Here there's Himesh Reshammiya. He is not a singer. But a good music director. His singing attracted youngsters initially. We can't argue with success. But ask Lataji and the other musical legends about these successes of today. They'll tell you they can't follow what they're singing. Even we three brothers have to sometimes compromise and sing what we don't want to. In Pakistan, I had to sing a song for a television series. We couldn't look in the producers' eyes after singing it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "14536850", "title": "Housing society chairman thrashes man for trying to sell flat", "text": "KALYAN: A software professional working with an MNC was beaten up by four persons, including the chairman of his housing society in Thane, reportedly for not taking the chairman's permission before placing an advertisement to sell his flat.Besides being bruised, the victim, who had to be admitted to Jupiter Hospital, has fractured his left hand and received stitches on his head.The chairman, Bhagwan Khairnar (37) and three of his aides, Chabuji Nagre (42), Kamlesh Keswani (38) and Abhilash Aiyer (45) have been arrested.A software professional working with a MNC was assaulted for placing an advertisement to sell his flat without the permission of the housing society chairman. He has fractured his left hand, got stitches on his head and bruises on the body. He is in Jupiter hospital for further tests.Vinayak Iyer (30) stays in Madhav Sansar building at Khadakpada in Kalyan (W) with his parents. His complaint says four people including the society chairman attacked him in the housing complex.According to his police complaint, Iyer had recently decided to sell his 1BHK flat so that he could shift to a bigger apartment and accordingly, he started looking for a buyer. The housing society chairman, Bhagwan Khairnar, who also worked as a broker threatened Iyer that he should sell the flat only through him or he would not issue the no-objection certificate for the sale of his flat, the police said.But Iyer posted an advertisement for his flat on a property website on Friday. When Khairnar learnt about, he again threatened Iyer over phone, the complaint stated. At night, when Iyer returned home from work, around eight persons stopped him at the society gate and four of them started beating him up with sticks and belt, the complaint stated, which added that passersby did not even bother to rescue him.Later, Iyer's friend, who stays nearby, took him to the Mahatma Phule police station where he lodged a complaint and then, he was taken to Rukminibai hospital from he was shifted to Jupiter hospital. After the complaint was lodged, a police team was formed and senior inspector Sunil Patil was instrumental in tracing the accused. Deputy commissioner of police Manoj Patil said, \"We are looking into the extortion angle.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "once in a way a film comes along and elevates an actor to the next level. maximum is that film in sonu sood's career. in his 12 years in the movies, the six footer with an enviable physique has worked with some mainstream pashas", "code": "14527647", "title": "Sonu Sood is excited to play Dawood Ibrahim", "text": "Once in a way a film comes along and elevates an actor to the next level. Maximum is that film in Sonu Sood's career. In his 12 years in the movies, the six footer with an enviable physique has worked with some mainstream pashas: Yuva ( Mani Ratnam ); Jodhaa Akbar (Ashutosh Gowariker); Singh is Kingg (Anees Bazmee); Dabangg (Abhinav Kashyap). But no other role he's done can quite match up to the intensity of his Pratap Pandit, a power-hungry encounter specialist modelled on the incarcerated cop Pradeep Sharma.Naturally the 39-year-old actor is elated. Between radio interviews and a family lunch break, the actor talks about how he's finally got a shot at some memorable roles.One heard you are so happy with the praise you got for Maximum that you returned Kabeer Kaushik's cheque? Yes, I did. It's a gesture of gratitude. I waited 12 years for a film like this one. And since I was very happy with what I saw, I didn't want a fee for it. He had given me something far more valuable than money.Is it also true that Pradeep Sharma's family came up and complimented you? Before I started shooting Maximum, I had followed Pradeep Sharma's life through the media. Actually Kabeer's script was very well researched. He had tweaked it 52 times before he brought it to me. So in a sense the screen characters felt very life-like. But I hadn't met him. Two nights ago his parents, wife and two daughters came to the film screening.Post the screening, I got a hug from the family, who were moved with my performance and my portrayal of the character modelled to some extent on their father.A mainstream reviewer called it your Dabangg? This is not my Dabangg. Dabangg was Salman Khan (Chulbul Pandey's) film; not to forget I had a memorable role (Cheddi Singh) in it. I would say Maximum is my Zanjeer. I'm hoping it gets me recognition as an actor.Like Rajinikanth , Chiranjeevi, Vinod Khanna , Shatrughan Sinha and Manoj Bajpayee, you've chosen to be a villain first and a hero later . Not everyone's career goes according to their choices. I'm too humbled because you've taken the names of some legends here. But yes, I knew that for a small time guy from Moga Punjab to get a break as a hero would be near impossible. Unless you're very lucky, the audience is not ready to see an actor till they get familiar with his face. Once that happens then the transition from villain to hero happens quite smoothly. I started with character roles, moved to playing the high-profile villain and finally after a decade, I got a shot at being a hero.But you're still not in the straight hero mould. First you played the notorious Pradeep Sharma and next you're doing Dawood Ibrahim in Shootout At Wadala. What can I say? Both are two sides of the same coin. When you research about the cops, you get familiar with the underworld. All I can say is I'm as excited about playing Dawood as I was about playing a cop.Is it time to rest on your laurels? Or like all actors you want to be in that elusive 100-cr club. (Laughs) My Dabangg with Salman Khan is already in that club. For me as a leading man ,the journey has just begun. I can tell you it has been a tough 12 years to get here. I've made many sacrifices. Like most strugglers who come to Mumbai, I too stood at the promenade near Juhu Beach and vowed one day I will have a hoarding there. That is now a reality. But the waiting period seemed endless. Post Jodhaa Akbar and Dabangg , I've refused around 25 Bollywood films because I wanted something substantial in Hindi. I'm fortunate that I have a good career going in the south. That has kept me afloat and paid for my lifestyle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14558983", "title": "Chris Brown gets new tattoo on neck", "text": "Chris Brown has found an empty spot on his body that wasn't inked up and got a new piece done on the side of his neck.The singer has exhibited his love for tattoos on earlier occasions by extensively getting his body inked.Brown hit up Black Banditz on Melrose on April night to get the work done by Peter Koskela, TMZ reported.The new described was described as \"an Indian chief transforming into a wolf\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "le castellet", "code": "14535090", "title": "Tough day out for Aditya Patel", "text": "LE CASTELLET: The village of Le Castellet in the south-east of France was buzzing with excitement with the Blancpain Endurance series taking place in its backyard.Over 1,000 people of all ages turned up at the Paul Ricard circuit - the second stop for the JK Racing Asia Series, which is being held here as a support race.Malaysia's Afiq Yazid took pole position on Saturday for Meritus GP with a timing of 2.15.474 minutes, just 0.119 seconds ahead of South Africa's Aston Hare, the rookie driver for 2011 champion team Euro International. A further 0.131 seconds behind for Sunday's race was Nabil Jeffri of Euro International, who took the honours in JK Racing series Round One in Kuala Lumpur earlier this year.India's Aditya Patel, who will take part in Sunday's race as a guest driver for Euro International, qualified in ninth place with a timing of 2.17.696 after a tough day out. \"I made a mistake on the last corner, which was a second gear corner. That took a few seconds off my time as I was hoping to improve from my seventh position which I managed to achieve in the first practice session,\" Patel told TOI after the qualifying session on Saturday.\"The difference between the top five teams is still just 1.3 second. If I can manage to get a few things right, I can end up in the top five - which will be a great result,\" the 23-year-old said.Patel, who became the first Indian to drive in the 24 hrs Nurburgring race, is happy to return to Europe. \"This is definitely a new challenge - both physically and mentally. Although I have driven in touring cars, it was difficult adapting to these cars. Still I was happy with a seventh position after the first practice session here,\" Patel said.The Chennai driver began racing 12 years back and was the JK Tyre junior national karting champion in a year's time. He is delighted by the opportunity provided by his sponsors JK Tyres. \"It is a very demanding circuit considering the fact that is a test circuit. It has fast corners, slow corners and a long corner - the last of which has been very tough for me as it is a very physically demanding car.\"To race here is a huge opportunity. There are four drivers from European nations who have a lot of experience from Formula Renault and other series. It's a learning experience for me as well as the Malaysian drivers who are here as guest drivers,\" Patel said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14537150", "title": "Two child domestic workers rescued in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: Two child workers and a domestic help were rescued by labour and revenue officials in a joint operation from a flat in Srinagar Colony on Saturday. \"We have rescued two minor girls from a flat (No. 202) in Meenakshi Park Apartment in Srinagar Colony. A civil contractor, G Srinivasa Rao, had engaged the children-- Marathamma and Sirisha, both13 years, and a bonded labour (her age around 23 years) -- a few years ago,\" assistant labour officer (ALO) S Prasada Rao told TOI.However, the flat owner was not present during the raid and had gone out by locking his house. \"We took the help of his driver, Satyanarayana, and opened the flat and rescued the trio. We will hand over the girls and the woman to the M V Foundation and later shift them to rescue home for girls in Nimboli Adda,\" the officer said.A case was booked against the flat owner under Labour Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14549183", "title": "Punjab and Haryana heading for water and power crisis", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab and Haryana are heading for a major power and water crisis as the water level at the Bhakra and Pong dams has hit an alarming low.The water level at Bhakra has depleted by around 60 feet and the flow of water has more than halved compared to last year.The low water level has not only affected the power generation but has also come as a bad news for the farmers of the region whose paddy season is on.While on June 28 last year, Bhakra received 44916 cusec water in its reservoir and had a water level of 1590.61 feet, this year, the same day, water inflow at Bhakra was recorded at 22725 cusec and the water level hit a new low of 1534.5 feet.The power generation at Bhakra has also come down by 20 to 30 lakh units (LU) per day on an average.While last year on June 28, 209.85 lakh units (LU) were generated, this year, the same day, only 188.19 LU has been produced.Bhakra, the lifeline of northern India, has been witnessing a low water inflow the entire June primarily because of slow-melting of snow at mountain tops and lack of good rains in the hills.The water at the dam hit a low of 12695 cusec on June 15 when the water level went down to 1530 feet. Last year the dam had an inflow of 25136 cusec on June 15.According to experts, the situation is going to get worse as monsoons are also expected to be delayed this year.Punjab has already sounded a warning and cautioned farmers against wasteful use of water and decided to release water on weekly basis if the situation continued.According to Punjab irrigation minister Janmeja Singh Sekhon, farmers should use the available canal water for irrigation of paddy fields with utmost discipline keeping in view of reduced availability of water in the canals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14550182", "title": "Krishna to pay a two-day visit to Tajikistan from tomorrow", "text": "NEW DELHI: External Affairs Minister S M Krishna will leave for Tajikistan tomorrow on a two-day visit during which he will hold talks with Tajik leadership and attend a meeting of Indian heads of mission of 11 countries in the strategic Eurasian region.Krishna's tour to Dushanbe is aimed at accelerating India's strategic, economic and energy ties with the region and it comes months after defence minister A K Antony's brief visit to Tajikistan in October last year on his way to Russia.During his meeting with Tajik Leadership, Krishna is likely to discuss a wide range of bilateral and regional issues, including trade, economy, security and terrorism.\"The external affairs minister is expected to hold comprehensive discussions with his Tajik counterpart and the Tajikistan leadership on India-Tajik bilateral relations and on the situation in the region,\" officials said here.Krishna's visit assumes significance as the strategically located Central Asian country shares borders with Afghanistan, Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan and China. Also, a narrow strip of land separates it from Pakistan-occupied Kashmir.The ties between India and Tajikistan deepened in the late 1990s, when they came closer following rise of Taliban in Afghanistan. The ties further deepened since 2002, especially in the areas of counter-terrorism and defence cooperation.India is also in talks with Tajikistan to set up a military hospital even as it maintains an air base in Ayni there, the country's only such facility overseas.During his stay in Dushanbe, Krishna will address a Regional Conference of Indian Ambassadors in the Eurasian Region and this includes Indian envoys to Russia, Ukraine, Belarus, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia, Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Turkmenistan, Kyrgyzstan and Tajikistan.This is the Sixth regional meeting of Heads of Mission that the external affairs minister is addressing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14540747", "title": "Delhi University entry likely to close with second list", "text": "NEW DELHI: Monday, the last day for admissions as per the second cutoff list, might as well be the last chance for students to get into Delhi University at the undergraduate level. Several colleges, including Gargi, Miranda House, LSR, SGTB Khalsa, Ramjas and Jesus and Mary, have more than filled up courses and are not likely to come out with a third list.\"In all probability, barring BSc (H) chemistry, all courses will be closed with the second list,\" said Khalsa College principal Jaswinder Singh.The college has admitted 653 students with just a day left for completion of the admission process. Ramjas too, with four courses already filled up, may close admissions except for Hindi and Sanskrit. \"We have so far admitted 847 students and there is less probability of a third cutoff list for general candidates,\" said Ramjas principal Rajendra Prasad.North Campus colleges such as Hindu, Hans Raj, Miranda House and Kirori Mal too are set to call it a day for most courses. Till Saturday, Hans Raj had admitted 525 students in science and 444 in arts and according to the principal V K Kwatra, barring Hindi and Sanskrit, all courses will be closed for admissions in the third cutoff list for general category aspirants.While a number of colleges in south campus may not be issuing a third list, colleges that are keeping admissions open will offer little hope to students: colleges said the drop in percentage in the third cut-off list would be marginal.Jesus and Mary's College, for instance, will in all probability wrap up admissions for almost every course. \"We have had very healthy admissions this year and there have been barely any withdrawals. The third cut-off lists are likely in only a few courses such as BA (honours) Hindi,\" said principal Marina John. Admissions in Sri Venkateswara College will continue with third cut-off lists being issued for all courses. According to sources in the college, the drop in cutoffs in courses such as BCom (Hons), BCom and BA (Hons) economics will be around 1%. The college had admitted 893 students till Saturday.Among off campus colleges, Gargi has already closed all science admissions in the second cutoff and with overall admissions of 1,279 till Saturday, \"barring BCom and BA (Hons) philosophy no other course is likely to remain open for admissions in the third list\", said principal Meera Ramachandran. Besides the \"popular\" colleges and sought-after courses, colleges such as Dayal Singh, Saheed Bhagat Singh, Sri Aurobindo and Acharya Narendev among others are also likely to close admission for most courses.Alongside hectic admissions, Withdrawals too have been low and even if students were cancelling their admissions secured in the first list, they were changing courses rather than colleges. Kamla Nehru College till Friday had 46 cancellations, while Hans Raj received 38 such requests. Ramjas and Miranda House received 57 and 7 cancellation requests respectively. \"Of the five cancellations in BSc (Hons) chemistry, three of them took admissions in physics at Miranda House itself,\" said principal Pratibha Jolly.A rarity in the third cutoff will be probable reopening of BA (Hons) economics in KMC and English in Kamla Nehru. KMC received more than 20 cancellation requests for economics, while KNC got 10 cancellations for English.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14538788", "title": "Three cheat \u2018helping\u2019 financier of Rs 7.14 lakh", "text": "CHENNAI: A financier who offered to help those struggling to redeem pledged jewels for a fee is now seeking help -- to get back Rs 7.18 lakh that three people, including a pawnbroker, had cheated him of at Chitlapakkam on Friday.Seeing an advertisement taken out by Kodambakkam resident Dhanasekaran, \"offering to help those struggling to redeem their jewellery from a pawnbroker or a bank by repaying the money for a fee,\" a woman called him on Thursday, police said. She gave her name as Rajeshwari of Chitlapakkam.The woman told Dhanasekaran she had pledged her jewellery with a pawnbroker and was struggling to retrieve it as the amount she had to pay was 7 lakh. Dhanasekaran promised to help her and mentioned his fee. Rajeswari agreed and asked him to come to Chitlapakkam on Friday.At the Chitlapakkam bus terminus, she introduced him to a man she said was her husband. The couple took him to 'Madanlal Pawnbroker's Shop' in an old building. They said they would wait at a nearby tea shop as the pawnbroker was angry with them. Dhanasekaran introduced himself to 'Madanlal' and said he would pay the amount on behalf of Rajeswari who had pledged her jewellery with him. Madanlal showed him a 'receipt' for the pledged jewels and asked Dhanasekaran to pay Rs 7.18 lakh to retrieve them.After Dhanasekaran handed over the cash, Madanlal asked the financier to wait outside while he brought the jewellery.When Madanlal didn't return even after half-an-hour, Dhanasekaran opened the door through which the pawnbroker had gone and found that it opened on to a street. Then he ran to the tea shop and described the couple he had met to the owner who told him they had left with a man who appeared to be a 'Marwari' 30 minutes ago. Realizing he had been conned, Dhanasekaran rushed to the Chitlapakkam police. A case was registered and hunt launched for the three-member gang.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14538684", "title": "Land formalities hold up Katwa power project", "text": "KOLKATA: West Bengal power minister Manish Gupta, who participated in the debate for the power department budget on Saturday, said that the National Thermal Power Corporation (NTPC) will start construction work on the Katwa power project as soon as the process of land transfer gets completed.NTPC which needed 1,000 acres for the project had purchased 500 acre on their own, but they would need clearance under section 14Y of the state land reforms act for holding agricultural land in excess of 25 acres. Since the plots were in small parcels, the process of completion of 14Y formalities would take some time. Also, another 500 acres which had already been acquired by the state government would be handed over to NTPC, for which the latter would pay the state government Rs 200 crore.The state would soon have 1,850MW of installed capacity, Gupta said. The construction of two units at Sagardighi, of 500 MW capacity each, was expected to be completed by 2014-15.Gupta said the government did not have control over power tariff as this was determined by the state electricity regulatory commission. Some states had a power tariff lower than that in Bengal as these states had a scheme of subsidy on power tariff. In Andhra Pradesh, the subsidy amounted to nearly Rs 1,000 crore, he said.Overall, there was no shortage in supply of power in the state despite the rise in demand in summer but still there were load sheddings occasionally because of problems in the distribution network. Eighteen new sub-stations are being set up to overcome problems in the power distribution network, added the minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14536209", "title": "Jundal's name not among wanted accused in 26/11 case", "text": "MUMBAI: While the arrest of Zabihuddin Ansari, alias Abu Jundal, has created a stir at the national level in connection with his confession that he played an huge role in the 26/11 Mumbai attacks, the names of either Ansari or Abu Jundal are not mentioned among the wanted accused in the chargesheet filed by the Mumbai Crime Branch for the attacks.There are 35 wanted accused listed in the chargesheet - including Jamaat-ud-Dawa chief Hafiz Saeed, Zaki-ur-Rehman Lakhvi, Abu Kaahfa and Zarar Shah - but Zabihuddin Ansari or Abu Jundal are not among them. There is an Abu Hamza, though, and authorities have been speculating on whether this could be another name for Jundal. Mumbai Crime Branch sources said Jundal is mentioned as a \"handler\" in the chargesheet.Jundal was detained in Saudi Arabia and brought to New Delhi on July 21, where he is in the custody of the Delhi police. He has been termed a \"key handler\" of the 10 Pakistani terrorists who entered Mumbai on November 26, 2008 and killed 166 people. He was reportedly the terrorists' Hindi tutor and taught them the topography and locations in Mumbai.The Mumbai Crime Branch filed a production warrant before a Delhi court for custody of the man being held by the Delhi police. However, with the federal National Investigation Agency (NIA) registering an FIR against Jundal, chances of the city police getting Jundal's custody immediately are low. Crime Branch sources refused to talk on the issue and it is not known what argument was given when filing the warrant.Sources said Jundal's name crops up in the conversations between the Karachi control room and the terrorists during the carnage, and that is enough to seek his custody. In this respect, Jundal's name is mentioned in the chargesheet, though not among the 35 wanted accused. When asked why Ansari or Jundal are not named among the wanted, a senior Crime Branch officer said, \"First we have to get his custody. We will have to establish Ansari's identity as Jundal and then proceed with our investigations. Until and unless we get his custody and identity him, it would be too early to say anything. Moreover, we did mention Jundal's name in the chargesheet as a handler.\"Mumbai investigators said they are clear about Jundal's role and his custody would make their case against the terrorists stronger. \"There are several accused in the wanted list. It is possible that Jundal could also be one of them, but had been using more than one moniker during the terrorists' training and 26/11 attacks,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14537374", "title": "SevenHills patient dies after fall", "text": "MUMBAI: A 39-year-old man, who was admitted to SevenHills Hospital in Marol, died after a fall from the eighth floor of the hospital building on Friday. While the police ruled out any foul play, the hospital authorities and the family of the deceased suspect it to be a case of suicide.From Jharkhand, Sameer C Mardani came to the city a few months ago and he worked in an MNC. On June 26, he was admitted to SevenHills with pneumonia and multi-organ failure; he had to be put on ventilator, a hospital official said.According to the police, on Friday Mardani was shifted from the ICCU to the general ward. Hospital spokesperson Dr Bhuvan Dumeti said Mardani was recovering well. Around 6.30pm the same day, he and his relative went out to the eighth-floor corridor to take a walk when the incident occurred. Mardani fell onto the first floor and fractured his skull and both his legs. Alarmed by the thud, hospital staffers rushed to the spot and carried him back but by then, he had died, the police said.A 39-year-old man, who had been admitted to Seven Hills Hospital at Marol, died after an accidental fall from the eighth floor of the hospital building on Friday. Sameer Chandra Mardani, the deceased, was seeking treatment for pneumonia and multi-organ failure. He had stepped onto the ledge for a walk, when the incident took place.The incident took place around 6.30 pm on Friday. Mardani is a native of Jharkhand and had come to Mumbai a few months ago. He was employed with Larsen and Toubro and was working on their project at Sahar. He was admitted to the Seven Hills Hospital on June 26 in a serious condition and had to be immediately put on ventilator.\"Doctors had advised Mardani to go for walks. On Friday, he went to the eighth floor with his brother-in-law. As advised, Mardani used the corridor ledge for support to do some stretches when he lost his balance and fell,\" said Suresh Hujband, senior inspector of the MIDC police station. \"We have registered a case of accidental death and we do not suspect any foul play.\" But Dumeti said Mardani was taking a walk on the corridor when he suddenly jumped off. \"The family told us so,\" he said.They were also surprised about why took such a step, given that he was not suffering from any serious ailment,\" he said, adding that the corridor was properly barricaded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14536916", "title": "Pattabhirama Rao got Rs 10 crore offer from another judge", "text": "HYDERABAD: Apart from retired district judge T V Chalapati Rao, another judge also tried to broker a deal between his disgraced colleague Pattabhirama Rao and mining baron Gali Janardhan Reddy's associates for granting bail to the latter in the infamous cash-for-bail scam.The judge in question, Prabhakar Rao, is currently working with the state election commission. While Chalapati offered Rs 5 crore for bail to Gali, Prabhakar's offer was staggering Rs 10 crore. But Pattabhirama Rao, the judge of the CBI court, chose to take the bait offered by his trusted friend Chalapathi Rao.These details were reeled off by both Chalapati Rao and Pattabhi's son Ravichandra, both of whom were arrested by ACB sleuths in the cash-for-bail case. Their confession statements, which came out on Saturday, described the whole drama that preceded and followed Gali Janardhan Reddy's bail on May 11.The bail was later cancelled by the AP high court following a plea by the CBI, which had opened the cash-for-bail can of worms and later handed over the case to the ACB for registering a case.While Prabhakar Rao insisted on the CBI court judge going along with him and meet Gali's men to instill confidence in them prior to granting bail, Chalapati Rao did not put forth any such preconditions. Instead, he took the judge's son to Paradise hotel and asked him to take some food parcel from there and leave. This way Chalapati ensured that Gali's men saw it all from a distance and instilled confidence in them.Chalapati said in his confession that Pattabhi finally agreed for the Rs 5-crore deal and had even told him on the morning of May 11 that he was granting bail to Gali only in anticipation of the cash. Chalapati Rao also met Pattabhi in his chamber in the court on May 8 to strike the deal.The other reason for Pattabhi choosing Chalapathi was because he had delivered Rs 10 lakh for granting bail to a police officer, Sarveswar Rao, who was accused in a disproportionate assets case. P Yadagiri Rao, another middleman, had played a key role in both cases.In accordance with the deal already struck in Gali's case, Chalapati received the cash in a huge carton at his home from Gali's associates and he kept a part of it with his brother Balaji Rao and remaining in Corporation Bank at Ashok Nagar. He approached the manager of the bank branch and opened two lockers to stash away the booty. When the two lockers were not found to have enough space for the cash bundles, three more lockers were opened.Chalapati assured the branch manager that the formality of furnishing the names of the owners of the money would be done shortly. Hence, the lockers were in the unnamed category but the keys of all the five lockers were given to Pattabhi's son Ravichandra. Interestingly, Prabhakar Rao, who unsuccessfully tried to strike the deal later, threatened that Pattabhirama Rao would face a probe.Another judge Prabhakar Rao, who is with the state election commission, was the first to make the offer. But the deal fell through.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14543298", "title": "Girls register a century at IIM-B", "text": "BANGALORE: From Exploration Geophysics to Pharmacy, students from a wide range of backgrounds will walk the corridors of Indian Institute of Management-Bangalore this academic year.The icing on the diversity cake is that for the first time in the history of the nearly 40-year-old institute, there are 100 women in the batch.The total strength of IIM-Bangalore is 377 students.The large number of engineers and the skewed gender ratio in premier business schools in the country has always sparked criticism and there's been a deliberate attempt by many to ensure diversity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14540133", "title": "Power cuts boost inverter sales", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Power cuts have made life of city residents miserable, especially with mercury refusing to plummet. This is has left city residents looking for other options to seek solace in the blistering heat. \"Sales of inverters are at an all-time high, thanks to unprecedented 7-8 hour cuts in the city,\" said M S Nayyar, an inverter dealer of the city. He also said, \"Inverters sales have been doubled in the city as compared to May and it has led to increase in the prices by 10%.\"Although inverters come handy during power cuts, these too have limitations as after a few hours its batteries need to be recharged. It has encouraged people to find a way out to tackle this problem. \"Service for inverters is very fast and within 24 hours the problems is rectified,\" said Sumit Bansal, an inverter dealer in city.Abhimanyu Sharma, who lives in southern part of the city, said, \"Power cuts are a major problem in our area and I bought an inverter, but still we are facing problems, sometimes there is no power entire night and many times power goes off so frequent that inverter doesn't get charged.\"Anand Sharma, a resident of Sector 35 said, \"Earlier we were planning to purchase an inverter, but now frequency of the cuts have gone down. However if this problem crops up again I will surely get it installed at my home.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "attari", "code": "14547260", "title": "Pakistan Rangers officials arrive India to hold meeting with BSF", "text": "ATTARI: A 30 member high powered delegation of Pakistan Rangers led by Rizwan Akhtar and Mian Mohammad Hilal, Director General's of Sindh and Punjab Rangers, arrived India via Attari land border on Sunday to hold meeting with their counterparts of Border Security Force (BSF) in Delhi from July 1 to 5. They were received by Inspector General, BSF, Frontier Aditya Mishra.The meeting is being held after a gap of 2 years. The delegates also includes officials from Survey of Pakistan, Interior Ministry and Anti-Narcotics Force Both sides would hold discussions on the issues of smuggling, repatriation of prisoners, welfare of border residents, firing in Jammu etc. While denying smuggling bids from Pakistan side Rizwan saidIndia had taken adequate measures on its border with Pakistan like erecting border fence, flash lights and instead shifted responsibility of preventing smuggling on BSF. He also maintained that there was no threat to newly constructed Integrated Check Post.BSF sources informed that both sides could give final shape to the decisions taken between Director General's of BSF and Pak Rangers during their meeting held in 2010 which includes holding sports matches between jawan's of BSF and Pak Rangers and establishing telephonic contact at sector commandant level. \"Due to some reasons the modalities couldn't be worked out but we are hopeful that after meeting the previous decisions would be implemented\" said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14538412", "title": "Five incidents of chain snatching", "text": "NASHIK: Despite claims by the city police commissionerate that chain snatching incidents had reduced, there were five incidents of chain snatchings on Saturday alone.Around 8.10am , a 20gm gold chain worth more than Rs 40,000 was stolen from Badami Devi Yadav (52) when she was walking near the Mahadev Temple in Ambad. A bikhad snatched her chain.The second incident took place at 9.30am at Kathe Galli No. 3. According Gopal Upadhyay, biker miscreants snatched his mother's 20gm gold chain. Another incident took place in Indiranagar, when a gold chain worth Rs 40,000, weighing 40gm was snatched off Pradnya Rode.While police complaints of all the three incidents were reported, there were two more incidents in which complaints were not filed. According to the police, patrolling was intensified. Hoardings on the precautions citizens should take to prevent incidents like break-ins and chain snatchings were put up at the Meri Chowk area on Dindori Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14539360", "title": "Class VIII boy hangs self in Sarhaul village", "text": "GURGAON: A Class VIII student committed suicide at his house in Sarhaul village, near Sector 18, on Saturday afternoon. A suicide note was recovered from the spot which has the victim's handwriting on it. In the suicide note, 14-year-old Shivam alleged that two youths who lived in the neighbourhood had forced him to take such a step. However, no FIR has been lodged so far. The post-mortem of the victim's body will be conducted on Sunday.According to police, the victim's father, Ramesh Kumar, a native of Bareilly in Uttar Pradesh, works at a private firm in Udyog Vihar. Police learnt about the incident around 1.45pm on Saturday.A police team reached the spot and found the victim's body hanging from a ceiling fan of the house. \"In the suicide note, the victim wrote that two youths, who lived in the neighbourhood, tortured him and forced him to take such an extreme step. The victim also mentioned the name of the two youths in the suicide note, but we can't disclose it now as the investigation is still underway,\" said Haresh Kumar, the investigating officer.\"I was in my firm. My wife told me that after having lunch, Shivam went to his room. After sometime, she found his body hanging from the ceiling fan. I have no idea why he took this step,\" said the victim's father.Police said that Shivam was a student of Class VIII at a government school of Sarhaul village. Sources said that he had not completed his summer holiday work as well.\"We are investigating the matter from all aspects. We have also sent the suicide note to the forensic science laboratory to match the handwriting,\" said Jaipal, additional SHO, Sector 18 police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14537953", "title": "Cops, 'Love Commandos', play cupid", "text": "NAGPUR: In an emotion-driven operation, city police's crime branch teamed up with commandos of a different kind to unite two love birds from different religious backgrounds.The couple was separated by hardliners but efforts by the police and volunteers of a Delhi-based anti-honour killing organization 'Love Commandos' (LC) united them. The court helped by clarifying that any person who is a major has the right to take a decision. The magistrate's order paved the way for the couple to tie the knot and also shift to a common home. The man sought help from the LCs after learning about them through a TV show.Pradeep and Ruksana (names changed) met while working at a college in Hingna. They liked each other and fell in love. Pradeep proposed despite knowing that Ruksana belonged to a conservative family. Initially, Ruksana had kept her relationship with Pradeep under wraps but was compelled to reveal it to his family members who had begun looking for a suitable match.Earlier, Ruksana's family had tried in vain to convince her to snap ties with Pradeep and then confined her to a room. A desperate Pradeep contacted LC through their helpline (9313784375) which was flashed during the TV show. LC volunteers contacted crime branch officials who verified their claims and decided to rescue her.The cops shifted Ruksana to a government shelter home. She was presented before the magistrate where the government counsel argued that her life may be in danger.LC founder Harsh Malhotra said his organization faxed the Supreme Court's judgments given in similar cases to the court and local volunteers too chipped in.The magistrate instructed the concerned persons to allow Ruksana and Pradeep to take the final decision. Police told TOI that they have registered an offence against Ruksana's parents but she decided against it. \"We just ensured that their basic constitutional rights were not violated,\" said a senior cop.Sources told TOI that the couple finally tied the knot in the capital after completing all legal formalities and Pradeep's family too has joined the newly-married couple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14536946", "title": "'Drunk' doctor rams car into vehicle, 'abducts' cop", "text": "MUMBAI: A 42-year-old allegedly drunk doctor rammed his car into another vehicle and \"abducted\" a constable before being arrested from the Western Express Highway amid high drama on Friday night.The accused, Vivek Malik, had dinner with a friend, Sharmila, on Friday night and was on his way to drop her at her Kandivli residence in his silver Indigo around 10.20pm.\"Malik hit a car from behind near Ismail Yusuf flyover on the Jogeshwari highway. While nobody was hurt, the mishap resulted in a traffic jam. Patrolling cops rushed to the spot and found Malik smelling of alcohol. They told him to go to the Jogeshwari police station. One of the cops, Vasant Devkar (49), sat in Malik's car,\" said senior inspector (Jogeshwari) VR Damugade.Instead of heading to the police station, Malik allegedly drove away on the north-bound stretch of the highway despite Devkar's protests. \"Devkar's colleagues informed the main police control room and the north region control room. The control room, in turn, sent us a message and we decided to carry out a 'motor vehicle seizure' at Kandivli (E),\" said senior inspector Nanasaheb Kamble of the Samta Nagar police station.Five to six policemen were posted at Bandongri in Kandivli to look out for the vehicle; they had the registration number of Malik's car. \"As soon as our personnel spotted the Indigo, they parked a police van horizontally in front of it to block its way. We were aware of the possibility of Malik trying to mow us down in an attempt to flee. Around 10.40pm, we managed to catch Malik and rescued constable Devkar. Malik was handed over to the Jogeshwari police and sent for a medical examination. His car was also seized,\" Kamble said.A resident of Andheri, Malik has been booked for kidnapping and drunk driving. On Saturday, he was He was produced before a metropolitan court in Andheri on Saturday and remanded in police custody for three days. Malik's family could not be contacted for comments.The Samta Nagar police team that rescued Devkar will be awarded by joint commissioner (law and order) Rajnish Seth. Sharmila was in the car during the entire episode. Devkar, a resident of Vikhroli Parksite, was unhurt.Constable Devkar told mediapersons that while he was inside Malik's car, he kept trying to reason with him. \"I told Malik that he will have to come to the police station only for some time as no one was injured in the accident he had caused. I told him to not panic, But he didn't listen to me and kept driving ahead. He simply refused to come to the police station with me. When I realized things weren't heading anywhere, I called up the police control room,\" Devkar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14551099", "title": "Visiting Sarajevo's war torn route", "text": "The city of Sarajevo has shed its baggage since the 1992-1996-siege. There is more to its history that you could enjoy.Most people still think of Sarajevo as 'war-torn' and 'dangerous'. But the most 'dangerous' experience I had here was having to answer (countless times) a very common question: Why did you choose to visit Sarajevo?The capital of Bosnia-Hercegovina truly deserves to be described as a blend of the East and West, even more so than Istanbul . The city is small enough to be navigated by foot. And considering the number of cafes and eateries that stick out of virtually every corner, you will not have to worry about being on your feet all day. So here's my recommended itinerary:Day 1 Take a walk around Ba\u0161car\u0161ija, the old town of Sarajevo. Start with Pigeons' Square and Sebilj, a kioskshaped public wooden and stone fountain, and lose yourself in one of the many alleys in the area.Down from the Sebilj, make a right turn towards the Gazi Husrev-beg buildings which include a mosque. It is considered the most important Islamic structure in the country and one of the world's finest examples of Ottoman architecture. There's also a covered bazaar which offers the usual touristy trinkets in a variety of shops.Continuing straight down from there would bring you past a string of cafes along Ferhadija, where you will also see reminders of the Austro-Hungarian era. You could also pop into the Catholic cathedral which dates to the late 19th century.Not far from here is the Orthodox Cathedral, which is best viewed at night because it is artfully lit up. What made it even more beautiful for me during my trip in late April 2012 was the falling rain.Take some steps south from here and you will find yourself in front of the Miljacka River. Look out for a cream-coloured building topped with green domes. This is the Academy of Arts, which is reminiscent of Budapest's national parliament building. There's also the cute Latin Bridge, which gained infamy for being the site where the wheels of the First World War started turning; it was here that a Serbian nationalist assassinated the heir to the throne of the Austro-Hungarian Empire (Archduke Franz Ferdinand ) in late June 1914. There's a little museum (Sarajevo 1878-1918 Museum) right next to the bridge which showcases photographs from that period.Continue east of Ba\u0161car\u0161ija, and walk uphill past Sebilj and the tram stop towards Kovaci and beyond. You'll find yourself in front of the Kovaci Martyrs' Cemetery where the dead from the 1990s conflict rest. Just beyond here is the Yellow Bastion from where you get a good view of the city and its surrounding hills. The hills too offer some gorgeous views of Sarajevo but it's not always advisable to tread those paths because some mines from the war remain.Day 2 Prepare yourself for something more serious today with a visit to the History Museum. It is largely devoted to the 1990s conflict, and the building itself bears the scars of the war. Some of the photographs are disturbing, and so are some displays on how the Sarajevans survived the 44-month siege. But do look out for an alphabetic guide pinned to one of the walls, and you might just find yourself chuckling at the dark humour with which people tried to keep themselves sane amidst the madness. Wander around the hallways on the ground floor as well, because there may be a temporary exhibition on in one of the rooms.At the time of my visit, there were two photography exhibitions, both dealing with the break-up of the former Yugoslavia . Right behind is the Tito Cafe, which is filled with photographs of Marshal Tito (the late leader of the former Yugoslavia).I'd also recommend a visit to the Tunnel Museum in Butmir, close to the airport. It tracks the construction of an 800-metre underpass, which was literally the lifeline of the city during the siege of the 1990s. The guide books suggest arranging for the trip from the hotel, but I suppose that was taking the fourand-five-starrers into consideration. Alternatively, they said, take a tram (number 3 or 5) from the city centre to Ilid a terminus and hop onto a bus.Simple enough, I thought. But as it turned out, a girl I asked said she did not know how to get there. I looked at my map and decided to walk...it looked pretty close by. Under a sky that looked ready to burst, I put one foot ahead of the next for at least 20 minutes until I reached a crossroad. A lady at a salon nearby knew fully well where I was going from my appearance, and offered directions \u2014 in Bosnian. I continued walking for another 20-30 minutes, past quaint houses and empty streets. Why am I doing this to myself again? I'm happy to report that I eventually found the museum. But my advice is, go with a taxi from Ilid a if you plan to take public transport. Otherwise, stick to the hotel's arrangement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14538584", "title": "Difficult surgery saves cobra's life in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: A severely injured Indian Cobra was given a new lease of life by Dr Hemant Jain after a tricky surgery. The snake was around five-year-old and was five feet in length. It had suffered from grave injuries in the abdomen and was bleeding profusely when taken to Dr Jain's care.Sarpa mitras Nikhil Khangar, Goldie Maraskolhe, Keur Rahalkar, Ishu Thankar and Rohit Gajghate received a call from a construction site on Amravati Road informing them about an injured snake. The cobra was injured by a JCB machine. The sarpa mitras rushed to the spot, examined the seriousness of the injury and took it to Dr Jain.There was a deep cut on the snake's abdomen and its innards had come out, making the operation a difficult and tricky one. The snake was given small dose of anaesthesia. Its innards were carefully cleaned and replaced and 37 stitches were made to close the wound.The surgery lasted 45 minutes. The cobra will be treated for next 4-5 days. The stitches will be removed after a week and after that it will be set free in the wild with due permission of forest department. In case of medical emergencies of such unclaimed animals, Dr Jain can be contacted at 9850488660.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14557264", "title": "Couple harassed for inter-caste marriage in Bansawara", "text": "JAIPUR: A man on Saturday approached the senior police officers saying that the caste council in their village in Banswara district was threatening to expel him from the society for marrying a girl from another caste.According to the police, Suman Kumar, a resident of Banswara's Anjana village had married Happy Kalal who comes from a different caste.\"Suman Kumar says that he and his family members are being harassed since the marriage took place. He says that members of a caste council in their village forced him to vacate the shop that he was running rendering him completely jobless,\" said a police officer.He added that his mother and brothers are being forced to stay separated from him and his wife.\"Whenever my wife heads out of home, she is subjected to mockery and humiliation,\" said Suman Kumar in his statement to the police.A senior police officer said that the couple has been assured of security. \"We have lodged the complaint. Further investigation is going on,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "", "code": "14536292", "title": "Air force ready to break new ground, says chief", "text": ": The Chief of Air Staff, Air Marshal N A K Browne has assured that the air force would get the 'best in the world' aircrafts and equipment.\"You have my personal assurance that their safety, care and comfort will remain my highest priority,\" air vice-marshal Browne told the parents of the Air Force's newly commissioned officers at the combined graduation parade at the Air Force Academy, Dundigal on Saturday.The air chief also said that the modernization plans of the air force were in no way related to what Pakistan and China were doing. He said that everything was taking place as per plans made up to 2017. He said the number of flying squadrons was being increased from 32 to 45. The air chief said contracts worth Rs 12,000 crore were being finalized to get more aircrafts and equipment. The air force will get 5th generation war planes. While the MIGs will be withdrawn in phases, they will be replaced by the Sukhoi-30 fighter aircraft.At the combined graduation parade, 216 newly commissioned officers including 46 women received their first salute from their juniors as they marched to the tune of 'Auld Lang Syne' at the end of the parade, marking their successful graduation.This combined graduation parade was for the flight cadets of No.189 Pilot Course, No. 130 Ground Duty Course and No. 114 Navigation Course, who underwent training at IAF's various training establishments such as - Air Force Administrative College (AFAC), Coimbatore, Air Defence College, Lucknow, Air Force Station Hakimpet, Begumpet and Yelahanka besides the Air Force Academy.Flight Cadet Naveen Lather commanded the immaculately turned out cadets formed in six squadrons on the parade ground in front of the Sekhon Block. The impressive parade was reviewed by the Air Chief Marshal N A K Browne, who awarded the President's Commission to the flight cadets on behalf of the President of India. Congratulating the newly commissioned officers, the Air Chief said, \"I welcome you, young men and women, into the brotherhood of arms.\"Addressing the reporters, Air Chief Marshal said, \"With the privilege of commanding men, comes the responsibility of looking after your subordinates.\"Chief Marshal Browne said cohesion and team work when taken together across the IAF would prove to be our biggest force multiplier - much bigger than any of our present or future technology inductions.\"Your journey into the Air Force will bring you a great amount of joy and happiness. It will also bring you face to face with many challenges, temptations and dilemmas. How you respond to these will ultimately define your strength of character.\"Make it a point to execute every task, every mission, every assignment the way the Air Force and the nation expects you to do. This way you will never go wrong and you will look at all challenges as opportunities to grow,\" he said.Air Chief Marshal Browne also had a word for the parents of the cadets. \"We will ensure that our people get to fly and operate aircraft and equipment which is the best in the world,\" he said.Of the newly commissioned officers 95 are from Flying Branch, 19 from Navigation and 102 from the Ground Duties. In addition, three Naval Officers and one Coast Guard Officer were also awarded wings on completion of their Flying Course.The President's Plaque and the Chief of the Air Staff Sword of Honour for standing first in overall order of merit in Pilot's Course was awarded to Flying Officer Naveen Lather while Flying Officer S K Kandpal and Flying Officer V P Prajapat were awarded the President's Plaque for standing first in overall order of merit in Ground Duty Branches and Navigation Branch respectively.There was a traditional fly past by Hawk, AN-32, Dornier and Kiran aircraft while a low-level aerobatic display by Su-30 MKI kept the audience spellbound.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14552674", "title": "Presidential poll: Pranab meets Cong MPs, MLAs in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: UPA nominee Pranab Mukherjee on Sunday met ruling Congress MPs, MLAs and MLCs as part of his campaign for the July 19 presidential election.Mukherjee, who arrived here from Chennai on Sunday morning, met the Congress legislators and the Union ministers at Jubilee Hall here.In a brief interaction with media after the meeting, 77-year-old Mukherjee expressed gratitude to all parties who have extended their support to his candidature.In an oblique reference to Trinamool Congress , he said he had also appealed to those parties that are undecided on whom to support in the presidential election, to support him.To a query on BJP, BJD and AIADMK-backed nominee P A Sangma's remark regarding his prospects to get elected to the highest constitutional post, the former finance minister said, \"I don't know, I don't believe in miracles\".Meanwhile, a fire broke out at the Jubilee Hall, the venue of the meeting, shortly after Mukherjee and other leaders, including Chief Minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy, had left the venue.The blaze was doused by fire tenders that were rushed to the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14536225", "title": "Indore Municipal Corporation settles for a monthly fee of Rs 150 from morning walkers", "text": "INDORE: Indore municipal corporation (IMC) has decided to bring down the registration fee for morning walkers at the Regional Park from the proposed Rs 500 to Rs 150 per month. The decision was taken at the MiC meeting of the civic body here on Saturday.The meeting was held after protest by morning walkers who objected to the Rs 500 per month proposed by the IMC for morning walk at the park. \"The MiC has decided that registration passes will be issued to the morning walkers at Rs.150 per month,\" said the mayor Krishnamurari Moghe adding that the passes would be available at the Pipliyapala office of the IMC. This registration process will be effective from July 1. \"Bringing down the charges is definitely a great relief for morning walkers. Though, I personally feel that the IMC should totally do away with registration, at least for the morning walkers,\" said Neha Bagga, a mass communication student.\"I am still not happy with the decision. Paying Rs 150 monthly for a morning walk is really demoralizing part,\" said Prahalad Das a businessman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14542507", "title": "Dip in sales sees auto sector scaling down production", "text": "PUNE: The economic slowdown seems to have returned to haunt the automobile sector again. Many companies near Pune have reduced their production, with some even starting non-production days. The escalating petrol prices added to the worries of automobile, as within the sluggish markets, buyers are preferring diesel vehicles to reduce running cost.In the passenger car segment, production of petrol cars has seen a dip with more and more consumers opting for diesel cars. For instance, the share of diesel cars in the total sale of General Motors, the US headquartered automobile firm, was 35% a year ago. \"With continuous rise in petrol price, the share of diesel cars has increased to 52%. As against this, the share of petrol cars, which was 65% last year, has gone down to 48%\", said P Balendran, vice-president, General Motors India.\"There were hardly any non-production days at GM till a year ago. Now, almost every week we are observing no production days , where no production takes place to control expenses,\" he said.Shirish Kulkarni, dealer principle of DSK Toyota, said, \"There is a shift in demand for diesel cars. As per my information, in Toyota has reduced production of petrol cars and now the emphasis is on production of diesel cars. Of the total sale, 75% is of diesel cars. The overall sale is already stabilized but within the ongoing sale diesel cars are sold in more numbers.\"The continuous rise in petrol price has increased the running cost of petrol operated vehicles for customers. HToday, the difference between the prices of diesel and petrol is more than Rs 25 per litre, demand for diesel cars has gone up, Kulkarni said.Sources in Fiat said production of cars in its Ranjangaon facility has dropped as market was moving slowly. The company has brought down its monthly production from 3,000 cars to 2,000 cars. In the current scenario, the company is manufacturing more diesel cars, said the sources. Fiat, apart from its own car manufacturing facility, also manufacturers petrol and diesel engines and supplies to TATA motors and Maruti Suzuki.The situation is tougher for luxury vehicle manufacturers like Volkswagen that were predominantly manufacturing petrol cars in large numbers. The company has already started functioning in two shifts instead of regular three shifts. Even after observing complete closure during March and April this year, the company has continued production in two shifts only, said sources.On the other hand, Mahindra and Mahindra, which is primarily into diesel vehicle manufacturing, claimed to have felt little impact because of the sluggish market. Speaking to TOI, Praveen Shah, chief executive, automotive division of Mahindra and Mahindra, said, \"All our production activities are going on as per schedule. The company has not brought down its production. In some cases like XUV 500, we are adding to the capacity due to heavy demand.\"Anant Sardeshmukh, executive director general of Mahratta Chamber of Commerce, Industries and Agriculture, said, \"The impact is mainly due to sluggish economy. The government should give emphasize on attracting more investment, especially foreign direct investment. It will boost the industry and help in changing market sentiment.\" The automobile hub around Pune is third largest in the country and employs 1.5 lakh workers and professionals at various levels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14540641", "title": "Denied ice cream, man fires at waiter", "text": "NEW DELHI: Denying ice cream, it seems, could prove fatal in the capital, where murders over trivial disputes and wagers have steadily climbed the crime graph. Enraged at a waiter for ignoring his repeated requests to slip him a wedding treat, a 38-year-old security guard fired a smoke cartridge at a wedding on Saturday, causing severe burns in his thighs.The waiter, 18-year-old Ravi Raj, was taken to hospital after the firing around 4am, while Hari Om, the guard, fled the farmhouse in Mundka, west Delhi.While cops said the guard fired merely to scare the 18-year-old Ravi Raj, smoke cartridges have been known to leave victims with fatal burn injuries.Raj told police that he was busy attending to guests when Hari Om, who was standing near the entrance of the banquet hall, asked him to bring ice cream for him. \"Raj paid no attention to his repeated requests. This infuriated Hari Om and he fired a shot in the air to intimidate Raj. The excessive smoke burnt Raj in his thighs. Hari fled the spot fearing arrest,\" said V Renganathan, additional CP (west). Hari Om, who belongs to a nearby village, was arrested later in the day.Raj, a resident of Baljeet Nagar in Delhi, is undergoing treatment at Sanjay Gandhi Memorial Hospital for burn wounds in his thighs. His condition is stable.A case under sections 336 (act endangering life or personal safety of others) and 27 Arms Act was registered at the Mundka police station against Hari Om. His licensed .12 bore double barrel gun was seized and sent to forensic experts.Police statistics show 15-19% of all murders in the capital are due to sudden provocation on trivial issues. Last year, almost 17% of murders were triggered by frivolous disputes.\"Many murders in the past two years took place in a fit of rage. Most of those who committed a murder neither had a criminal motive nor were they criminals. In fact, over 85% of the persons arrested till June 30 on murder charges this year are novices,\" said a senior officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14540352", "title": "A question mark on our future, say traders", "text": "BANGALORE: Ayaz Khan was just four years old when he entered the Jayanagar IV block shopping complex as a 'sales person' accompanying his family who sold their wares there. In the last nine years, he has sold laundry bags, dining sets, slippers and many other home products shoppers look for in the market.Now he sells stoles, dupattas for Rs 100, Rs 150 in one of the pedestrian pathways inside the Jayanagar 4{+t}{+h} block complex. He is one of the traders worrying over what will happen to his livelihood once the traditional market gets demolished by BDA, to make way for the construction of a multi-storied mall \"I earn about Rs 250 every day here. But I don't know my future,\" he says.The 400-odd traders at the South Bangalore's landmark complex are clueless about the make-over. \"The only problem with this complex is that there is no security. A mall is not required. We had given requisition to BBMP to construct an auditorium in place of Puttanna Kanagal theatre which could have been used for various cultural progarmmes, but that never happened,\" said Venkatesh KV, vice-president, Jayanagar shopping complex merchants' association. He opened Nagasri book house at the complex in 1976, the year the market was established. The association has 130 shop owners as its members.The vegetable market inside the commercial complex has over 90 shops, including general stores. The members of Jayanagar vegetable merchants' association have their hopes on BN Vijaykumar, the local MLA. \"We do not want to make this issue controversial,'' said K Suresh, secretary, vegetable merchants association.\"It will only help the contractor and big brands who will have their establishments here in future. Small traders like us will be the worst affected,\" said S Selvaraj, who sells bags in the market.For Bahni Guharoy, a shopper pursuing BDS course, the market is just fine the way it is. \"There is no need for a mall here. Market must not be altered,\" she said.MLA speaksStating that work will be done in a phased manner, BN Vijay Kumar , MLA, said: \"In the first phase, the block which houses Puttanna Kanagal theatre will be restructured. The traders in other places will be given space at the new building. In phase 2, the buildings inside the market space will be taken up for re-modelling. Every trader operating from the market currently will be allowed to work from the multi-storied commercial complex.''What you get thereFrom chirping pets to aquarium fish, colourful shawls to branded shirts, pretty sandals for Rs 100, fresh vegetables, fruits of all kinds, birthday gifts, accessories, books, eateries and many other daily usage commodities invite you once you enter the market.The planThe Jayanagar 4th block market has withstood the winds of change since its construction in 1976. It's now all set to become a 6-storied mall. The project will be taken up at a cost of Rs 119 crore under the public private partnership.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14542795", "title": "128 schools fail to reserve 25% seats under RTE Act", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation will serve memos on 128 city schools which have failed to reserve 25% seats for children from the economically and socially weaker sections, as stipulated by the Right to Education Act.While the deadline for admitting such children has been extended from July 2 to July 13, the schools will be asked to explain their failure in implementing this provision under the Act. This was revealed in a meeting of about 350 principals of aided and unaided English-medium primary schools on Saturday.The meeting was organized to address issues concerning the 25% seat reservation for children from the economically and socially weaker sections in schools under the Right to Education (RTE) Act.Said a PMC official, \"Several parents approached us saying some schools were not cooperating and denied admission to their wards. There are 128 schools that have failed to admit deserving children. At the same time, there were schools that have had parents approach them to admit their child in class I instead of nursery or pre-school. The admission is applicable from the starting classes of the school. It was to address these issues that the meeting was called.\"The official said the deadline for admissions was extended as there were still a lot of children who want admissions but did not have required caste or income certificates.\"The extension will give such children enough time to procure the necessary documents. Also, the 128 erring schools will soon be given a memo, asking for an explanation for their failure to implement the provision. They will also be directed to fill their 25% slot by July 13,\" said the official.Meanwhile, the school education board has announced a special drive, between July 2 and 13, for parents who are facing problems in getting admissions for their children.\"Such parents could approach us at our office in Dadoji Konddeo primary school in Kasba Peth with the required documents and we will address their problems. After verifying the documents, we will give them a letter of recommendation for their child, which can be taken to the school for admission,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "14541540", "title": "\u2018Speed of toy train can\u2019t be increased\u2019", "text": "SHIMLA: The bus journey takes three hours to reach Shimla from Kalka, but the toy train takes over five hours for the same journey. To reduce the journey time, Indian Railways had mooted a proposal to increase speed of the toy train, but a study conducted by the railways has suggested that it is not feasible. Kalka-Shimla rail line was laid in 1903 and since then, the toy train is chugging off at a speed of 25-30 km on this narrow gauge. After a century of laying the line, an attempt was being made to increase the speed of train to 45-50km per hour, however the sharp curves have proved a damper.The 97 km track, figuring in UNESCO world heritage list, have over 900 sharp curves besides 102 tunnels and 988 bridges. It is the sharp curves which have made the proposal of increasing speed not feasible as the speed could result in accidents on the curves, sources said. When contacted, divisional railway manager, Ambala, P K Sanghi said, \"The entire track is full of curves and it makes the idea of increasing speed technically not feasible. So the toy train would continue to run at the same speed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14557428", "title": "Suspected of child abuse, youth beaten to death in Sikar", "text": "JAIPUR: A 20-year-old man was beaten to death by some people who alleged he was involved in abusing a child in Sikar's Sadar police station area on Saturday.According to the police, the accused, Omprakash Balai, was a labourer at an agriculture farm owned by one Ishwar Ram in Majipur village.\"Some relatives of Ishwar Ram came to know that Omprakash was involved in abusing a child in their family. When Omprakash realized that his act has been exposed, he disappeared. He was staying at his aunt's house in a nearby village. However Ishwar Ram's relatives traced him and brought him back,\" a police officer said.He added that Omprakash was beaten up with iron rods at the agriculture farm where he worked.\"The men involved in killing him escaped from the spot. Some villagers rushed him to a hospital, however, he died on the way. We have lodged a first information report (FIR) against some identified people. Two teams have been formed to trace them,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14536549", "title": "Is the climate conducive for investments by industrialists?", "text": "The climate for industrial investments is improving in the state. However, more infrastructure has to be built up soon as investors are already here. They are struggling with lack of resources that is power, water, land etc. It would not be fair to bring in new industrialists. We need to first augment our existing infrastructure before bringing in more investors.Blaise CostabirIndustrialist, VernaWith the change in government things are looking positive in the industrial arena. This government is responsive. A proposal for a single window system is in the pipeline. Industries like IT and pharmaceuticals will definitely come up.Vinayak MordekarBusinessman, MargaoFor industry to flourish the state has to improve its infrastructure. The infrastructure we have presently is enough to set up small and medium industries. For big industries to come up and generate employment we have to upgrade and strengthen our infrastructure. Apart from water and power, skilled labour is also necessary. It is unfortunate that skilled labour is moving out of Goa. Once infrastructure is in place, industrialists will move in and skilled labour will not move out of Goa. Above all, Goa has to encourage environmental friendly industries. Goans can also invest in farming, fishing, tourism and real estate.Felix Vieirafinancial consultant, SiolimCompared to many states in India, Goa is blessed with good infrastructure for industrial development. Since the state is not drastically affected by the economic slowdown, I think the climate in the state is quite conducive for investors.Marlon Oliveirafinancial executive, Salvador do Mundo", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14560022", "title": "BJP could never prove corruption charges against me, Digvijaya Singh says", "text": "BHOPAL: Congress general secretary Digvijaya Singh today said the BJP government in Madhya Pradesh had failed to prove even a single corruption charge against him despite making all efforts since it came to power in 2003.Addressing a meeting of office-bearers of the state Congress committee, Singh said whenever he makes a statement against the BJP or the RSS, chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan is taken to task by the BJP leaders.\"The BJP leaders ask Chouhan as to why he was unable to bring out any corruption charge against me,\" Singh said.He said corruption had attained massive proportion during the BJP rule and unheard of things were happening in the state.\"Who could have imagined that assets worth Rs 350 crore would be recovered from the house of an IAS couple in the state?\" he asked.Similarly, crores of rupees were being seized during raids at the premises of store keepers and even peons, he said.In case the I-T department or the ED raids the houses of ministers in the state, it could find thousands of crores, Digvijaya claimed.If Congress came to power in Madhya Pradesh after the assembly elections next year, it would look into the assets of all ministers during the present BJP rule, he stated.Singh also asked the youth Congress workers to rise above factionalism and work in the interest of the party.He said Congress had always given encouragement to youth and pointed out that the average age of a Lok Sabha member in 1952 was much lower than what it is today.He said Indira Gandhi had also given lot of importance to the youth Congress and added that most of the party leaders now in position in New Delhi had once been associated with it.\"Even I had worked for the youth Congress at the beginning of my political career,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14552983", "title": "Kol Developmental Agency constituted", "text": "BHOPAL: A separate Kol Development Agency has been constituted to ensure all round development of backward Kol tribe from economic point of view in Madhya Pradesh. The Agency will work towards upliftment of about 10 lakh members of Kol tribe in the state.Kol Tribe Development Cells have also been constituted in the district offices of Tribal Welfare Department in Kol tribe-dominant districts including Rewa, Satna, Sidhi, Singrauli, Shahdol, Anuppur, Umaria, Katni, Jabalpur and Dindori to carry out Agency's works smoothly at the district-level. District Officer of concerning district will be the in-charge of the cell.Through the cells, schemes have been chalked out for Kol tribals' education, housing, and construction of community shades, health examination, employment, Badi development and forest produce-based programmes. One crore rupees was allocated for these activities last year. This year, schemes have been chalked out for Kol tribe's development by consulting local people's representatives.The Kol tribals are said to have emigrated from central India some five centuries ago. The Kol are further divided into a number of exogamous clans, such as the Rojaboria, Rautia, Thakuria, Monasi, Bhil, Chero and Barawire. They are now Hindu and speak the Bundelkhandi dialect. Most Kol are landless, and the forest is their main source of income. They collect firewood and leaves from the forest and sell these at the local markets. The Kol have been granted Scheduled Caste status.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14537253", "title": "Smuggled chicken seized", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A police team led by Parassala CI Anil Kumar on Saturday booked four men for illicitly smuggling broiler chicken at Parassala. Police seized chicken weighing 750 kg that were being transported in different vehicles.Police acted on a tip off and stationed at Parassala at 5am on Saturday morning. Five vehicles, including two cars, one bike and two scooters, carrying chicken were seized in the raid.The police collected tax amount worth Rs 40,000 from the four men who were booked in connection with smuggling.The other drivers of the vehicle fled from the scene seeing police. A police officer said that the team would intensify the crack down on illegal transporters of broiler chicken in the coming days too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14542407", "title": "Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation to blacklist contractors abandoning development works", "text": "PUNE: Contractors who do not start civic works even after work orders are issued would be blacklisted by the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation. The standing committee, which met on Thursday, has sought details from the civic administration about the affected works.Jagdish Shetty, chairman of the standing committee, said contractors in many wards have not completed their works even after receiving the work orders. Some had submitted bids at low rates and bagged the work orders. However, citing that they would be unable to complete the works at low rates, they later stopped work which was causing a loss to the civic body, he said.The civic body has recently published tenders inviting bids for 450 development projects. Shetty said directives have been issued to the civic administration not to open bids from contractors who have earlier stopped the work on the projects. \"We have demanded a list of contractors who are not implementing the projects even after getting work ordersThe list will be submitted by the administration,\" he said.Discussing unauthorized constructions along Pavana river bed ,were also discussed. committee members Chandrakant Sonkamble and Ashwini Chinchawade sought to know why the civic body did not take steps to stop unauthorized constructions in the initial stages.The committee approved a proposal to buy medicines worth Rs 9 crore required by the health department for two years. The civic body will buy 1,495 types of medicines from 60 suppliers.Shetty said, \"The civic body has only finalised the rates of the medicines to be purchased from dealers for two years. We will not purchase all these medicines at one time instead we will purchase them in quantities as and when needed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14541739", "title": "Visually-challenged students get a new Braille library", "text": "Mysore: A private Braille library inaugurated on Saturday would allow visually-challenged students in the city to expand their world of books.M A Shivaprakash, Founder of Divya Jyothi Charitable Trust, came up with the library as he faced difficulty in getting Braille books while he was studying. \"I want to make the life of other visually-challenged students easier. I don't want them to face the difficulties I faced,\" said Shivaprakash.He recollected that he did not get Braille books during his undergraduation and postgraduation. \"Many a times I had to go to Bangalore to get my course books, \"he recalled. Shivaprakash studied political science in his postgraduation and currently he is pursuing his Phd at the University of Mysore.He also claimed that this is the first such private library established in the city. The library, located in Gokalum third stage near Sri Krishna Temple, has a collection of 400 books. Text books related to 9th and 10th standard are also available. Academic books for students of BA and MA are accessible for the students. Other than academic books, magazines and novels are also available.\"As of now, we have bought books from an NGO in Bangalore. We also plan to keep books for other undergraduate courses and post graduation courses. We want to focus on general knowledge books as well, Shivaprakash said.The Braille transcription centre that also inaugurated has five Braille typewriters. \"There will be manual printing of books on various topics, though on a small scale, \" said Dhananjay S, trustee of the centre. There were be talking books for those who cannot read Braille, he added.Rukmini G, a teacher at Rangarao Smaraka School for Blind, said that the library will benefit many students who usually find it difficult to get the books they need.The centre has also been conducting computer classes and spoken English classes for the past three years for the visually challenged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14556598", "title": "Vamsi Paidipally clarifies about Mahesh\u2019s film", "text": "Director Vamsi Paidipally has reacted on the news that's making rounds. It's been strongly rumored that Vamsi would direct superstar Mahesh Babu's next film, however, the director had clarified that he is still in talks with the superstar and nothing has been finalized as of now. \"My project with Mahesh is not yet confirmed!!!! talks are on\" (sic), the director posted on his Twitter account.Meanwhile, Vamsi Paidipalli is filming \"Yevadu\" starring mega power star Ram Charan. The director has completed shooting more than 50% of the film and is planning to release the film next year. On the other hand, Mahesh Babu is working with Srikanth Addala for Seethamma Vaakilto Sirimalle Chettu, apart from Sukumar's untitled film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14541043", "title": "CWC to monitor child welfare institutions", "text": "Mangalore: Dakshina Kannada district Child Welfare Committee (CWC) chairperson Asha Nayak said on Saturday that the voluntary organizations that have been recognized as fit institutions under the Juvenile Justice Act should adhere to the rules and provide facilities to children.At an interaction programme organized by the Journalists' Study Centre here as part of Kannada Press Day celebrations, Asha said the CWC has sought complete data regarding the number of children and facilities provided from 41 registered fit institutions that are functioning in the district.\"We will gather details of children in various institutions and will see whether all norms are adhered to. All CWC members have the magisterial power and we can issue warrant if any sort of child right violation instances take place.,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14542898", "title": "Science Express to impart info on biodiversity Science Express in Pune on Sept 12", "text": "PUNE: The Science Express-biodiversity special train will halt in Pune from September 12 to 15.An initiative of the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF), in partnership with the department of science and technology, the train will cover 100 stations in two years. The train, which was flagged off from New Delhi on June 5, will reach Khadki station on September 12. It will cover 150 stations this year and 50 in the next.The coaches will host exhibitions highlighting the biodiversity across the bio-geographic zones in the country, have labs for students to conduct experiments and support conference training facilities for teachers. Activities will also be organised for the public on the railway platform.An MoEF spokesperson told TOI that there the Science Express will display biodiversity for the first time. There are 45 communicators trained to cover various aspects of biodiversity and they will explain the exhibits and help with the experiments. The idea is to create widespread awareness on biodiversity. \"Wherever the train travels, activities like quizzes, poster-making and slogan competitions are being planned to engage visitors. Specific outreach programmes will be conducted at local schools and institutions associated with the ministry's national environment awareness programme and national green corps,\" said the spokesperson.Of the 16 coaches of Science Express, eight are dedicated to showcasing the myriad biodiversity spread across the bio-geographical zones - the trans-Himalaya and the Himalayas, the Gangetic plains, north-east India, the desert and semi-arid zone, the Western Ghats, the Deccan peninsula, the coasts and islands.The focus will be on the range of biological diversity, critically endangered species, biodiversity hotspots, agriculture, animal husbandry, biodiversity and livelihoods, bio-culture, climate change and conservation measures.The exhibition covers marine, coastal, forest, microbial, agro-biodiversity and their linkage with livelihoods besides challenges of conservation. Three other coaches have exhibits on climate change, energy and water conservation.The 'Joy of Science' lab will be housed in another coach where students can perform experiments and participate in activities to understand concepts of biodiversity, climate change, environment and science. A conference room cum training facility is provided in a coach primarily for the purpose of capacity building of teachers.Various private companies have supported some of the exhibits and activities in the remaining four coaches.The train will be stationed at Hyderabad from October 9 to 19 during the international convention on biological diversity, at the Conference of the Parties COP11, for delegates and dignitaries to be able to experience the rich biodiversity of the country. Several institutes have contributed for the exhibition on wheels like Vikram A Sarabhai Community Science Centre (VASCSC), Centre for Environment Education (CEE), Ahmedabad, Bombay Natural History Society, Centre for Ecological Sciences, Indian Institute of Science, G. B. Pant Institute of Himalayan Environment and Development, Indian Council of Forestry Research and Education, National Centre for Sustainable Coastal Management, National Museum of Natural History, Wildlife Institute of India and Wildlife Trust of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "14540108", "title": "Huda reduces enhancement fee by 50% for sec 25, 26", "text": "PANCHKULA: The residents of sectors 25 and 26, Panchkula, who were till now regretting the decision to purchased plots here, now have a reason to smile as the Haryana Urban Development Authority (Huda) has decided to cut down the enhanced compensation fee by around 50%. Huda had imposed lakhs of compensation on commercial areas which did not fall under the category of the plot owners. Huda had imposed fifth enhancement of Rs 1,967.51 per square yard for the plot owners of Sector 25, which has now been reduced to around Rs 933.81 and enhancement of Rs 3,361.80 per square yard has been reduced to Rs 1,839.81. Not only this, the sixth enhancement has also been imposed by Huda.\"Thanks to the court orders, Huda was forced to sympathize with public,\" said president of Joint Action Committee, S S Gill. Rajbeer Singh, a resident of Sector 26, Panchkula, said, \"For us, it's a big reason to smile. We have been crying for the past many years with Huda constantly imposing enhancements and increasing the same each year. We could not even celebrate our festivals because of the heavy enhancement fee.\"On the other side, plot owners of sectors 27 and 28 are still waiting for relief. When contacted, estate officer of the Huda, Ashwini Sharma, confirmed the development. \"Yes, the compensation has been reduced. The decision was taken following court orders.\"The plot owners had alleged that while calculating the enhanced compensation for four sectors, (from sectors 25 to 28) Huda has taken the total area as 1,150 acres. On the other hand, Haryana government had itself taken stand that while acquisition was of 1,153 acres of land with a total of 1,074 acres for development of the five sectors. Thus, the areas of sectors 25 to 28 were obviously less than 1,074 acres.Huda was seeking to recover enhanced compensation for 402.75 acres of land from the existing allottees, which fall under the Ghaggar River.Huda also said large areas in these sectors are ear-marked for the EWS category. The flotation rate of these areas was several times lower than that for the general category. However, the major portion of the enhanced compensation for such area is being borne by the existing allottees under the general category.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14543088", "title": "Sangma confident of winning Presidential polls", "text": "GUWAHATI: Presidential candidate PA Sangma is back home at Tura in Meghalaya to kick off his campaign and he is confident of defeating UPA nominee Pranab Mukherjee , upsetting all vote calculations done by the Congress.\"I have never lost any election in my life. I have contested parliamentary election nine times and my margin has increased each time. I have also contested assembly election twice and I have won on both occasions. After the counting is over, you will wonder 'are, kor pora Sangma eman vote pale (hey, from where did Sangma get so many votes),\" he said here on Saturday, before leaving for Tura.Sangma said, \"I am a Christian and I believe in miracles and in God.\" It added, \"It is not a miracle alone and it is a question of hard work as well.\"Sangma crticized the Congress for counting votes that Mukherjee would be able to garner. \"It is unconstitutional to count votes. How do you calculate votes in presidential election because I am free to vote whoever I want to vote.\"He added, \"Pranab babu is no longer a Congressman. He is also constitutionally not a Congress candidate. There is no symbol in presidential election because it is above parties. The presidential election is not governed by the 10th Schedule of the Constitution.\"Appealing to all members of the electoral college to cast their conscience votes, Sangma said, \"No party can issue a whip as the presidential candidate do not belong to any party and even if a whip is issued, it is not enforceable. Therefore, the members of the electoral college should not have any doubt and they are free to cast their vote for any candidate of their choice. Article 55 of the Constitution clearly says the presidential election shall be held by secret ballot. I appeal to all members of the electoral college to vote for me without any fear and hesitation. Nobody is allowed to take any action against you.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14559142", "title": "Amy Jackson in Shankar's next?", "text": "Samantha, who has walked out of Shankar's next film allegedly for acne problems and treatment, is apparently replaced by Brit beauty pageant winner and multi-lingual heroine Amy Jackson.While the buzz has been big from Shankar's circle that Vikram may romance his Thaandavam heroine Amy again in this film, Amy's spokesperson says that she is yet to discuss the finer details about the project since Amy is in the US for an assignment.The film, which is titled I , has Vikram and Shankar teaming up after Anniyan. Rumours also suggest that there is a second heroine in the film. Sources suggest that Shankar wants to have one face familiar to Tamil audience, while the other one may be a face from Bollywood. Let's see who the final heroines turn out to be!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14540544", "title": "26% power tariff hike from today", "text": "NEW DELHI: The 26% hike in power tariff for domestic consumers in the city will come into effect from Sunday.The new rates were announced by the Delhi Electricity Regulatory Commission on Wednesday. The domestic consumers will be the hardest hit as tariff for the segment has been hiked the most compared to commercial and industrial categories. This is the fourth hike in tariff in the last 10 months.The regulator had hiked the tariff by 22% in August last yearfor all categories of consumers. The tariff was hiked by 5% in February and by up to 2% in May to adjust the power purchase cost of the distribution companies.The hike in areas served by NDPL will be around 27.88% while the increase in areas served by BSES Rajdhani Power Ltd and BSES Yamuna Power Ltd will be 25.47% and 25.29% respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14553898", "title": "Shruti Hassan in Ravi Teja\u2019s Balupu?", "text": "Actress Shruti Hassan, who is currently basking in the success of her recent blockbuster Telugu movie \"Gabbar Singh\", might soon be paired opposite 'mass maharaja' Ravi Teja. If the buzz is to be believed, the makers of Ravi Teja's upcoming film \"Balupu\" (tentatively titled) are contemplating her for the female lead.After the success of \"Gabbar Singh\", Shruti Hassan has become one of those actresses who are in good demand in Tollywood. Shruti is getting several offers from top production houses and filmmakers but she has not confirmed any film officially.Gopichand Malineni, who earlier directed Ravi Teja for \"Don Seenu\" is again wielding the megaphone for this film. Prasad V Potluri producing this film on PVP banner. Kona Venkat is penning the script and SS Thaman is composing the music for the movie, which might go on to the floors in July.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14557052", "title": "PP Upadhya takes over as managing director of Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals Limited", "text": "MANGALORE: Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals Limited (MRPL) has a new managing director in PP Upadhya. He took charge from Uttam Kumar Basu who superannuated on June 30. A chemical engineer from National Institute of Technology - Karnataka, Upadhya has more than three decades of experience in the petroleum refining industry. Upadhya started his career in the industry with Indian Oil Corporation Limited , a fortune 500 company.Completion of phase III facilities at MRPL including single point mooring (SPM) off New Mangalore and polypropylene unit, improving energy performance and procurement of alternate crude oil in wake of fresh sanctions on Iran by United States of America , Upadhya said will be his top priority. Proficient in all spheres of public life, he is currently a member in the Petronet Mangalore-Hassan-Bangalore Pipeline board representing ONGC .During the tenure of Basu, phase III of MRPL was commissioned enhancing the nameplate capacity of the company to 15 million metric tonnes per annum. Basu spearheaded SPM and polypropylene projects, which are going to be the margin drivers for the company. MRPL, incidentally under Basu became the first refinery to produce Euro-IV diesel and achieved excellent rating in the memorandum of understanding performance for all three years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14541946", "title": "Lucknow University to give identity cards during its UG counselling", "text": "LUCKNOW: From this year, Lucknow University will give identity cards to students who will confirm their admission in various undergraduate courses right at the time of counselling. LU admission coordinator, Prof Rajeev Pandey said, \"All students who will confirm their seats and make fee payment will get the identity card at the counselling venue.\"The initiative has been taken as in the past years, university authorities have failed to provide identity cards to students even after they complete one year. The counselling for UG courses which begins today at Dr GL Gupta Institute, Lucknow University, and New Campus will also see better arrangements in comparison to previous years.Admission committee officials informed that a screen will be put near the main pandal which will display the status of vacant seats in different courses. \"This will help students in keeping a track of seats vacant. They will also not run here and there to know about the status of seats,\" said Prof Pandey.On Sunday, the counselling for admissions to BCom (Hons), BCA, LLb (Hons), and BA (Hons) will begin at 8 am. On day one, students from open category will participate. This will be followed by open waiting students for BCA, LLb (Hons), and BA (Hons) at 12 noon. The university has a total of 210 seats for BA (Hons), 100 for BCom (Hons), 120 in LLb (Hons), and 60 seats in BCA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14558317", "title": "RiRi puts on poor show after appearing 45mins late in Sweden", "text": "Rihanna, who headlined the annual Peace and Love Festival in Sweden , kept her fans waiting for 45 minutes, before she took the stage on Saturday.If that wasn't bad enough, furious fans took to Twitter to claim that she appeared intoxicated and wasn't singing live.\"Really don't feel like watching Rihanna under the influence gig. Who the f*** allowed her on stage in this state? #pal12,\" the Daily Mail quoted one disgruntled fan as tweeting.Some fans questioned whether the Barbadian singer was under the influence of drugs as her performance was so bad, with one person calling her \"disgusting and shameful.\"The Twitter user wrote \"Rihanna is blatantly under the influence of drugs and is allowed to perform in front of children and young people. It is disgusting and shameful. #pal12.\"Another added \"Crowd walk-out from #Rihanna concert at #peaceandlove #pal12 #Sweden claiming she's too high to sing properly.\"Although the crowd waited 45 minutes for Rihanna to arrive, many left soon after she started singing because of her poor performance\"Playback and being high as a kite is not rocking P and L #Rihanna #pal12\" another wrote.Walking out of the gig wasn't enough for one person who added \"Rihanna is dead in my eyes... How can you be so f****** bad? #pal2012 #pal12.\"As if her shambolic performance wasn't enough of an insult to the people of Sweden, Rihanna then dedicated 'Redemption Song' to Norway after getting the countries mixed up.She was referring to right wing extremist Anders Behring Breivik , who killed 77 people in twin attacks in Norway last year.A concertgoer tweeted Borlange isnt't Oslo and no people weren't killed by Breivik here... But thanks for coming #pal12.\"Rihanna had played at the Kollen Festival in Oslo on Friday and had clearly confused the two countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14537060", "title": "Man jumps bail, arrested after 26 years", "text": "MUMBAI: He never thought that his two months vacation to Mumbai would land him in jail.A murder accused who jumped bail 26 years ago and fled to Bahrain, taking up a driver's job for a Saudi colonel, and took up a driver's job for a Saudi colonel, until recently was arrested from Kurla on Friday. Mohammed Nusrat Chutan Qureshi was arrested after he came to meet his close close relative in Kasaiwada, Kurla (E), east on Friday. Sources said that Qureshi's tip-off was allegedly passed on by his first wife's relative.The Anti Robbery Squad of crime branch had kept a watch on Qureshi's relative's house for nearly three days before raiding it. the house.Qureshi was arrested and produced before the metropolitan magistrate and was remanded in judicial custody. The police will be sending him to jail and his pending trial will resume. Qureshi believed that Chikna was eyeing his sister and hence he picked up a fight and stabbed Chikna to death and fled. Qureshi was arrested and was in jail for few days. In 1989 he jumped bail and went into hiding,'' said assistant commissioner of police Praful Bhosle.Bhosle said that Qureshi fled to his native place in Uttar Pradesh from where he allegedly made a passport and fled to Bahrain and worked as a driver for a colonel and kept on visiting UP through Delhi airport. In 2000 the court declared him an absconder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14538264", "title": "Administration gears up to combat malaria", "text": "KANPUR: The medical and civic authorities claimed of gearing up to combat vector-borne diseases.Chief medical officer R P Yadav said that the government is planning door-to-door campaigning and providing free anti-dose of malaria and dengue in all the government hospitals. The demand for funds for implementation of the programme has been sent to state health authorities. Nearly Rs 34.40 lakh are demanded for the control of vector-borne diseases. The money would be used in lab tests, training, advertisement and other aspects of the programme.\"We have a good stock of 'arsinate' and other medicines to check malaria, typhoid and other diseases which occur during rainy season. We have constituted two rapid response teams which will soon reach the spot where people suffering from such diseases are identified. There are 110 teams to do anti-larval spray in various localities,\" Yadav said.The regional malaria control board had also geared up for the precautionary measures to be taken. Urban malaria officer S C Pathak said that the disease basically occurs in the initial stages and the end of rainy season as mosquitoes breed only in stagnant water.Meanwhile, the nagar nigam is set to co-operate with medical authorities. The KNN officials have directed the workers to spread DDT and anti-larvae medicines in all the areas. Fogging will be done in various parts of the city. KNN has six big fogging machines and 13 small hand machines, which are sufficient to cover all six zones of the city twice a month. District medical officer (KNN) L K Tiwari said that 'melathian technical 95 per cent' is used in fogging. The civic body has sufficient stock of it to last a month. The KNN authorities claimed that the government had also grant four new big fogging machines which will soon be inducted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14537778", "title": "Two-day \u2018Debutant\u2019 event conducted in Kochi schools", "text": "KOCHI: The Literary and Debating Club (L&D; Club) members of the National Institute of Technology, Calicut, who are in the city to bring out the creative side in young students, organized a two-day event 'Debutant' in city schools.The event involved informal group discussions, fun games and an assortment of activities guaranteed to make any person speak up.With intriguing names such as 'Mafia' and a novel version of the popular game Dumb-charades in the form of 'Dumb Dumb C', the L&D; Club garnered an overwhelming response from around 120 participants.Started in 2011, this is the second edition of the \"Debutant\". Brainchild of Tony Sebastian, secretary of the L&D; Club, the programme is an effort to make a difference among the school and college going crowd.Aiswarya John, a participant and student of Rajagiri Public School said, \"It was a very well organized event that was very educational and at the same time had a lot of fun elements as well.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14540944", "title": "6-yr-old falls into pond, feared dead", "text": "JAIPUR: Playing near the pond proved fatal for a six-year-old boy who slipped and fell into it on Saturday evening. The incident occurred at Shivdaspura village in the city outskirts.The boy's family had a trying time as the rescue operations too began late. And with it, even the faintest hope of his survival was destroyed.The divers, who first reached the spot, felt it was too risky to get inside the 'muddy' pond, and decided to instead pump out the water.Nearly two hours after the incident, a team of district administration, police and civil defense finally got down with the operation of fishing out the body which continued till last reports came in.Several villagers got into a confrontation with the officials accusing them of failing to act promptly.The victim Vishal was throwing stones in the pond while his sister was busy grazing the goats when suddenly he slipped and fell into it.The sister, on hearing Vishal's cries, ran to get help. Soon the news spread and a team of professional divers reached the spot, nearly half-an-hour after the incident. However, they found the pond 'muddy' and difficult to get into.\"Initially we decided that the divers would be able to fish out the body. But with the pond being too muddy, swimming would be risky. Thus, we decided to pump out the water from the pond which is 25-30 feet deep,\" said Naveen Mahajan, Jaipur collector who was monitoring the rescue operation.He said owing to its depth, it would take the team at least five-seven hours to pump out the water from the pond.Non-availability of lights further hindered the operation which finally started almost two hours after the boy fell into the pond.Angry villagers said they had earlier written to the authorities to cover up the pond. \"It was too dangerous but nobody gave heed to it,\" said Surjaram, a native of Shivdaspura village.Till 10.30 pm when the last reports came the body could not be taken out, said, Shilpa Chaudhary assistant commissioner of police, Chaksu", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14538066", "title": "Sharawan and swings a beautiful combination", "text": "VARANASI: The holy month of Shrawan is considered incomplete without installation of wooden swings called jhoola, dolna, dolara, hindola in the backyard of house, orchards and lawns. The to and fro movement of the swings during the rainy season create a state of ecstasy and happiness.However, swings and the emotions attached with them have undergone changes. \"The multi-storeyed apartments has left little scope for setting up traditional swings. The disappearing of trees from back and front yards of the modern houses and the concept of lawns had paved way for furniture swings, which are now placed at terrace and lawns, giving a beautiful look to the exterior of the house,\" Shiv Prasad, a swing seller at Jangambadi said.\"Even though most of the people fix furniture swing in their lawns or terrace but they wait for the arrival of Shrawan to swing. Nothing can be more refreshing than the company of nature. I had already planned the space for a swing in my house four months back and fix it as the Shrawan begins,\" Varsha, a buyer at a shop in Maldahiya, said.According to furniture shop owners, there are over 10 varieties of swings made up of wood, brass, steel, iron, plastic and cane are available in the market. The sale increases by 50-60 per cent with the arrival of Shrawan.\"Nearly 10 swings are sold each day with the onset of Shrawan month. Apart from the local customers, swings are also supplied to customers in Jaunpur, Azamgarh, Ghazipur, Allahabad and other neighbouring areas,\" Abdul, another shopkeeper, said.The wooden swings are preferred by people having a big budget. Plastic and cane swings are most popular and affordable. Chinese swings are also available since the past 7-8 years.Another shopkeeper said that the Chinese swings are generally made up of steel and iron rods which are covered with cloth and nylon strips.\"Like all the Chinese products, these swings cost less and not so durable. However, the swings are portable and take less space,\" he said.The cost of wooden and metal swings with Rajasthani and Gujarati designs range between Rs 12,000 and Rs 20,000. The Chinese swings are available for Rs 4,000 to 5,000. The two-seater and four-seater brass swings cost between Rs 22,000 and Rs 25,000.The customers also purchase small swings made of silver or brass for the idol of Lord Krishna.According to a shopkeeper of brass articles in Vishwanath Gali, metal swings are very popular, people from Bengal, Maharashtra, Gujarat and entire southern India come to purchase 'palna' and jhoola which are kept near the place of worship at homes and temples. \"Several such swings are sold daily during the celebrations of Janmashtami,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14539344", "title": "ACPMEC admissions: Medical merit cut-off up by 4 marks", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Admission Committee for Professional Medical Education Courses (ACPMEC) on Saturday declared the first merit list for admission in 8,500-odd medical, dental and other paramedical courses in the state. This year, merit cut off admission in medical seats has gone up by two to four marks.Officials said that compared to last year, cut-off in government medical colleges is high by one or two marks. In self-financed colleges, the merit cut-off for admission has gone up by three to four marks.A total of 17,426 students applied for admission in medical and paramedical courses. The merit list declared is of 16,293 students.Shreya Patel is on the top of the medical list with 97.96 marks. Last year, the students ranking first in the merit list got 98.99 marks. Manan Trivedi ranks second in the merit list with 97.58 marks, while Kalyani Maulik ranks third with 97.50 marks.This year, there are two students from Ahmedabad who have ranked one to 10 in the medical and paramedical merit list, while there are eight students from the city in the list of top 50. Last year, there were nine students in the top 50 from the city.Last year, the medical merit list had 11,746 students from Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board. This year, there has been an increase of 4,500 students with 16,246 students from the state board finding a place in the first merit list.ACPMEC officials said that the admissions will be given from July 17. Students will be communicated the admission schedule and sent a call letter to appear before the admission committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14535710", "title": "India wins another gulf war, gets Fasih", "text": "NEW DELHI: After the arrest of 26/11 handler Abu Jundal, India is on the verge of another success in Saudi Arabia having convinced the authorities there to deport Bihar engineer Fasih Mahmood, accused of carrying out terror strikes in India and recruiting youths for terror-related activities.Highly placed sources in the government said India issued an identity certificate to the Saudi authorities for Fasih last week after Pakistani agencies too laid claim by stating that Fasih had a valid Pakistani passport. Pakistani agencies had made a similar claim for Jundal.Sources said US pressure helped in swinging the case in India's favour.Another suspect to be deported with FasihSaudi authorities said they had the option of ignoring the identity certificate issued by India through the ministry of external affairs for terror suspect Fasih Mahmood to counter Pakistan's claim that he was a Pakistani national. Sources said that US pressure helped swing the case in India's favour. In fact, it was Washington that had worked on the Saudis to get Fasih detained in the first place.It is also learnt that the Saudis have agreed to deport another Indian terror suspect along with Fasih, but his identity has not been confirmed yet. Indian authorities suspect Fasih is linked with Riyaz Bhatkal and Iqbal Bhatkal, leaders of LeT proxy Indian Mujahideen (IM).Sources say the two absconding terrorists won Fasih over when he was studying engineering in Karnataka. The engineer from Bihar's Darbhanga district has since tried to find new recruits for LeT plots. A CBI team is likely to be sent to Riyadh to bring him back.Sources said they had to face stiff opposition from Pakistani agencies bent on proving that Fasih was a Pakistani national. He was even said to have a passport issued from Lahore . \"Fasih was obviously in regular touch with agencies in Pakistan which tried to protect him,\" said a source. Pakistani agencies apparently wanted Fasih to be either released or sent to Pakistan.Indian agencies said his interrogation will be crucial because as a prime recruiter for terrorist activities in India he has knowledge of several sleeper modules operating across the country. \"Keeping that in mind he is no less a catch than Jundal,\" added the official.According to the Interpol Red Corner Notice issued for Fasih, his name surfaced in the Pune's German Bakery blast case followed by the Chinnaswamy Stadium blast in Bangalore. The notice says that he has been a member of Indian Mujahideen since 2003. He is alleged to have been involved in the 2010 Jama Masjid blast and shootout cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14537675", "title": "Officials to check all buildings for fire traps", "text": "Mumbai: Now check and certify your electrical fittings to the requisite standards once a year or face heavy penalties. The disastrous Mantralaya fire seems to be finally forcing the state administration to amend the laws.In our report on the fire we will recommend mandatory checks and certification of electrical fittings from electrical inspectors of that district (for buildings of 50 feet high and above) and the power suppliers (for buildings below 50 feet height) once in a year instead of existing five years. Also the fees and fines which range between Rs 400 to Rs 1500 will be enhanced to put pressure on the citizens as well as the administration by amending the Electricity Act,\" a senior official said.The law says that before commissioning power supply in the buildings of height above 15 meter or (50 feet) it is mandatory to take no objection certificate (NoC) from area electrical engineer after the scrutiny of its electricity network. As per law, it is also necessary to get electrification checked and certified every five years from the engineer. Similarly, in the buildings below 50 feet the power supplier has to check the electrification regularly for each consumer and then discharge supply in the consumer's network.\"In Maharashtra for each district there is an electrical inspector appointed by the energy department . However, the maintenance and inspection of the government buildings is done by the public works department's electrical engineers. There is a staff shortage. Except for developers very few people know about inspectors.Another official said that there have been no surveys and inspections of government buildings across the state. \"It has been told to the office of electrical inspectors in the state to attain revenue target by giving NoCs and regular checks to only private buildings. Hence government buildings are completely ignored. We will ensure that either inspectors or PWD's electrical engineers do that regularly,\" he said.\"In the present system if any building is found not following electrification norms, the electrical inspectors give 15 days to one-month notice to do so. If the deadline is not followed by the developer or society of that building then again it is extended. And after giving NoC by charging Rs 400, every next check is given by charging paltry Rs 200 as there is no provision of stringent punishments or heavy fines. For very high buildings the maximum fine charged is Rs 1500,\" the official said. The defaulters keep on paying the fine several times but never go for upgrading electrical networks to avoid costs.\"Separation in norms for 50 feet building and above was devised long ago when BMC had no ladders beyond the level. Now even after having bigger ladders the rule is blindly followed. We need to review and update these regulations,\" he pointed out. Another technocrat said besides changing the structures of electrical inspectors of government and power suppliers, it should be made mandatory for every consumer to put circuit breakers even to the invertors, in-house generators and batteries besides to the main supply in the apartment, building or commercial unit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14539915", "title": "Night tourism to light up \u2018rocks\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In coming months, you would be able to enjoy artworks of creator of Rock Garden Nekchand, and cool breeze at Rose Garden and gaze at the moon reflected in the Sukhna Lake during the late night hours.In a bid to start night tourism in city, Chandigarh administration has initiated the feasibility to open Rock Garden, Rose Garden and entrance of Sukhna Lake for public during late evening and night hours. A feasibility study in this regard has been started which will be completed within two months. Ministry of tourism has already kept aside Rs 5 crore to develop the culture of night tourism in the city.Besides other crucial points, the exercise would involve illumination study with an attempt to give natural look to Rock Garden without disturbing any natural elements. Besides this blinking lights at Rose Garden and entrance of Sukhna Lake will also be installed to add glossier look in these prominent tourist destinations.Confirming this UT adviser K K Sharma said, \"We are doing feasibility study to explore possibility of night tourism, primarily at Rock Garden by keeping all angles like security, lighting in the mind. We are hopeful that the initiative will attract tourists as well as city residents.\"Professor Pardeep Bhagat, principal of the Government Architect College and expert of lighting design, who is doing the feasibility study to prepare the report, revealed, \"Night tourism would help attract tourists to city, mainly transit and foreign tourists. It will also boost industries like hotel and restaurants. The timings of opening Rock Garden is yet to be fixed, but once approved it will be open till late night for public.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14538056", "title": "Rainfall would bolster kharif crop", "text": "VARANASI: The weak and delayed monsoon may have left agriculture scientists and farmers sweating in the region so far, but the experts of crop forecast centre are hopeful that good rainfall in the months of July and August would compensate for the delay and bolster kharif crop in the season.These are still initial days of monsoon season and it would be too early to predict slump in productivity of paddy crop, main crop of kharif season, which is harvested in September-October month. We are going by the weather forecast of IMD, which predicts good rainfall in the coming two months in most parts of the country. However, if the monsoon fails in the next month (July), there would be a significant slump in the productivity, even if late sowing of paddy is witnessed, said Dr SS Ray, Director, National Crop Forecast Centre (NCFC), Ministry of Agriculture, New Delhi on Saturday.It may be mentioned here that Dr Ray was the chief guest of valedictory function of six-days advance level workshop on 'application of crop simulation model and decision support system in yield forecasting, jointly organised by Institute of Environment and Sustainable Development, BHU in collaboration with IMD that concluded on Saturday.Stressing that NCFC centre has already started making headway in crop forecasting after coming into existence on April 23 this year, the director of the centre further added that a number of crops including paddy, wheat, potato, sugarcane, rape seeds and cotton have been included for crop forecast during pre-harvesting period under the centre. We are using tools to come up with predictive model based on remote sensing satellite data and ground field observations. Measures are also being taken to enable complete package of crop yield and various state agricultural universities, ICAR centres, ISRO and IITs are collaborating in the endeavour, he added on the occasion.The NCFC director also showed concern regarding future challenges in coming up with crop forecast given the regional climatic variations and diversity in the country.\"We are focusing on capacity building to prepare a base of trained staffs that could use the vital data and ensure their application for predicting crop forecast. Presently, forecast of fruits and vegetables (except potatoes) are not in the pipeline, but after capacity building exercise, the horticultural products would be also included in the project,\" he said.Meanwhile, six-days advance level workshop on 'application of crop simulation model and decision support system in yield forecasting', jointly organised by IESD, BHU in collaboration with IMD, New Delhi concluded on Saturday. Apart from Dr KK Singh, head, Aromet, IMD, New Delhi, a number of faculty members including Prof AS Raghubanshi, director, IESD, Prof Umesh Singh, coordinator, DST-CIMS, BHU and training coordinator, Dr RK Mall were also present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "kuala lumpur", "code": "14558176", "title": "India, Pakistan share honours in U-19 Asia Cup after thrilling tie", "text": "KUALA LUMPUR: Indian colts lost wickets in a heap towards the end of the innings as the U-19 Asia Cup final against Pakistan ended in a thrilling tie as both countries shared honours at the Kinrara Academy Oval, on Sunday.While Pakistan scored 282 for nine off 50 overs, India could only level scores losing eight wickets when the proceedings ended.Required to get seven off the last over, India lost skipper Unmukt Chand (121) in the fourth ball before Rush Kalaria slammed Ehsan Adil through the off side for a four to level the scores.The right-hander, however, failed to score of the last ball of the match as he chipped it straight to the mid-off, much to the dismay of the 2000 odd people present at the ground.Chasing a victory target of 282, India started off sedately losing opener Manan Vohra in the fifth over before Chand and Baba Aparajith combined together to put their team into the drivers seat.The duo amassed 175 runs for the second wicket, with Aparajith leading the run chase with a strokeful 90 off just 86 balls before being dismissed by Mohammad Nawaz in the 37th over of the match.Chand on the other side encashed his rich form to compile a yet another century to keep India in the hunt until he hit a short pitched delivery from Adil straight to the cover boundary in the final over of the day.Vijay Zol, who followed Aparajith to the crease, could not contribute much with the bat as he fell to Zia-ul-Haq after adding just 11 to the Indian total.Akshdeep Nath (23) in association with skipper Chand took India closer to the target, summing 33 runs for the fourth wicket, but his dismissal in the 45th over opened the floodgates as the team lost five wickets for just 35 runs to finish the match at 282 for eight.For Pakistan, Adil and Nawaz took three wickets apiece to halt the rampaging Indian side.Earlier, Pakistan rode on a strokefull 134 of just 124 balls from opener Sami Aslam to pile up challenging total on the board.Aslam was helped by Umar Waheed (48) to take Pakistan to stability after they lost skipper Babar Azam and Imam-ul-Haq at a score of 62.Aslam and Waheed added 100 runs for the third wicked before Vikas Mishra got better off the later in the 32nd over of the match.Sandeep Sharma then castled Mohammad Nawaz on 13 before left-armer Kalaria returned to pick five wickets in the death overs to restrict Pakistan to 282 for nine at the end of their innings.Kalaria returned with a match figures of five for 37 from his quota of 10 overs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "aligarh", "code": "14541049", "title": "Whistleblower warrior", "text": "ALIGARH: The bullets flew in thick and fast. One entered through the back of his skull and exited through his eye. Two got him on the face. Another grazed past his chest. He still retained consciousness though his early morning game of badminton was over. Lying in a pool of blood, Rinku Singh Rahi remembers asking for help. Soon, an ambulance was on its way. He survived emerging from the hospital three months later with an artificial eye, a contorted cheek and amazement at having survived.Rahi is no gangster at the receiving end of a blood feud. He is just a PCS officer doing his job playing by the rules. At the time of the shootout on March 26, 2009, he was posted in Muzaffarnagar as a social welfare officer. The attack came barely four months after he had joined service. Rahi, whose father runs a modest atta-chakki (small-scale flour mill) in Aligarh, was not even a week into his job when he began to enquire about various discrepancies in disbursement of funds of the public service schemes his department handled. It began with threats, as he recounts, from everyone including senior officers down to the accountant. Then came an incident where he was beaten up. And then, the fateful March morning. Soon after he recovered from the shoot-out , Rahi was transferred to Aligarh. Here, he is currently a course coordinator in a pre-exam training center for SC/ST IAS aspirants \u2014 a position that the 30-year-old PCS officer says is for someone at least \"two ranks junior\" . The nine persons charged with assaulting him are free men today.At the training centre, Rahi arranges faculty and even teaches . He has written to a superior asking for clarity on the exact nature of his role here, and is waiting for a response. Earlier this year, he sat on a fast in Lucknow , demanding answers to the RTI he had filed enquiring about the flow of funds and several cases of missing beneficiaries.Uncovering the siphoning off of funds meant for pensioners, says Rahi, was no rocket science. He says that there were some 63,000 pensioners on record in files. But it turned out there were actually only some 47,000. With the support of the district magistrate, Rahi managed to put the records of the pension scheme in Muzaffarnagar online. \"When this happened, the accountant in my department threatened me with dire consequences if I carried on with this work. A senior official called me up and told me 'imaandari chhor do (stop being honest).' The other option he gave me was to write to him saying I can't handle the work here anymore, following which he would have me transferred,\" says the officer, who enjoys reading Premchand.But what really turned the tide against him, Rahi believes, is when he made information about a scholarship scheme public. \"From what I could gather, Rs 30-40 crore must have been siphoned off from this scheme. We put all the information about funds and when they were released in the public domain. I clearly told journalists that whatever file they wanted would be made available to them,\" he says.Varied tactics were used to silence Rahi. He was even offered a \"cut.\" A senior official who had the financial charge for social welfare schemes presented Rahi with a newspaperwrapped bundle full of cash. After he refused to even unwrap it, one fine evening, he was beaten up by goons on the street. \"I heard one of them suggest that I be thrown in front of a truck. That would have been easy to dress as an accident. We have seen that happen in the case of Satyendranath Dubey and Narendra Kumar Singh,\" he says, referring to the murders of the Patna engineer and the UP IPS officer who reported large-scale corruption.Several times throughout the conversation , Rahi says almost in a whisper, \"I know this is how I will die.\" At the same time however , he emphasizes that his brush with death has made his resolve stronger. \"People say everyone is corrupt. But even after all that has happened, I am still here. This means there is a space in the system for people like me and they do exist.\"There are many who would want his tribe to increase.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14552285", "title": "Can a juggler beat a physio?", "text": "A video game that will be available by the end of the year makes stroke patients play the roles of juggler and trapeze artist to help them regain control over their weak limbs.What if someone told you that a juggler can take the place of a physiotherapist ? Janet Eyre, professor of paediatric neuroscience at Newcastle University, UK, has moved the physio clinic into a circus tent. Limbs Alive, a video game she created, uses circus characters to help stroke patients regain control of their limbs.\"The brain can re-learn control of a weak arm, but usually, the process needs sustained therapy over several months, with a therapist providing one-on-one assistance. But that's not always feasible,\" says Eyre in a telephonic interview.A stroke is the rapid loss of brain function due to disturbance in blood supply. Symptoms include sudden numbness or weakness in the face, arms, or legs, confusion, vision problems, difficulty in walking and coordination. After recovery, the patient needs to undergo therapy to regain his strength. Eyre's circus-themed video game uses wireless controllers that the patient holds in his fists, while the characters on screen mimic his movements. Gameplay involves taming a lion, juggling, plate spinning, high diving and flying the trapeze. Games cover gross and fine motor skills and get more difficult with each level. \"Patients who have tried the game find it easy to use, challenging and fun. It can be easily set up and played at home since it's designed by a professional gaming studio. Patients forget they are at therapy,\" shares Eyre.Each player is scored on his performance, and a mathematical graph representation of his movements is recorded, enabling a therapist to review his progress. With support from the Health Innovation Challenge Fund, the game will be available for purchase by the end of this year. India figures According to estimates from the National Commission on Macroeconomics and Health, India, there will be 1.67 million stroke cases in the country by 2015.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14550173", "title": "Prabhas\u2019 Rebel release date is Aug 15", "text": "Yeah, the latest buzz is that young rebel star Prabhas' \"Rebel\" release date has been fixed as August 15. Sources close to the makers say that producers J Bhagwan and J Pulla Rao are planning to release the Rebel on the Independence Day (August 15) while the film's audio launch is planned in July.Choreographer-actor-director Raghava Lawrence is directing this stylish mass entertainer and trying to showcase Prabhas in a completely new avatar. Lawrence has already proven track record in mesmerizing the mass audience with his earlier films like \"Mass\", \"Don\", \"Kanchana\", etc and he's trying his luck with Prabhas this time.Rebel is currently progressing briskly in Bangkok, and important sequences are being canned on Prabhas, Deeksha Seth, Mukhesh Rishi and others. C Ram Prasad is the cinematographer and Lawrence himself is composing the music for this film. Recently, the movie has completed dubbing formalities and the post production is also going on simultaneously. Tamannaah and Deeksha Seth are playing the female leads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14539157", "title": "Criminal\u2019s friend hurt as cop opens fire", "text": "CHENNAI: When a rowdy behind the wheel of a Tata Indica tried to speed away from a night patrol check early on Saturday, inspector M Venkatachalam drew his pistol and fired at the car tyre. The bullet missed the target, but it pierced through the left side door and hit the thigh of another man sitting on the front seat. The shot stunned the history sheeter, Karthik alias Kutta, who was soon overpowered and arrested.Ranjith Kumar, 26, a catering house employee from T Nagar, who was injured, is undergoing treatment in SRM Hospital, Kattankolathur. Police also detained and later let off three others who were in the car. The incident happened at 12.30am near Urapakkam, 34km from the city.Karthik of Nandivaram was driving the car with registration number TN 20 B 2741 when a team led by Guduvanchery police inspector Venkatachalam tried to stop the vehicle on the service road near Urapakkam. \"The car was coming at high speed and I asked my jeep driver to stop the vehicle. The car stopped close to us and suddenly tried to speed off. I opened fire at the car tyre to prevent them from escaping. But the bullet hit Ranjith Kumar, who was sitting next to the driver,\" Venkatachalam said.During interrogation, Karthik said he had recently come out on bail after a few months in prison in connection with an assault case. Spotting the police team waving him down, he thought that it was to arrest him, and he tried to flee. \"He was drunk,\" said a police officer. \"We are questioning him to get more details.\"Karthik has been charged with drunk driving and negligent driving, under IPC Sections 279, TN Prohibition Act and Motor Vehicle Act. Police let off Karthik's friends Ranjith Kumar, Riyaz, Manikandan and Suresh. Doctors said Kumar's condition is stable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14543196", "title": "Sonia to visit Assam on July 2", "text": "UPA chairperson and AICC president Sonia Gandhi will visit the flood-hit state on July 2, PCC president Bhubaneswar Kalita said here on Saturday. Her detailed programme has not been finalized yet. She is likely to take an aerial survey of the state. She may also visit some flood-affected areas, a source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14558298", "title": "Vivekh goes green for a cause", "text": "Actor Vivekh, true to his image as 'a man of social consciousness' has ventured into a mass campaign christened Green Kalam Project aimed at saving the planet.Under the able guidance of former president Dr A P J Abdul Kalam, he has already planted more than 13 lakh trees in a span of less than three months.On this remarkable feat, the actor, who is known for his rib-tickling comedy blended with social messages, says, \"Though I was given a target of 10 lakh by Abdul Kalam ji , we were able to achieve this feat principally and practically only with the awareness and cooperation of the public, school children and administrations in particular. I make special mention of my friend Murugan and Mullaivanam of Tree Bank without whose help we wouldn't have travelled so far. I have been getting excellent reviews for my performance in my recent film Murratu Kaalai and it gives me immense satisfaction to have a successful professional and social image.\"On the occasion of planting trees at the vicinity of Shri Satya Sai Viswaroopa Baba at Valasaravakkam, the actor was seen accepting accolades and wishes for both his screen and social image, braving the heavy rain that lashed the city recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14541179", "title": "Time to break chains to the past", "text": "The train comes to a screeching halt \u2014 its third unscheduled stop in less than an hour. One of the passengers looks out of the window only to find vast swathes of agricultural land with a few scattered huts in the middle of nowhere.\"Looks like a case of chain pulling again,\" he mutters, throwing in a few expletives for good measure even as other passengers nod in agreement and brace themselves for further delays. This is a common scenario often repeated in thousands of trains across the country.Alarm chain pulling \u2014 or ACP, if one were to use the official rail terminology, has been responsible for not only train delays but also accidents. The most recent example is the collision of two local trains in Mumbai a few days back. This was attributed to a commuter on one of the trains pulling the chain, causing the train to slow down and being hit by another fast-approaching locomotive. Pranksters, thieves and vendors have regularly misused the alarm chain. What is disconcerting is that it is also being abused by those wishing to make a point. In a curious incident some time back, a passenger reportedly resorted to continuous chain pulling as a form of protest, insisting that her grievance be addressed, otherwise the train would not be allowed to move. A former railway board member agrees that ACP is a big menace.\"The Rs 1,000 fine or the threat of imprisonment is hardly a deterrent since it is often difficult to catch the perpetrators. Also, the ACP setup is itself quite archaic. When a chain is pulled, it creates a break in the continuity of the brake pipes, immediately resulting in a loss of brake pressure over which the driver or guard have little control. It is something that the railways has been aware of for a long time and has been trying to rectify,\" he says.In order to stop people from arbitrarily stopping the train, the railways' passenger amenities committee had recommended doing away with the alarm chain and putting in place a two way communication system where passengers in every compartment can speak to the driver in case of an emergency. However , things do not seem to have moved much forward in the implementation of this system. G Raghuram, professor at IIM Ahmedabad, who was a member of a recent expert group for modernization of Indian Railways says it's because the railways doesn't seem to have taken it up on priority.\"Having a two-way communication system is the most obvious thing to do. I don't know why it hasn't been done yet, since it can be easily put in place without much modification to the coaches. Someone at the top, like the railways minister or the chairman of the railway board has to prioritize it. Only then can it be done soon.\"Incidentally, in 2006, former president APJ Abdul Kalam had urged the railways to phase out the alarm chain system and replace it with better technology. During a speech at the ceremonial parade of the Railway Protection Force, Kalam had said that the railways should consider \"the provision of a communication system in all the compartments on the lines of the system already being followed by the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation.\"A spokesperson for the railways says that the system has been under active consideration although \"it will take some time to find out the status of its implementation.\" Wonder how much more time the railways would require to pull the plug on its alarm chains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14536852", "title": "Absconding Maharashtra doctor arrested in Goa", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa police on Saturday arrested absconding ayurvedic doctor Dhananjay Lalaji Tawade for the alleged murder of his employee, Moreshwar Nandeshwar, at Sangadi village in Bhandara taluka in Maharashtra.The police said that an offence was registered against Tawade under Sections 302, 201 of the IPC read with 3 (2) (5) of the Prevention of Atrocities Against SC/ST Act 1989.Police sources said that on June 15, Tawade allegedly killed Nandeshwar and burnt his body along with his two-wheeler and tried to portray that he was killed and burnt by his enemies. \"Tawade fled the scene of the crime in his car,\" said police sources. They added that the accused then picked up his girlfriend from Nagpur and via Hubli, in a rented car, the duo arrived in Goa on June 26.Since the offence took place in Sakoli district, Sakoli police officials, who are investigating the case, on Friday informed Goa police officials that they traced a phone call of the accused and his location showed Panaji city. Acting on the tip-of the Sakoli police, a Panaji police team set a trap and arrested the accused under Section 41 of the CrPC. \"The accused had planned to leave Goa on Saturday morning,\" said police sources.Investigating officer and SDPO, Sakoli, Abhinav Deshmukh said that the accused had \"huge financial liabilities\" and that could be among the reasons for his crime.The police also detained Tawade's girlfriend Ragini Nanaji Logde, 23, and sent her to the state protective home at Merces. Logde is a nurse and works at Jaslin hospital, Nagpur. Her brother Ranjit lodged a missing persons complaint at Sakkardara police station, in Nagpur city.The Panaji police informed their Sankoli counterparts about the arrest and a police team from Sakoli has left for Goa to take custody of the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14536337", "title": "Minor girl poisons father, brother to death for marriage", "text": "PATNA: Finding her family members to be a hurdle in her love affair with a youth, Vijay Kumar , a young girl poisoned her father and brother to death in Malpur village under Patepur police station in Vaishali district late on Friday night.Patepur police station SHO Suman Kumar said the girl was having a love affair with a youth, Vijay Kumar, and once she had made an attempt to elope with him. But the duo was apprehended and the boy was thrashed by villagers.The SHO said Vijay used to come to his relative's house in the village. Later, the villagers asked Vijay's relative not to allow him to come there. Though Vijay stopped coming to the village for some time, he started frequenting it again and meeting the girl.According to the SHO, Vijay gave a packet of poison to his girlfriend, asking her to mix it with food so that his parents would die and they could marry easily. He said the girl cooked vegetable for dinner on Friday night and laced it poison before giving it to her father Shankar Mahto (35) and younger brother Vikas Kumar (12). Both father and son died during sleep. However, as the girl's mother, Sunita Devi, did not have dinner as she was feeling unwell, she escaped death.The girl has confessed to her crime and been arrested on the charge of murdering her father and brother. The SHO said an FIR had been lodged against Vijay, his relative Sunita Devi and the girl in this connection. The packet of poison has been recovered and the girl forwarded to judicial custody, the SHO said.He said Vijay and his relatives were absconding after the incident. Raids were on to arrest the duo, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "lindau", "code": "14547367", "title": "18 Indian students head for Lindau to meet with 27 Nobel laureates in Physics", "text": "LINDAU: Sixteen year-old Sahal Kaushik is definitely excited. But he is quite cool when you ask him how come he is so young and set to enter third year of the MSc Integrated Physics course at IIT Kanpur ? \"Oh I was home-schooled till the age of ten when I enrolled in the ninth standard at a school in Delhi. That's how,\" he says as he gets ready to meet and converse with as many as 27 Nobel Laureates in Physics at Lindau, Germany, between July 1 and 6. Sahal, with a special interest in astrophysics, is the youngest in a group of 18 outstanding students from India including three from Punjab and two from Kerala who leave for Germany today, selected by the DFG and DST of the ministry of science and technology, government of India, to participate in the annual Lindau Nobel Lectures where they will interact with the creme de la creme of cutting edge science as part of the group of around 500 students selected from across the world for this unique experience.Once the Lindau meeting concludes, Indian students will spend a week touring premium laboratories in Germany and interact with experts, thanks to generous DFG funding. \"The outlook for Indian science is very positive with a 20-25 per cent increase in R&D; funding over the past five years,\" says the Cambridge-educated Arabinda MItra, advisor and head, international bilateral cooperation, DST. \"India has moved to ninth position from 15th in world ranking in R&D; and soon we will be fifth,\" he says. Torsten Fischer, director of DFG-India and member of the DFG-DST Fellowship panel, is more optimistic. He thinks India will soon be Number One; so impressed is he with Indian youth's collaborative skills and scientific talent. \"Indo-German cooperation is also all about friendship - students talk with not just Nobel Laureates and other experts but also interact with their peer groups from around the world and form lasting associations. Such networking provides a wide range of opportunities for scientific paper writing as they will establish contact with institutional heads and research students,\" he says.The DFG will give grants to five students out of the 18 on a first come, first served basis to stay in Germany for three months and work in a lab of their choice from among the ones they will visit during their tour.\"For students, the Lindau meeting is an achievement, challenge, commitment and huge opportunity - and the DFG will follow their career for the next couple of years, ready to facilitate deserving students planning on higher-end research,\" says Dr Fischer.Plans are afoot to open an integrated German House of Science and Innovation (DWIH) in New Delhi in October this year that will bring under one roof all German scientific, academic institutions and universities and research funding organisations like the DFG, Max Planck Society , Humboldt Foundation, DAAD and others. The DWIH will act as facilitation and information centre for students aspiring for higher research with German collaboration either in Germany, in India or both. A virtual version of the one-stop shop will offer the same services for those unable to make the trip to Chanakyapuri, Delhi, where DWIH is to be located. More ambitious plans are under way including setting up a web-based forum for Lindau Alumni, A Science Slam and a science workshop funded by DFG and coordinated by Max Planck.The picturesqueBavarian town of Lindau in Germany facing the Swiss and Austrian Alps is becoming more known now for its annual intellectual samvad between Nobel laureates and students, presenting a unique learning and networking opportunity. The language of communication? Why, science of course! Physics is the theme of this year's 62nd meeting of Nobel Laureates at Lindau, and experts are slated to discuss not just pure scientific theory but also share their solutions to problems of world energy shortages and the challenge of climate change. For instance Carlo Rubbia, Matinus Veltman, George Smoot and David Gross will discuss particle experiments at CERN to better understand dark matter; Carlo Rubbia and Robert Laughlin will discuss the future of energy supply and storage; Harold Kroto will speak of the need to simplify scientific language and content for popular understanding; and Dan Schechtman will impress upon students the importance of perseverance in the face of disappointments in research.\"We will be adding 10,000 more new positions in scientific academic institutions, so we need to nurture talent in science, and the Lindau meeting is sure to change their lives forever. The DFG-DST Lindau venture is part of the DST's efforts to connect with the younger generation,\" says Dr MItra. \"The DST pays for students' airfare while the DFG foots other expenses in conjunction with the Lindau Committe,\" says R K Sharma, who has accompanied student groups at least nine times to Lindau as head of the German international division at DST. The students are right now too excited to express their thoughts other than say they are terribly excited and grateful for the opportunity; they do need to focus and conserve their energy for the big occasion when they will come face to face with great minds that are going to be their captive audience once they finish with their lectures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14541322", "title": "Too tall for comfort", "text": "The last time Sharad Kulkarni and his wife Sanjot went to a movie theatre together was in 1990, for a premiere show of Agneepath , starring Amitabh Bachchan . Outings are rare if a pair has been crowned the tallest couple in the country. \"The tall (Amitabh) Bachchan, who had come for the premiere of his film, looked short before mom and dad,\"says their daughter Mruga in jest.But behind the joke, lies a grim story: the Kulkarnis, who are staking a claim for being the tallest family in the Guinness Book of World Records , rarely go out together as they can do without the dropping jaws and jeering hoots. \"So much of negative attention is disturbing ,\" says 16-year-old Saniya, the youngest daughter who at 6ft 4in, is taller than her sister by 3 inches.Sharad, towering at over 7 feet, and wife Sanjyot, 6ft 3in, met by chance. Before the marriage, Sharad was not sure if he would ever find a suitable match. \"My grandmother spotted him at a function and inquired if he was interested in looking up a girl as tall as 6ft 3in. Sharad first declined the offer, but later came to see me. I was in my best sari. He liked me and we tied the knot in 1989,\" says Sanjyot, who hails from Madhya Pradesh. It was then that the two had their little brush with eminence as the Limca Book of Records tagged them the 'tallest couple in India'.Daughters Mruga (6ft 1in) and Saniya's tryst with fame came as soon as the two were born. Mruga, who was born 18 inches tall, had her name included in the Limca Book of Records under the 'tallest baby' title. But Saniya did better, breaking her sister's record to be crowned the tallest baby. She was an envious 26 inches at birth. \"The upside is that our height is a great conversation starter. We do not have to try too hard to get attention, and a lot of times people want to be friends with us only to get noticed. Teachers never forget our faces although that often does not play to our advantage,\" smiles Mruga.But all is not hunky-dory for this family of four that ventures out in public only at the crack of dawn for a quick breakfast. \"We make sure we return early, as people tend to tease and ridicule,\" says Mruga. Also, everything has to be custom-made for the family \u2014 from clothes to shoes to even the furniture in the house. \"It takes a month to have a designer-wear stitched, while a sari for mom takes over a month. Furniture such as the couch and beds has to be made to order. The biggest put-off is not being able to wear shoes with high heels, which are every girl's dream,\" says Mruga.Schooling \u2014 which for many is a time of fond memories \u2014 has been tough for Saniya, who is an introvert. \"I always wanted to be part of the dance programmes in school, but my height intimidated the teachers. They would saddle me with other jobs, such as putting up a board somewhere or being a back-stage helper,\" she says.Mruga says her sister would often come home crying because someone teased her. \"But we are teaching her to be tough now,\"she adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14536439", "title": "Industry-related policies by Aug-end: CM", "text": "PANAJI: Assuring investors of a single-window clearance for their projects and transparency in government dealings, chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Saturday invited entrepreneurs to set up non-polluting industries in Goa.Further stressing that opportunities for knowledge-based and tourism-related industries abound in the state, he said the government plans to increase the state's tourist inflow from the present 2.6 million to around 6 million in five years.Parrikar was addressing the gathering of investors at the Goa Investment Forum 2012.Promising to create the \"right atmosphere\" for quick and transparent approvals and quick redressal of grievances, Parrikar said in reply to a question, \"I will make sure that all industry-related policies are in place by August-end.\"The forum was organized by Goa Chamber of Commerce and Industry (GCCI) in association with Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FICCI) and the state government.Wishing for a boost for the tourism sector, Parrikar said there's a need to change the \"beaches and nightclubs perception\" and improve the sector's infrastructure. \"Today guests visiting Goa have only two entertainment options-beaches and pubs. There is need to create more alternatives,\" said the chief minister.Earlier, he held a special interaction with around 50 industry captains, during which issues related to policies and setting up of industries were discussed. Parrikar said that while actual investment was not discussed a few industries have offered tentative proposals.R V Kanoria, president of FICCI said, \"FICCI will continue to lend its support to Goa.\" He hoped Goa would emerge as the \"best state in the country\". GCCI president Manguirish Pai Raikar too expressed hope that Goa would soon see economic growth as a result of the \"buoyant perception among investors\".The forum held for the first time was meant to showcase Goa as a vibrant and investor-friendly destination. It was held with the aim of attracting investment in the fields of pharmaceuticals and bio-technology, IT and ITeS, tourism, entertainment and education. Wipro, Esselworld, Tech Mahindra, Accenture, Nestle, Bosch, Ranbaxy and others participated. Parrikar also released 'The Knowledge Paper', a report on various aspects of Goa on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14535948", "title": "Governor seeks report on vocational courses", "text": "PATNA: With a view to ensuring smooth running of vocational and self-financing courses, governor-cum-chancellor Devanand Konwar has directed the universities to furnish a detailed status report on these courses presently running under their institutions.In a recent communication from the chancellor's office, the universities have been asked to furnish details like the names of courses, number and names of teachers along with their qualifications, number of courses run by different colleges and postgraduate departments, duration of the courses and fee structure. They have also been asked to state whether the admission ordinance and regulations of these courses have been approved by the chancellor or not. Furthermore, the universities have been directed to state whether the approval of the competent body like AICTE, NCTE etc, has been taken for starting the professional courses.It may be mentioned here that in recent years, a number of vocational and self-financing courses were started in different institutions without developing proper infrastructure and appointing competent teaching staff. Moreover, they usually charge arbitrary course fee from the students, causing great financial burden on the guardians. There was hardly any concession in course fee for poor students. Consequently, many courses could not sustain themselves for long. Even in Patna University, more than half-a-dozen courses had to be closed for want of students. Only courses like BCA, BBA and biotechnology could attract a large number of students.Recently, Patna University has also formulated guidelines for conducting self-financing courses. The number of students to be enrolled and the honorarium to be paid to part-time teachers, staff and course coordinator were also fixed. It was also decided that no such course having less than 50% of the total sanctioned seats filled would be allowed to run. The university is also contemplating to set up a separate directorate of vocational courses.Taking note of the mushrooming self-financing courses without proper infrastructure, sometime back the then chancellor, R L Bhatia , constituted a committee headed by former chief secretary and former Nalanda Open University vice-chancellor V S Dubey to inspect the management of all such financing courses running in different universities and suggest ways for improvement. The committee had taken up the task of scrutinizing all such courses in detail and prescribing a common syllabus and course fee for each course. For instance, it had mooted the idea of the syllabus of BCA course, run in different colleges of the state, being the same and the students having to pay the same course fee everywhere. Besides, the committee had favoured the appointment of core faculties in each such course. Presently, all such courses are being conducted with the help of part-time teachers. However, the committee could not submit its report as it was disbanded with the change of governor.Last year, the state government had also set up a committee to scrutinize the functioning of vocational and self-financing courses in all the universities of the state and suggest ways for streamlining these courses. But the committee is yet to come out with any positive finding so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "14552523", "title": "Flood situation improves in Arunachal", "text": "ITANAGAR: With improvement in weather conditions, the flood situation in Arunachal Pradesh is limping back to normalcy as majority of the rivers in this land-locked state showing a receding trend in the past two days.Chief Minister Nabam Tuki on Saturday appealed Union home minister P Chidambaram to send an official team to the state to assess the prevailing situation and the damages caused, thereby enabling the state government to ably tackle the situation.\"The state machinery is working round the clock in coordination with Indian Army and Indian Air Force to carry out rescue and relief operations,\" Tuki said.Torrential rains have caused havoc in most parts of the state. Poor and rural people in interior parts are the worst affected. Even the state capital, Itanagar was cut off from rest of the world for the last few days.The CM in the memorandum also said, heavy rains since about a week triggered the first incidents of landslides and flash floods on June 24 causing extensive damages of road communication and inundation of villages in Changlang, Lohit, Dibang Valley, East Siang and East Kameng districts.Hundreds of villagers have been rendered homeless and marooned in various pockets of these districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "14541442", "title": "Dalai Lama\u2019s birthday preparation underway", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: Spiritual leader in exile, Dalai Lama will turn 77 years on July 6, for which the Tibetan administration has started preparation. His birthday would be celebrated as the spiritual head of Tibetans, after he devolved his political powers to democratically elected leader of Tibetans in exile. It also owes significance as Dalai Lama has been awarded with Templeton Prize recently in London.The central Tibetan administration(CTA) has already formed an organizing committee to host the occasion. Organizers have disclosed to TOI that this time they are focusing more ON local participation and no distinguished guest has been invited by them.\"This time we are aiming for more local participation in gesture to express our gratitude towards locals and the people of this state. We have invited the state chief minister and all the district administration officials on the occasion, but yet confirmation has not come,\" Tashi Phunstok, head of the organizing committee said.The birthday would be celebrated in two shifts of morning and evening. There would be traditional culture performances by the Tibetan Institute of Performing Arts, while monks and nuns will hold prayers for the long life of Dalai Lama.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "malegaon", "code": "14538135", "title": "Three years on, hospital yet to employ staff, equipment", "text": "MALEGAON: The Malegaon General Hospital, inaugurated by UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi exactly three years ago to cater to the health needs of the citizens of Malegaon and villages around it besides offering trauma care to accident victims on the Mumbai-Agra national highway, is yet to take off due to lack of manpower and equipment.The hospital was expected to be a hub of major surgeries. According to official records, there are around 700-800 OPDs and 10-12 surgeries which are registered at the hospital every day. In most of these cases, doctors need diagnostic tests. But since the hospital does not even have a radiologist, the machineries which were installed three years back , remain untouched and doctors refer patients elsewhere, putting unwanted financial burden on patients and their kin.\"A majority of patients referred to the hospital are pregnant women who are advised sonography tests elsewhere. As these patients are from poor backgrounds, this is most agonizing for them at a government hospital,\" Dr Shafeeque, who recently visited the hospital with a patient, said.Local MLA Mufti Mohd Ismael, who recently had a spat with the hospital management over the death of a patient because of what he termed as the \"sheer negligence\" by the doctors on duty, is critical about the way the hospital is being run. \"Doctors perform surgeries only when their demands are fulfilled. In fact, the hospital has been transformed into a corruption centre with a huge amount of cash changing hands everyday to get things done,\" he alleged.The management on the other hand said that a committee had already been formed to look into the allegations levelled by the local MLA. But it is tight-lipped on the appointment of staff. \"Shortage of staff is not limited to Malegaon alone. Nevertheless, I have directed the hospital superintendent to appoint a radiologist on contract basis so that the ultrasound tests are done at the hospital free of cost,\" Civil Surgeon Dr B D Pawar said.The hospital superintendent, Dr RB Jadhav, however, said that he was unable to get a radiologist even on contract basis. \"We are trying hard to get someone who can work at least for a few hours, but have not found anyone so far,\" he said. Interestingly, a radiologist was appointed in January this year. But he retired on January 31, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14536741", "title": "Counter intelligence sleuths on Ghori hunt", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state counter intelligence (CIC) sleuths, who have joined the interrogation of Zabiduddin Ansari aka Abu Jundal with other investigating agencies, have focused their attention on tracking the most wanted terror suspect from the city, Farhathullah Ghori.Ghori, whose name has figured in a number of terror related incidents, has been evading police dragnet for over 18 years. The intelligence agencies have not even been able to secure his photograph. Though there is a dossier on Ghori, his identity and activities are shrouded in mystery.In order to track him down, the CIC had earlier prepared a sketch with the help of the sleuths of crime investigation department (CID). The same was circulated among the intelligence agencies including central intelligence bureau (IB).\"The grilling of Jundal in Delhi might give us a lead in tracing Ghori. We are trying to find out whether Ghori has been in touch with Jundal,\" an intelligence official said. According to sources, the latest inputs available indicate that Ghori is in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, and has been acting as a conduit between the Pakistan's ISI and few Indians who follow extremist ideology. The CIC would like to know from Jundal, among other things, whether Ghori is still there in Riyadh or has moved to Karachi . The CIC believes that Ghori is also controlling Lashkar's operations in India for many years and operating from Riyadh along with some associates.Ghori, a former activist of the Darsgah-e-Jihad-o-Shahadat, is from Saidabad and left India in 1991. He is said to be staying in Saudi Arabia since then. He has been reportedly working for terror outfits such as Lashkar-e-Taiba and Jaish-e-Mohammed. His name has figured in the January 2002 failed murder conspiracy of the then BJP state president Nallu Indrasena Reddy. The police have also been claiming his involvement in the October 2005 Begumpet bombing and in the attack on Akshardham temple in Gujrat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "guwahati/shillong", "code": "14553191", "title": "Two earthquakes hit northeast, no report of casualty", "text": "GUWAHATI/SHILLONG: Two earthquakes of slight and moderate intensity shook parts of north eastern states on Sunday, but there was no report of any loss of life or damage anywhere in the region.Panic-striken people ran out of their dwellings in many areas as the temblors were felt in Assam , Arunachal Pradesh , Manipur, Nagaland , Meghalaya and Tripura.According to the India Meteorological Department (IMD), an earthquake of 4.8 magnitude on the Richter Scale took place at 1.13am with its epicentre located at 28.7 degree north latitude and 96.2 degree east longitude in the Arunachal Pradesh-Xizang border region. It was at a focal depth of 10 kms.The second earthquake took place at 9.43am measuring 5.8 on the Richter scale with its epicentre located at 25.7 degree north latitude and 94.6 degree north longitude in the Phek region of Nagaland, the IMD said. Phek is located 80 kms east of Kohima and the focal depth of the tremor was 50 kms, it said.In Shillong , panicked residents, including those attending church services, came out to open spaces.There was no report of any casualty or damage to property, officials in the affected states said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14542526", "title": "Monsoon revival unlikely till July 8", "text": "PUNE: Subdued rainfall activity, which has triggered serious concerns about the impact of monsoon on the country's agrarian economy, is likely to continue into the first week of July.\"A major revival of rains is unlikely to happen before July 8 or 9,\" said Medha Khole, deputy director general for weather forecasting at the India Meteorological Department (IMD) office on Saturday.\"Barring northeast and eastern states and the west coast, most other parts of the country have reported subdued and scattered rains. As of now, there is no major synoptic system that can trigger an increase in rainfall in next few days,\" she said.The IMD has reported 23% below normal rainfall for the country as a whole during the period between June 1 and 27. The actual all-India weighted rainfall has been 108.1 mm as against the normal mark of 139.9 mm.\"States in the northeast are getting good rains with Cherrapunji receiving a record rainfall of 340 mm and 770 mm for two successive days. Eastern India and the west coast, stretching from Kerala to Konkan, have also received good rains,\" said Khole.The IMD's weekly report issued on June 29 said: \"There was a hiatus in the advance of the monsoon mainly due to northward shift of the heat trough towards the foothills of the Himalayas and non-formation of any strong weather system in the Bay of Bengal.\" The northern limit of monsoon continues to pass through Veraval, Navsari, Malegaon, Betul, Jabalpur, Sidhi, Varanasi and Gorakhpur. The cumulative seasonal rainfall was below normal over all the regions except east and northeast India where it was 4% above normal.Out of the 36 meteorological sub-divisions, the rainfall has been excess over two sub-divisions, normal over 10, deficient in 12 and scanty in 12 sub-divisions.Khole said, \"For the rainfall to increase in the interior parts of the country, an apt synoptic situation like the presence of a cyclonic circulation or a low pressure area in the Bay of Bengal is needed. This has not happened so far. Whatever rainfall activity that has occurred in Maharashtra so far is due to a feeble trough off the west coast in the Arabian sea. There is a possibility of increase in rainfall activity across the state by July 2 or 3 but, the increase won't be on a large scale. A major revival is expected only after July first week.\"The Marathwada region in the state and interior parts of Karnataka and interior Andhra Pradesh areas like Telangana and Rayalseema are known as rain shadow areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14538694", "title": "Surgery offers relief to chronic migraine patients", "text": "MUMBAI: Smita Kulkarni has popped 15 Ibuprofen painkiller tablets on some days, banged her head against the wall on other days and visited various doctors every year. For 16 years, the Pune resident waged a losing battle with migraine. On Thursday, 31-year-old Kulkarni took another step to drive away the pain along her left temple: a five-hour-long brain procedure at Mumbai's Jaslok Hospital. This is the second time this procedure has been performed in India.\"Each of my migraine attack would last at least five days. I would be too disoriented to do anything on such days,\" said the mother of a seven-year-old boy. Worse, she would have at least two such attacks every month.'she had chronic migraine that hadn\"t eased even with medications for years. She was an ideal candidate for the occipital nerve stimulator procedure,\" said neurosurgeon Paresh Doshi, who fixed an implantable device near Kulkarni's occipital nerve. She is only the second patient on whom Dr Doshi has performed this surgery.Migraine is the most common of all the 150 different conditions that can produce a headache, and it can sometimes also be one of the most painful. \"It is often a chronic disorder that won\"t go away just with a two-or-three-month treatment. But unfortunately, there is no awareness in India about the need to handle it like other chronic conditions such as diabetes or asthma,\" said neurologist Dr K Ravishankar of Jaslok and Lilavati Hospitals\" headache clinic who directed Smita for surgery.Dr Ravishankar estimates that 20% of the women between the ages of 15 to 40 and 8% of men suffer from the disorder. \"It is one of the most researched headache disorders in the US, with the latest consensus being that it is a genetically inherited vulnerable disorder of the brain,\" he added.Migraine runs in the Kulkarni family too. She had to give up her studies during the second year of graduation as she would keep missing classes.Most migraine patients get relief with modern medicine. \"It's a small fraction of them like Kulkarni who need a surgical procedure,\" said neurosurgeon Doshi.The occipital nerve stimulation procedure is not complex like other brain surgeries; the surgeon doesn\"t need to cut or go deep into the brain but only place two thin wires in the back of the skull. \"Twelve nerves arise from the brain; migraine attacks are felt in distribution of the fifth nerve called the trigeminal nerve,\" said Dr Doshi. This nerve 'communicates\" with the occipital nerve which lies in the spinal cord. \"Any stimulation to the occipital nerve thus can be communicated to the fifth nerve through the pathways in the brainstem, changing the neuro-transmissions,\" he added.The implants provide electrical impulses, through a power source implanted just below the collar bone, that stimulate the occipital nerve. In other words, the migraine patient's pain circuit is broken. \"Doctors believe the procedure works in three ways. The implants increase the patient's pain threshold, they jam the pain signals and or change the neuro-transmitter patterns,\" said Dr Doshi.Dr Milind Sankhe, a neurosurgeon from Hinduja Hospital in Mahim, said that surgery for migraine is rare in India. Another doctor who didn\"t want to be named said long-term studies are needed to assess the efficacy of this surgery. In fact, a study called ONSTIM is underway in Europe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "14555847", "title": "Water resources minister visits Chandel water treatment plant", "text": "MAPUSA: Water resources minister Dayanand Mandrekar and the speaker of the Goa legislative assembly and the Pernem MLA Rajendra Arlekar paid a surprised visit to the 15 MLD Chandel water treatment plant. The staff at the water treatment plant were at the losing end after the visit.15 MLD Chandel water treatment plant is the major water supplier to the entire Pernem taluka. There were several complaints of the locals regarding the mismanagement of the plant by the officials. Locals have complained of irregular water supply due to the absenteeism at the plant. In the backdrop of the complaint Water resources minister Dayanand Mandrekar visited the site.Minister raised his concern over the functioning of the plant and attitude of the workers. Mandrekar has warned the workers to be regular and punctual towards their duties. Later minister also visited the Tillari canal and was upset farmers from Chandel are not benefited from the Tillari project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14559583", "title": "Your retail therapy starts with extra time", "text": "The buzz is back on the streets as the spring-summer sale season kicks-off this weekend. What's interesting this time around is that shoppers will get a little more time to sift through the sales selections as some retailers have advanced their sales period by more than a week. Typically, the spring-summer sale season in India kicks off in the first weekend of July and runs through the month, but this time around some brands have decided to go on sale in the last weekend of June.In fact 'value customers' of premium and luxury brands have got it better, as they were invited to preview the sales selection a couple of days before the discounts hit the stores. In the luxury space, a 'silent sale' has been on, with brands such as Jimmy Choo , Burberry, Salvatore Ferragamo and Bottega Veneta inviting their loyal high net worth customers to an irresistible sale - with discounts ranging from 30% to 50%. Interestingly, Ferragamo has been on sale from the middle of June.For Geetanjali Kapoor, a 40-year-old graphic designer from Bangalore, an early sale season is just what the doctor ordered. \"If sales have started early, so much the better because towards the end of the discount period, stores get crowded and good finds become thin on the ground,\" she says. \"However, I feel of late I've become less lucky when it comes to getting my hands on those fabulous pieces during sales. Either you see the same old designs that are really so-lastseason or you don't get the right sizes.\"International youthful lifestyle brand, Esprit , has kicked off the sale season by offering shoppers a discount of up to 40%. While, women get to choose from textured singlets to colour-blocked tops and bottoms, dresses, and floral jumpsuits, the men get to choose from a collection of button-downs, and fitted formal shirts. The other international single-brand retailers that have gone on sale include Levi's, FCUK, Puma , and Guess . \"Differentiated fashionable menswear in India is somewhat limited, as men's apparel from most brands tends to look similar. To buy something truly distinctive, personally, I always prefer to spend more of my money on clothes bought during the sale seasons as the value for money is more during this time,\" says Ivan Periera, advertising professional. \"I still do buy pieces that truly catch my eye through the year, but they must really seem worth the money, in terms of design and style,\" he adds.J Suresh, MD and CEO, Brands and Retail, Arvind Ltd , says, \"I wouldn't agree that consumers have become savvy and come in to stores only during sales. Of course, a certain category of buyers may do that but we see good sales even during no-discount periods. To put it differently, a larger cross-section of consumers buy during the full-price periods.\"Among Arvind's portfolio of brand offerings, only Arrow has gone on sale from the last week of June. \"We decided to start the Arrow sale early because other brands in the category also went on sale around the same time and we are going with the market trend,\" says Suresh. For retailers, 40%-45% of a year's sale season revenues come in during the February-July sale period, while the remaining 55%-60% comes in during the August to January Sale period. According to retail analysts, the reason some brands have started their spring-summer sales early is simple: a build-up of inventory because of sluggish buying by consumers.\"It was expected that this year sales would start early, which is just a cautious approach taken by retailers in the current economic scenario, as inventory pile up is a big concern,\" says Amit Gugnani, senior VP (fashion and apparel), Technopak, a retail consultancy firm.According to Suresh of Arvind, \"This year, sales of apparel have been somewhat disappointing and general consumer sentiment has been low. While in past few years, we have achieved growth rates of 60% y-on-y, this year these targets were not met and we grew by around 40%.\" Arun Sirdeshmukh, a veteran in the apparel industry and who has just started an online retail venture Fashionara.com, says, \"If you look at the apparel market on the whole, things are tepid and lukewarm, but definitely it's not all gloom and doom. In some geographies retailers are doing well and in some they aren't.\" He adds, \"There might be some brands that have miscalculated on the off take and may have been too optimistic and hence need to clear out inventory.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14536782", "title": "Goa can be hub for pharma R&D;: Aditi Panandikar", "text": "PANAJI: Goa can be an R&D; hub for the pharmaceutical sector, said Aditi Panandikar, managing director of pharma major Indoco Remedies Ltd.\"There is scope for research in Goa. Our expertise in organic chemistry and science is ahead of China,\" she said. \"Also, researchers are willing to relocate to Goa,\" she added. \"We need to create opportunities so people feel enthused,\" Panandikar felt.She was addressing the audience during a panel discussion on the 'Next Growth Wave: IT and ITeS, pharma, light engineering and tourism, in Panaji on Saturday.She said that since the pharmaceutical industry was a clean industry, it was ideal for Goa. The state's educated workforce and its proximity to Mumbai, the business hub of the country, also works in its favour, she added.She lamented that the lack of development of public transportation in Goa was a worry as pharmaceutical companies needed to drop home employees who work late into the night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14541323", "title": "Youths clash with soda bottles in Mangalore", "text": "MANGALORE: Youths from two communities fought pitched battles using soda bottles at Kalladka, some 30 km from here late on Saturday.It all began after a van that was illegally transporting cattle collided with a motorcycle injuring youths from a community.The incident led to verbal altercation that soon turned violent with youths from either side locking horns. Superintendent of police Abhishek Goyal, who rushed to the spot with Karnataka State Reserve Police reinforcements to control the situation, told STOI that the van that was coming from Belthangady to Bantwal hit the motorcycle, injuring the riders.\"The entire area is strewn with soda bottles,\" the SP said, adding police had dispersed the mob gathered in the area and was in the process of rounding up the miscreants.City police chief Seemant Kumar Singh said Mangalore city police too had stepped up vigil in the communally sensitive areas of the city in wake of the incident and additional police force had been sent to the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14538480", "title": "Eco awareness programme for children of Terai belt", "text": "KANPUR: The Children's Eco awareness programme will begin in schools in Terai and Vindhyan belt of the state in the form of week-long 'Van Mahotsava' starting from July 1.The programme will be implemented by the Uttar Pradesh forest department under Uttar Pradesh participatory forest management and poverty alleviation project, with the assistance of Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA), stated Rupak De, principal chief conservator of forest (wildLife) and chief project director of the programme.The Children's Eco awareness is a campaign to sensitise and make aware students with the active participation of teachers and communities.The salient features of the programme are to develop an interest in the children for voluntary sapling planting, by making them understand the function of forests and wildlife and its role in the context of global ecological balance. It places the children at the centre and acts as an educator on the environment. \"The programme aims at reducing man-animal conflict, restoring degraded forests, augmenting forest resources and improving livelihood for communities depending on forests,\" said De.\"It will also help us to study about the awareness of students, teachers and communities regarding the environment and environmental problems in and around the protected areas and places of rich in bio-diversity. Children are the best way to attempt to bring about a change in the attitude of the people. The innocent minds have no vested interests. They are our future and single most important influence in any family. With this realisation, the UP forest department, with the assistance of JICA and an NGO, we are trying to create environmental awareness among students through Children's Eco awareness programme,\" said Rajiv Chauhan, secretary, society for conservation of nature, who is co-ordinating with the forest department to educate children of nearly 55 schools in the `Terai' and Vindhyan belt.For the purpose, schools upto primary, junior and higher secondary level have been identified in the three zones. \"Zone one covers Pilibhit and Dudhwa, zone two Katarniaghat and Sohelwa forest range. Ranipur, Kasi and Kaimur comes under zone three. Ten schools each would be covered in each protected area falling under three zones,\" project director V K Thakur said.Besides, protected areas, the UP forest department had also identified two bio-diversity hot spots, the first one is Lagga Bagga area in Pilibhit and second is Hathi `nullah' in Renukoot area of Sonebhadra district. \"At these two spots, we have shortlisted five schools each for the purpose and its figure would be double in the coming year,\" Thakur added.The main objectives of the programme are to educate children, teachers and communities through full-day orientation classes and field visits, besides demonstrations to make them aware about environment. They will be imparted knowledge about the eco-systems. The youngsters will be mobilised by instilling the spirit of scientific inquiry into environmental problems and involving them in its preservation.The Childrens Eco awareness programme will end on July 7 with the conclusion of `Van Mahotsava' and it will continue for next four years in the schools coming under protected areas and bio-diversity hot spots across the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14554753", "title": "Indians flock to London for the Olympics", "text": "Despite recession woes, Indian tourists are making a beeline to watch the London Olympics.Recession woes have impacted the lifestyle of people globally and there has been considerable doubts about whether the high price of hotel rooms in London during the Olympics would put off many visitors from finally making it to the UK next month. However, a study has shown that an estimated 2,94,000 tourists are likely to visit London from overseas during the Games. Recently, the average room rates in London during the main Olympics (July 27 to August 12) have taken a 24 per cent dip from \u00a3213 to \u00a3160 and hoteliers have begun to abandon the minimum stay rules allowing a tourist to book one or two night stays in the UK capital. For the Indian tourists, this is good news and many have already booked their tickets to watch the sporting extravaganza this year.Says Rajeev D. Kale, Chief Operating Officer-Leisure Travel (MICE, Cruises, Sports Holidays &amp; Domestic), \"Witnessing the Olympics is a lifetime opportunity and not one that our Indian fans want to miss! Being an exclusive travel partner for London 2012 Olympics , we have seen a strong and encouraging response. Sports aficionados, fans of the Indian teams, sports players, corporates, media representatives and even generic holiday makers are booking our Games Break and Games Break Plus packages.\"Recession, says Karan Anand, Head-Relationships, Cox &amp; Kings Ltd., has not impacted the number of Indian tourists to London. \"As this is a niche segment, those who wish to attend the Olympics will do so. The possibility of downsizing the visit in terms of accommodation, duration, etc is higher. We have seen an increase of approximately 20% on our UK travel,\" Anand says. Though Cox &amp; Kings Ltd. doesn't have any special Olympic packages, the London package for free individual tour can be customized.So, what is the kind of special packages are in demand now? SD Nandakumar, Head Tour Operating-B2B, SOTC, \"Indian travellers have been showing considerable interest for the opening and closing ceremonies, hockey and athletics. We have received queries from metros and some Tier 2 cities. Sports enthusiasts, High Net worth Individuals (HNIs) and corporate clients have shown considerable interest for these packages. The response for customized packages has been good. There has been a considerable increase in demand for travel to the UK. London would be an expensive destination for Indian travellers due to the exchange rates and hence would be explored primarily by leisure travellers and corporates,\" Nandakumar says, adding, \"SOTC Sports is the authorized marketing agent of Prestige Ticketing Limited (official providers of Olympics and Paralympic Games corporate hospitality packages). Travellers have chosen on average a five-night stay with the inclusion of two events.\"As far as the packages are concerned, Thomas Cook India has more than a thousand packages on offer. \"The Games Break package starts at `10,999 (per person on twin sharing basis) includes one night accommodation with breakfast in a budget hotel, an official Olympic ticket, with a London travel card for the day of the event. The Games Break Plus package includes four-five star accommodation in London, category A, B or C Olympic tickets, coach transfers to and from the Olympic venues and lunch or dinner. Our packages start from `61,999 (per person on twin sharing basis),\" Kale signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14536945", "title": "Acid attack on 2 women at Fatorda", "text": "MARGAO: Due to past animosity, Agnel alias Thomas Pango from Arlem-Raia, threw diluted acid on two women near Ravindra Bhavan, Fatorda, at 8.30am on Saturday.A case under Section 324 (voluntarily causing hurt by dangerous weapons or means) of Indian Penal Code, was registered at Margao police on Saturday after one of the victims, Joanita Pango, also from Arlem lodged a complaint against the accused soon after the incident.Joanita stated that Agnel had followed her and her employer's daughter Pearl D'Costa on his bike.She added that they were proceeding with their bike at Margao and when they reached Ravindra Bhavan, Fatorda, the accused threw diluted acid on her and D'Costa.Police sources stated that both Joanita and D'Costa had sustained minor injuries on their shoulder and leg and they had been sent to Hospicio Hospital, Margao, for a medical checkup where they were later released. Police sources said that the acid was not concentrated.Police sources said that the accused had a long standing rivalry with the victims and that he committed the offence out of frustration. Police said that they were not ruling out any possibility regarding the dispute and that further investigations were under way.Acting Margao PI Gurduas Kadam and SDPO Margao Mohan Naik are supervising the investigations being conducted by PSI Prajyot Fadte.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "14538738", "title": "Six officers of ferro alloy plant booked for misappropriation", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: The anti-corruption wing of CBI has booked six senior officers of Chandrapur Ferro Alloy Plant (CFAP), a unit of Steel Authority of India Limited (SAIL), in connection with misappropriation in awarding charcoal procurement contract. Three contractors from Ballarpur too have been booked for involvement in the misappropriation.CBI sources informed that CFAP had awarded a contract to a supplier for procurement of charcoal around one and half years back. But, the contractor left the work unwilling to supply coal at low price. Company officials re-issued the tenders for the contract. Three contractors - Singh Kalara, Iqbal Soni and Balabir Singh Saluja allegedly secured the contract at higher rates in connivance with executive director, CFAP, GS Gill and other senior officers.CBI officers carried out the inspection at the offices and residences of executive director GS Gill, then general manager of plant Jagannath Rao, general manager (marketing) RV Nafade, assistant general manager SS Bodhankar, manager SM Fule and deputy manager DS Gupte on Thursday. Simultaneous surveys were also carried out at the residences of the accused officers and contractors in Delhi, Chennai and Gondia on the same day.CBI officers have reportedly seized some documents related to misappropriation during the inspection, sources claimed. Offence under the charges of cheating and corruption has been registered against the six officers and three contractors. Deputy SP RK Das and SAS Salam led the CBI inspection parties in Chandrapur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14537469", "title": "Best doctor award for Dr S Kamath", "text": "KOCHI: Dr S Sachidananda Kamath, medical director of Welcare Hospital, Vyttila, has been selected as the best doctor in the private health sector in Kerala.The state award instituted by the ministry of health and family welfare will be presented at a function to be held at Thiruvananthapuram on Sunday. The award includes Rs 15,000 and a citation.A pediatrician, Dr Kamath, is the immediate past president of the Kochi chapter of the Indian Medical Association, and also the former president of the Indian Academy of Pediatrics, Kochi. He was instrumental in making a difference to the city's health scene with a host of activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14538871", "title": "Odisha denying tribals their rights: Centre", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre has told Odisha that transit and sale of bamboo by tribals was being denied in the state in violation of the Forest Rights Act (FRA), a complaint which is at odds with CM Naveen Patnaik's bid to position himself as champion of tribal rights by pushing for P A Sangma for President.Union tribal affairs minister Kishore Chandra Deo on Thursday wrote a letter to Patnaik, complaining that forest authorities were not allowing transit permit to a gram sabha in Kalahandi district to sell harvested bamboo, despite FRA giving them a claim over minor forest produce. The letter said, \"Kindly issue necessary instructions to authorities concerned to allow unfettered right of transit for sale of bamboo by gram panchayats to buyers which is a right given to them under the FRA.\"The lament that Odisha was not implementing the landmark FRA, which seeks to rescue forest dwellers like tribals from oppressive forest bureaucracy, does not augur well for the ruling Biju Janata Dal which has sought to flag its pro-tribal credentials by making it an issue in the July 19 Presidential poll.CM Patnaik was the first person to back NCP dissident Sangma for the President's post by arguing that it was time for a tribal to move to Rashtrapati Bhavan. Observers said Patnaik's surprise move was aimed at embarrassing Congress while consolidating his hold over 23% of the state's tribal population. Else, the bid to back Sangma makes little political sense for Patnaik since the opposition has fewer votes to harbour any realistic hope of victory.In the backdrop of Presidential poll, the tribal minister's plaint about forest communities\" rights in Odisha contrasts starkly with Patnaik's objective. Observers wondered if the timing of the letter \u2014 a day after Sangma filed his nomination to cross swords with UPA's Pranab Mukherjee \u2014 was not well thought out.The issue pertains to a remote tribal village in Jamguda. The villagers complained they were in danger of losing bamboo produce worth Rs 30 lakh. The forest authorities turned down gram sabha's request for transit permit to enable buyers to pick the bamboo, saying the state government had not issued any such circular.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "14538568", "title": "Tiger killed in fight for territory", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: One more tiger was found dead in FDCM Junona forest range on Saturday afternoon. After inspecting the spot the forest officials concluded that the tiger died in territorial fight with another big cat. This is the seventh incident of tiger death in Chandrapur district this year.Informer deployed by forest department first gave a tip-off about the tiger carcass to Ballarpur range RFO MM Morey. He rushed to the spot and discovered that the area belongs to FDCM. He then informed FDCM officers. Senior forest officer later rushed to the spot in compartment no. 504 of FDCM Junona range. The spot is located in the jungle around Karwa village, around 8km from Chandrapur. Examination of the carcass revealed that all its vital body parts, including nails, canines and moustaches, were intact. \"It was a full grown male tiger aged around 10 years. Its carcass was in a decomposed condition and appeared to be more than five days old. Poaching in the case is ruled out as all body parts are intact,\" said Sanjay Thakre, regional manager, FDCM North Chandrapur.He said that no electric supply line passes through this jungle area. Hence there is no possibility of electrocution. Poisoning too has been ruled out as there is no waterhole in the area around. \"Moreover, we have discovered clear signs of fight among two tigers 25 metres away from the carcass. Blood was spilled all around and shrubs had stains of blood. It appears to be a fight among two full grown tigers. The deceased tiger sustained severe injuries on head and have injury marks all over the skin. It had also sustained multiple fractures in limb and probably in the ribs,\" he said.The carcass was lying sideways and its right hind leg had completely fallen apart after decomposition. The tiger measured 2.90 metre in length and 100cm in height. There were several injury scratches and tear marks on the body. Thakre said that hind leg might have been broken in the fight and fallen apart due to decomposition. He also suspected that the other tiger that won the fight might also have been injured.\"The possibility of injuries to other tiger could not be ruled out. We are going to launch search operations for the other tigers,\" he said. Thakre asked acting CCF of Chandrapur circle GRK Rao to search for the tiger in the adjoining jungle under his jurisdiction.Veterinary doctor PD Kadukar carried out the post mortem of the tiger on the spot in the presence of NTCA representative Mukesh Bhandakkar and PCCF representative Bandu Dhotre. The carcass was later cremated before witnesses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14542123", "title": "Complete wheat lifting by July 15, says Jawed Usmani", "text": "Chief secretary Jawed Usmani has issued directions that under no circumstances release orders for lifting wheat from covered godowns be issued until the entire wheat stored at purchase centres and open godowns is disposed off. He said that in order to prevent loss of wheat stored at unprotected places, the lifting of wheat for the months of August and September should be completed at all cost by July 15 under public distribution system. Strict action, he said, would be initiated against quota holders found lax in lifting the wheat in time.Presiding over a meeting held here to review wheat purchase, the chief secretary also directed that the distribution of wheat to consumers for the next two months should be done in July itself. \"As against a target of 42 lakh metric tonne, 50 lakh three thousand metric tonne of wheat has been purchased so far which is 120% of the target fixed by the government,\" Usmani informed. He has directed the officials that the wheat lying in open places should immediately be stored at protected places or should be distributed to the consumers through public distribution system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14542043", "title": "Obra-C plant gets 2nd sanction from state government", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Obra-C power plant which was approved by UP cabinet on Friday has attained unique distinction. It is the only power plant, which has been sanctioned twice by the state government. Earlier it was sanctioned during Mayawati's tenure in 2009.There is another common feature to it. In 2009, the project was sanctioned by the Mayawati government before Lok Sabha elections. This time too, the Akhilesh Yadav government is somewhat driven by the 2014 Lok Sabha elections, has given its nod to the same project.However, government sources claim that in Mayawati's case the project was given an \"in principle\" approval, while the present government has taken care of the fact that the project is approved along with a detailed project report (DPR).Officials closely monitoring the project for quite sometime say that while there was no effort in getting the viability and the status of the project assessed during Mayawati regime, the current government has assessed it and decided to term it 'super critical'. The project was initially of 500x2 (1000 Mw) capacity. This has now been enhanced to 660x2 (1320 Mw).Principal secretary, energy, Anil Gupta confirmed that the earlier cabinet decision still exists. \"This time we are using new technology that will make the plant more efficient,\" Gupta said. The older version was proposed to have come up at a cost of Rs 6,175 crore. While 30% of the project was to be funded by the state government, the remaining will be met by borrowing from financial institutions and banks.The government had the necessary 200 hectare land for the power plant, besides 37 cusec water would be available from Rihand. Coal linkage for the thermal plant had also been approved from the Chendipara Coal block. However, in the absence of much effort, the project as apparent remained on paper.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14540027", "title": "Kind words worked as a cure", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It is not just being well versed with medical texts, having the most advanced clinical instruments and prescribing the best medicine that makes the difference when it comes to healing. Soothing, kind words heal more than all these things put together. On National Doctors' Day on Sunday, TOI brings some personal experiences of patients which changed their relationship with their doc from a professional to that of a healer-friend.The National Doctor's Day is celebrated on July 1 across India to honour the legendary physician and second chief minister of West Bengal, Dr Bidhan Chandra Roy. He was born on July 1, 1882 and died on the same date in 1962 at the age of 80. Dr Roy was honoured with the country's highest civilian award, the Bharat Ratna on February 4, 1961. Every year Doctor's Day is celebrated in India on July 1. The day is observed to express gratitude towards physicians.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14538746", "title": "Common Admission Process to go online in Nagpur next year", "text": "NAGPUR: After a decade since the system was introduced in the city, the Common Admission Process (CAP) will finally go online from next year. CAP is the gateway for students to secure admissions in city colleges and operates on a single-window system concept. Currently, Mumbai is the only city in state which manages CAP on a fully online platform.Deputy director of education Mahesh Karajgaonkar said, \"We have been planning to take the entire CAP system online for last two years but for some reason or the other it did not work out. But now we are all set to have an online CAP from 2013 for which a special dry-run will be conducted in October. We need to test the technical strength of the proposed system as any glitch can result in a major disaster.\"While CAP in Nagpur is called offline, it is only partially so. Students fill up the traditional pen-and-paper form and visit the submission centre. All the details of the applicant are fed into the computer and even counseling is done online. Karajgaonkar, said, \"It is only the part where students fill up the form that is offline rest everything is done on an online platform only.\"In the newer version, the traditional system of forms will be done away with details will be filled directly online. However, the local CAP committee has still not decided where these designated computers shall be set up, or can the system be accessed through the internet directly.\"We are thinking of various methods with the aim of keeping everything simplistic as implementing anything new is never easy. We could use the computers available at Maharashtra Knowledge Corporation Ltd offices, or SETU or have it on the net. One option being seriously considered is that students can fill their forms online at their parent school to avoid rush at one particular centre,\" Karajgaonkar added.The implementation of online CAP will also require special training for staff which will operate the computers on behalf of students and for that a request for funds has been made to the state government. Karajgaonkar estimates that the cost for setting up the entire system should be between Rs 25 - 30 lakh.The CAP form sale this year has already netted the in excess of Rs 25 lakh for the committee hence it does seem that finances won't be an obstacle to implement the online version next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14542221", "title": "Congress MLAs stage walk out over Azam Khan's remark on Narayan Dutt Tiwari", "text": "LUCKNOW: Congress MLAs on Saturday staged a walkout in the state assembly to lodge protest against alleged offending remark of parliamentary affairs minister Mohammad Azam Khan on former chief minister and senior Congress leader ND Tiwari who is at present embroiled in a paternity suit. Khan made the remark in the House, when Congress MLA Pramod Tiwari asked the Samajwadi Party government to launch a housing scheme for MLAs and journalists like the ones launched during the regimes of ND Tiwari and Veer Bahadur Singh in the 1980s.In reply to Tiwari, Khan made a comment, which Congress members termed as 'offending' and demanded that it should not be put on record. Pressing the demand, Congress members staged a walkout. Later, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav also requested Speaker Mata Prasad Pandey not to put the remarks on record.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "dibrugarh", "code": "14543104", "title": "Pinky Karmakar gets warm welcome on return", "text": "DIBRUGARH: Pinky Karmakar, a 17-year old girl from Barbaruah Tea Estate in Dibrugarh, arrived at her home on Saturday after participating in the London Olympics torch relay held at Nottinghamshire on June 28. The Class X student was accorded a rousing welcome on her arrival at Dibrugarh airport where she was felicitated by many organizations and individuals including ex-Dibrugarh MP Sarbananda Sonowal .Later, she was led to her residence at Barbaruah in an open jeep through the main roads of Dibrugarh town from the airport. Hundreds of people took out a huge motorcycle rally and escorted her to her residence.Pinky Karmakar was the only representative from India among 20 countries selected for the Olympic torch relay in London. At home, she teaches a group of about 50 women, including her mother, in a school in the tea garden and has been associated with programmes to create awareness on child marriage, adult literacy and alcoholism under Unicef.Pinky, who runs a daily sports programme in her school, is part of the International Inspiration Programme, Sports LPgacy project of London, 2012, run in partnership with UK Sport, Unicef and the British Council.\"Coming from a little-known tea garden from a remote part of Assam , it was a great honour to represent the country in the Olympics torch relay. It was an unforgettable experience to participate in the event, along with representatives from 19 other nations. My priority now will be to do something for the society in the field of education and sports,\" said Pinky.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "14541033", "title": "Woman killed, several injured in group clash", "text": "ALWAR: An old rivalry between two groups of people turned violent killing an elderly person during a religious procession in Bharatpur on Saturday.A 54-year-old woman who was taking part in the procession was killed during stampede after one group of the rivals opened fire. Eight persons sustained bullet injuries during the incident. The woman's body had been trampled upon during the stampede and was spotted almost half an hour after her death.According to the police, the incident took place at Jagheena village under Udhyog Nagar police station area of Bharatpur district.\"There has been a rivalry between two families of Kunwar Singh and Babulal. Babulal's group accuses the Kunwar Singh and his family of killing a youth one-and-a-half years ago. Both groups had engaged in minor scuffles in the past too,\" Udhyog Nagar SHO Lakhan Khatana said.He said the incident happened when Kunwar Singh group was building a temple in the village and took out procession. \"Before setting the goddess's idol, they took out a procession across the village and distributing sweets. A large number of people had taken part in it,\" the officer said.He said some people in procession offered sweets to children from Babulal's family which irked some women.\"It led to a fight following which people from both the groups started pelting stones. Soon guns were also fired from both the sides. While eight sustained bullet injuries, four others were injured in the stampede and stone pelting,\" the officer said.The clash continued for almost half an hour. \"After the crowd was dispersed, the woman's body was spotted,\" said the officer.Some of the victims who sustained bullet injuries were just onlookers. \"Three of them are women and identified as Patan Kumari, Krishi and Suresh Devi,\" Khatana said.The police have rounded up about a dozen people from both the sides. \"Investigation is being carried out to ascertain the identity of those responsible for the crime. Our first priority is to restore law and order. We have deputed a heavy force in the village,\" a police officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14538706", "title": "Arsenic may contaminate paddy, vegetables: Subrata Mukherjee", "text": "KOLKATA: After drinking water, the problem of arsenic contamination may now spread to rice and vegetables, public health engineering (PHE) minister Subrata Mukherjee warned while speaking in a debate on the PHE budget in the state assembly on Saturday.\"Arsenic contamination may not be a threat in Aman paddy, but for Boro crops, which depend on ground water, the possibility of arsenic contamination cannot be ruled out. Even some of the common vegetables may contaminated with arsenic,\" Mukherjee said. To combat the problem, the PHE department was taking steps to replace ground water in the affected areas with surface water sources. tnnThe Nadia district would soon be free from supply of arsenic contaminated water. At Nakashipara a water treatment plant had been set up where water from the Ganga was being filtered and supplied to villages by laying pipes. In North 24 Parganas, too, there was a plan to supply water from the Hooghly river at Basanti and Nodakhali.There was also a plan to set up a research centre of international standards in arsenic near Kolkata. The Centre had already allotted Rs 50 crore as the initial grant for setting up the station. Land was also available, Mukherjee said.The PHE department had already completed its job in the Balason water supply project for Darjeeling town. Two reservoirs had been set up for the purpose. \"Water has not reached houses in Darjeeling so far as the task of setting up the distribution channels, which is with another agency, has not been completed.\" Mukherjee claimed since the British days this was the first attempt to augment water supply to Darjeeling town. The Neorakhola project for supply of water to Kalimpong town was also being upgraded. In Bankura district, a Rs 1,600 crore project had been taken up to improve water supply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "puducherry", "code": "14540239", "title": "National urban health mission on PM's agenda", "text": "PUDUCHERRY: Expressing concern over the quality of medical education, PM Manmohan Singh on Saturday called for establishing a regulatory and institutional mechanism to help improve standards. He also said his government is proposing a new National Urban Health Mission to focus on the health challenges of people in towns and cities.\"There is a perception of deteriorating quality (in medical education). We cannot allow this situation to continue. We must put in place a credible regulatory and institutional mechanism to help develop standards in our medical system,\" Singh said while delivering the convocation address at Jawaharlal Institute of Postgraduate Medical Education and Research.He also suggested taking a serious look at the medical education curriculum so that \"doctors are trained to look at health in a holistic manner that goes beyond a narrow clinical and technology-driven approach.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14536829", "title": "Anti-incumbency haunts Congress", "text": "HYDERABAD: Mystified at how the beneficiaries of the pro-poor schemes of the state government could vote for any party but the ruling Congress in the recent bypolls, a nine-member ministerial team met at Gandhi Bhavan on Saturday to arrive at likely explanations.Chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy and PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana were also part of the deliberations. As per decision taken at a cabinet meeting on Friday, the committee headed by minister Dharmana Prasada Rao has to submit its report within 15 days. The exercise is the direct outcome of meetings the chief minister and the PCC chief had last week with Congress high command.Neither does the party have any idea why its traditional vote bank \u2014 comprising SCs, Christians and Muslims \u2014 chose to switch allegiance and go with the Jaganmohan Reddy-led YSR Congress.\"Congress feels it has a future only if it can find answers to these questions,\" said a minister after the meeting. According to the minister, many members at Saturday's meeting felt an anti-establishment sentiment was gaining momentum in state.The popular disaffection with the Congress, as made evident in the byelection results, was the main point of debate at the meeting at Gandhi Bhavan. Sources said that the chief minister and the PCC chief have both asked the committee to understand the roots of the growing dissatisfaction among beneficiaries of various welfare schemes with the ruling party.Apart from Dharmana, CM and Botsa, those taking part in the meeting were ministers Anam Ramanarayana Reddy, N Raghuveera Reddy, Kanna Lakshminarayana, DK Aruna, B Saraiah, P Viswarup, C Ramachandraiah, P Satyanarayana and Thota Narasimham.At its first sitting, the leaders were in agreement about how the voters had been carried away by the propaganda blitz unleashed by YSR Congress and its Saakshi media group which eclipsed the campaigning by Congress leaders. They also felt that Jagan's accusation that the ruling party was scuppering all the welfare schemes had influenced the people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14558209", "title": "Government Medical College and Hospital goes green", "text": "NAGPUR: The Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) in Nagpur has installed 175 solar street lights in the college and hospital premises and solar water heaters in 14 wards and eight hostels.\"\"It is for the first time that the hospital will have hot water facility in 14 wards. The project costing Rs60.38 crore has been funded by the district planning committee. The water heater facility will specially benefit new born babies in the wards,\"\" said Dr Arun Humne, hospital superintendent and professor and head of the preventive and social medicine at the GMCH.GMCH has a huge campus with college buildings, hostels, dental college, and nursing and medical hostels spread over an area of over 60 acres. Since the premises also have a large number of trees, lighting the streets during night is necessary. With solar lights now covering the entire dark patch, the whole of the premises will now be illuminated during night. In all 125 street lights have been installed in the main campus while 25 of them have been installed in the tuberculosis ward and isolation hospital opposite main premises.There are two post graduate hostels, one interns hostel and remaining are undergraduate hostels. About 1,000 students living in these hostels will also benefit from the hot water facility now made available using solar water heaters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14538955", "title": "Showcase glass kills girl trying to take her doll", "text": "CHENNAI: In a tragic incident, a three-and-a-half-year-old girl died after a piece of glass from a TV stand-cum-showcase fell on her at her house in Ernavoor near Royapuram on Friday night.Police said B Subasree was trying to take a doll kept on the television stand when the glass fell on her.Her father Balamurugan, a security guard at a leading Tamil daily in the city, was seated beside her when the incident took place. \"I was packing all her dolls and putting them inside a bag. I failed to notice my daughter trying to pick up the doll and was helpless,\" said Balamurugan, who appeared inconsolable.\"Subasree was watching television, I never thought she would get up and rush towards the set because I had given her all the dolls she asked for. But I failed to notice that her favourite doll was kept above the television,\" he said.Her mother Saraswathi, a homemaker, was busy cooking when she heard Subasree's cries and rushed to the hall. The couple immediately took her to a nearby private hospital.The girl lost a lot of blood from the injury and died without responding to treatment. \"There is no proper hospital near Ernavoor. The hospital to which I took my daughter failed to give her proper first aid. Before I could take her to a private hospital in Thiruvottiyur, which is about 30 minutes away from my home, she lost consciousness,\" said Balamurugan.Subashree was an LKG student of a nearby private school where she was admitted on June 4.\"It is less than a month since she joined. She loved going to school and doing homework everyday. She enjoyed moving with friends and was always active,\" her father said.\"She always wanted me to get her packets of chips and would wait to have dinner until I reached home even late at night,\" Bala Murugan said, his voice choking as he recalled her activities. The couple have a seven-month-old daughter Jayashree.Subashree's body was handed over to her parents after a postmortem at the Government Stanley Medical College Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14541841", "title": "Activists disrupt Anandiben Patel\u2019s event", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Most of the schools and colleges in the city remained closed on Saturday in protest against the 'inaction' of the police and administration in tracing the missing kids.The National Students Union of India (NSUI) leaders forced revenue minister Anandiben Patel to cut short her speech at a municipal school in Gulbai Tekra. The minister was there as part of the school enrolment drive. She was welcoming the students from nearby slum areas when the NSUI leaders rushed there. They stood at the school gate shouting slogans and did not allow the minister to speak. This led to a clash between the NSUI leaders and the police. However, when the activists refused to leave the area, the minister had to cut short her speech and had to leave.The bandh call was given jointly by the NSUI and the Student Federation of India (SFI) and was aimed at sensitizing parents with the miseries of those whose children have gone missing. \"This bandh will bring all parents on the same platform,\" said Vishwajeet Vaghela, president of Ahmedabad unit of the NSUI.At several other places, the parents had to rush to schools to collect their children. A parent of Zydus School for Excellence said that the school management informed the parents on phone to come and collect the students. Similarly, at the St Xavier's School anxious parents rushed to collect their wards back after the news spread that the NSUI activists were forcing schools to close down.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14536899", "title": "Woman fleeing junkie son rescued by commuter", "text": "MUMBAI: A 48-year-old woman, in a rush to escape from her \"junkie\" son, boarded a suburban train without buying a ticket. The woman, Namal Bhoj, was accompanied by her daughter-in-law Meena and grandchildren (an 11-month-old boy and a five-year-old girl). Just as the women heaved a sigh of relief thinking they had managed to flee, they were caught by a woman ticket collector (TC) at CST on Friday. The TC, despite being told that the two were trying to save their lives, showed little compassion.\"We were fleeing from my son Ashok who was on the railway bridge,\" Namal told the TC, adding, \"Ashok is a drug addict. He has beaten me up on several occasions and even threatened his wife and children.\" But the TC was not moved and told Namal that \"she should have gotten off at the next station and bought the tickets\".The two women told the TC that they had lodged several police complaints against Ashok, but in vain. \"We boarded the train at Sion and wanted to get off at Dadar to go to Jogeshwari. Fearing that Ashok was on the same train, we decided to go to CST as cops are present there,'' said Namal. She also offered copies of complaints she has lodged against Ashok at the MIDC police station in Andheri (E).Yet, the TC didn't offer any help to the women who were visibly distressed and reiterated that they should have bought train tickets.A commuter, who had been witnessing the exchange of words between the TC and Namal, asked the latter why her son wanted to kill his children. To this, Namal said, \"He wants money to buy drugs. He is demanding Rs 5,000.\"The women said that the police detain Ashok each time they file a complaint and let him off the next morning. \"He comes back and harasses us. He even tried to smash his daughter's head,\" said Namal, who gave up her job to stay at home and protect her grandchildren. \"He has thrown stones at our home. Neighbours are afraid to intervene. The police tell us to come to them only if he hurts someone,\" said Namal.The MIDC police have issued an arrest warrant but want the women to inform them whenever they spot Ashok. \"How do we hold on to him till they arrive? We have been living on the road for a few weeks now,\" said Namal.Yet the TC persisted: How did you reach Sion and why didn't you buy a ticket?'' The woman explained that they had gone to her daughter's place. But on reaching there we learnt that he had been there earlier. So we left immediately. I was waiting in queue to buy tickets to Dadar when I saw him on the bridge,'' she said.It was only when the commuter offered to take the women to the social service branch at the Mumbai police commissioner's office that the TC allowed them to go without insisting on a fine. After meeting an officer and a counselor at the social service branch, the women were sent to a social worker called Urmila. who asked for their names. The elder women identified herself as Namal Bhoj and her daughter-in-law as Meena. Nikita is five years old, while Bhakti is 11 months old.A TOI reporter who was present there asked if the women could be accommodated in a home in the western suburbs so that Namal can go back to her job. Urmila then called up her colleagues at Kandivli police station and found them a place at Shanti Ghar. The nuns who run the home have assured to keep them till their problem is resolved.ACP Vasant Dhoble of the social service branch said the accused will be arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14543103", "title": "Rescue ops on in flood-hit state", "text": "GUWAHATI: The army has deployed 28 columns, boats, life jackets and other essential equipment required to carry out rescue work in the flood-hit state. Besides, six medical camps have also been set up.Defence PRO Lt-Col SS Phogat said army helicopters were also engaged to carryout reconnaissance of flood-affected areas to facilitate rescue in inaccessible locations. \"Rescue operation resulted in saving more than 3000 precious lives, who were ferried by army boats to safer places. Army doctors provided timely medical assistance. Food, medicines and blankets were distributed to affected people by the army as the civil administration did have any means available for distribution,\" the spokesman added.He said, \"Rescue work is still in progress and all efforts are being made by the Army to reach out to flood-hit villages. The 'Red Horns Division' shares a close relationship with the common people of Assam and will make all out efforts to alleviate their miseries.\" Since the commencement of monsoon this year and the havoc it created in areas around the Brahmaputra, army teams have been deployed at Sonitpur, Barpeta and Kamrup rural districts. Maj-Gen DK Purohit, chief of staff of Gajraj Corps, personally visited the flooded villages and supervised rescue and relief operations, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14537264", "title": "Feedback sought on load-shedding norm", "text": "Mumbai: In the backdrop of increasing quantum of power in the country and the diminishing load-shedding hours, electricity consumers in the state have a chance to air their views as to how the power be distributed equally and efficiently among them. The passing summer witnessed very minimal load-shedding in the state showing signs of ample power in near future. The state has already announced to rationalize load-shedding by cutting power supply to those who do not pay their bills on time. At present an entire city or town has to put up with power cuts because of a few defaulters.In its tentative roadmap, the state power supplier - the MSEDCL - has said that it will segregate consumers feeder-wise. Normally each feeder supplies power to 100 to 600 consumers. Those drawing power from a feeder with a distribution and commercial loss (DCL) of 34% and above will face power cuts in cities. In case of rural areas DCL of 37% and above will attract power cuts. Currently load-shedding is carried out on basis of the groups (A, B, C, D, E and F) a city or town has been placed in depending upon their DCLs. The new system, by factoring in losses at feeder-level, will see power cuts being affected at the micro level. \"Thus in the same city or town there could be neighbouring groups of consumers facing load-shedding and those enjoying 24-hour power supply,\" said a senior MSEDCL official.A state-wide public hearing to decide on this roadmap for load-shedding-free Maharashtra will be held between July 11 and 27 at six prominent revenue headquarters besides discussing the tariff hike proposal of the MSEDCL. The Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC) in its public announcement on Saturday invited objections and suggestions on the 'roadmap to achieve the target of making Maharashtra load-shedding free' submitted by the MSEDCL. MERC has uploaded the MSEDCL's proposed roadmap on its website and the schedule of public hearing at six revenue headquarters.The state's supplier - the Maharashtra Electricity Distribution Company Ltd (MSEDCL) - has already made it clear that even if it gets ample low-cost power to end load-shedding, it will carry out load-shedding in areas where distribution and commercial losses (DCL), meaning power thefts and defaulters, remain sizably more bringing burden on its finances. \"Even city's prime areas will not be spared from power cuts if they are found with consumers having more DCL. To ensure this MSEDCL has already taken up proper feeder separation across the state so as to easily implement the system. It's divisional engineers have been given powers to decide on feeder-wise categorization of consumers and power cuts depending upon DCLs in that particular area,\" sources said.Interestingly, the MSEDCL has given an ultimatum to the cities like Aurangabad and Nagpur where DCLs are huge that if they did not bring the DCL below 34% by August 20 this year, they would face load-shedding as per the feeders. This means consumers on feeders where there will be more defaulters and power thefts will face more load-shedding and than those feeder-wise areas having less such defaulting consumers. Presently, the power cuts in cities and towns falling in first three categories A, B and C have completely been withdrawn and those crossing the DCL level beyond 34 and 37 per cents respectively are still facing cuts.\"Feeder separation will ensure power cuts to feeder-wise groups of consumers even within A, B and C-level cities and towns depending upon the level of their DCLs,\" said the officials.Schedule for public hearing on tariff hike and load-shedding protocolat state's six revenue divisions1) Navi Mumbai, conference hall, CIdco Bhavan, Belapur, on Friday July27 at 10 am2) Pune, Council Hall, Divisional Commissioner office, July 25, 10 am3) Nashik, Niyojan Bhavan, Collector office campus, July 23, 10 am4) Aurangabad, Meeting hall at Divisional COmmssioner's office, July, 19, 10 am5) Nagpur, Vanamati Hall, VIP road, Dharampeth, July 13, 10 am6) Amravati, Hall No 1, Divisional Commissioner's office, July 11, 10 am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14540178", "title": "Soulful jugalbandi enthralls audience", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It was an evening drenched in soulful strings and colours of desert as a jugalbandi fusion nite, \"Soul for strings\" organized by the Times of India and presented by a renowned musician Salil Bhatt, commenced at Park Plaza in Sector 17, on Saturday night. More than 300 people attended the event.Salil, who is a creator of the satvik veena and the son of the legendary slide player and India's Grammy award winner Padamshree Pandit Vishwa Mohan Bhatt, in his signature style weaved magic with satvik veena and enthralled the audience. Accompanying him and enticing the audience was Himanshu Mehent from Banaras, who played the tabla.The event was inaugurated by chief guest Chandigarh SSP Naunihal Singh, UT IPG P K Shrivastva and director of special project Park Plaza Rajesh Ranjan.\"It was a wonderful event. It was truly an honour to sponsor such an event. The performances were completely mind boggling and class apart,\" says Harmanjot Gosal, CEO of a company.\"It was truly a pleasure to attend this event. I enjoyed the performance,\" said Rajesh Ranjan, director of special project Park Plaza. \"The show had a perfect balance of classical and fusion music,\" said, Gitansha Thakur, a city resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "madikeri", "code": "14541542", "title": "2 docs booked over girl's death", "text": "Madikeri: Two doctors from Virajpet Government Hospital have been booked for their alleged medical negligence which led to the death of a college student on June 27.Based on a complaint by the girl's parents, Virajpet police have registered a case against doctors Bhaskar and Ravindra on June 28. According to the complainants, their daughter Mahalakshmi, 18, died at the hospital soon after a doctor administered an injection to her.Mahalakshmi's father V K Rangaiah, a daily wage worker, told STOI: \"Being poor, we are helpless.\"The 61-year-old was at a wedding ceremony in Siddapur when he received a message that his daughter was admitted to Virajpet Government Hospital following stomach ache and vomiting in the college. The second year BBM student was shifted to the hospital at 11.30am, after which Dr Bhaskar reportedly administered drips and gave some medicines. When Rangaiah met Dr Bhaskar in the hospital, the latter told him not to worry as she was only having \"gastric trouble\". She was given six bottles of glucose till 8pm. Till then she was active, chatting with relatives and friends over cell phone.In the night, duty doctor Ravindra arrived and administered an injection through the drips. Soon, Mahalakshmi started shouting because of pain and sent out an SOS: 'Nanna jeeva hoithu appa, nanna baduksu' (dad, I'm dying, save me).But according to Rangaiah, she fell from the bed and breathed her last even before he could reach her. Rangaiah said his daughter had never fallen sick in the last 18 years. Rangaiah has two sons and Mahalakshmi was the only daughter.When contacted, district health officer Dr Shivakumar said that he has conducted an informal inquiry. \"The two doctors said she was given Domperodone and Ranitidine injections. One is a pain killer and another one to control gastric trouble. There is no chance of death caused due to the medicines.\" He, however, said that a formal notice will be issued to the doctors seeking explanation after receiving the autopsy report.ABVP leaders and public staged a protest on June 28, demanding the doctors' suspension and submitted an appeal to the tahsildar to initiate an inquiry.Speaker K G Bopaiah visited the bereaved family on Saturday and consoled the parents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14559843", "title": "Kalam's assertion on dissolution of Bihar assembly in February 2005 vindicates Nitish", "text": "PATNA: Former President APJ Abdul Kalam's assertion that the imposition of central rule in Bihar in early 2005 was not justified has only put a seal of approval on the charge of chief minister Nitish Kumar that the UPA's decision, which was scripted by then railway minister Lalu Prasad, was unconstitutional.\"What Kalam has mentioned in his new book 'Turning Points: A Journey Through Challenges' about Bihar is true and this is what Kumar had been saying all along,\" said JD(U) spokesman Neeraj Kumar, MLC. He demanded that UPA government and its ally Lalu Prasad should apologize to the people of Bihar.It is to be recalled after the assembly election in the state in February 2005, the assembly even before its formation was dissolved. A decision to this effect had ben taken by the central cabinet and then President Kalam was pressed to give his nod to the decision. The Supreme Court had expressed its dissent over it and called the decision unconstitutional. Kalam was so hurt that he wanted to quit after the apex court's comments.The party spokesman said the revelations made by Kalam were ample proof that the UPA government under pressure from Lalu did injustice to a man of high integrity and principles. Lalu, whose party had suffered in the February 2005 election and his wife Rabri Devi , who then was chief minister, was all set to lose power. \"However, it is another story that the assembly election in October 2005 proved fatal for Lalu and his party suffered major setback,\" said Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "bareilly", "code": "14542219", "title": "Fire breaks at Indian Veterinary Research Institute", "text": "BAREILLY: A fire broke out at administrative block of Indian Veterinary Research Institute (IVRI) Bareilly on Friday. Kundan Singh, communication in-charge at IVRI said, \"The blaze that might have caused due to short circuit. It damaged seven air conditioners and a dais, but was controlled within 15 minutes.\"The incident came to light when an employee of IVRI noticed fumes from the auditorium, while on his way to the office. Fire tender of air force was first to arrive who helped in controlling the fire, Singh added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14558689", "title": "It\u2019s funny playing David Hasselhoff: David Hasselhoff", "text": "David Hasselhoff needs no introduction. This American actor made waves in India in the late 80s and the 90s with his stint, first in the hit Tv series Knight Rider and then again, with Baywatch. Chennai Times gets chatting with the actor who will be appearing in a new film Piranha 3DD.Can you tell us about your role in Piranha 3DD ? I play the role of David Hasselhoff. There was a lot of competition out there but I won the role! I took a little training to play David Hasselhoff. I'm very excited to play him. He is one of my favorite actors and all time hero; so to play him is kind of to live up to the expectation was a little nerve racking. But I think I pulled it off. I went into a deep trance, and every night I meditated, and I read David Hasselhoff's book to try to find out who he was about. It's kind of the dark side of David Hasselhoff , and I enjoyed playing that and especially not wanting to rescue the ginger little moron kid. And not making any of the rescues \u2014 I just thought it was the funniest thing ever!Aren't you annoyed that your past few appearances in movies have been as a celebrity guest, mostly playing yourself? I think it's funny playing David Hasselhoff. And it works because I was able to play David Hasselhoff, and kind of get to the essence of him.How was the experience shooting for the film? It was amazing. The cast and crew were so creative. I got to take a piranha home with me. It's in my house now. And it's strange because every time I try to feed it, it's pretty scary. I got a little blood in my eye once, but I kept going. I'm a hero! There were so many girls in such a good shape that it looked like Baywatch on steroids. It was living in 3D moment every time you go to the pool. It was distracting at times like, 'Oh my God! What's that?' But it was more fun watching everyone in the pool get... eaten by the fish. And there was a lot of blood.What's next on the cards? I've got a film in development called Jungle Brats , which is like Goonies. I've got a movie coming out called The Christmas Consultant . It's really a big role. It's the lead. So things are really turning around for me.Would you ever consider doing a new Knight Rider Movie? I'm actually looking to try to bring back Knight Rider .Have you watched any Indian films before? Does Slumdog Millionaire count? Yes, I have watched several.What are your first thoughts when you hear India? I think I could live off of Indian food! I love it all, especially the chicken korma ! I would love to have any reason to come to India. I am ready to come to the India ... so call me!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "14536533", "title": "Ekadashi is the most auspicious day for worship of Lord Vithal", "text": "KERI: Ekadashi, which falls on the eleventh day of the fourth month of Ashadh in the Hindu calendar, is considered the most auspicious occasion to go on a pilgrimage to Pandharpur in Maharashtra to worship Lord Shri Vithal and to express gratitude to him. Ekadashi was celebrated on Saturday.A large number of devotees flock to Pandharpur from Goa. Every year groups of devotees from Marcel in Ponda taluka and Mulgao in Bicholim taluka participate in the annual fair of Ekadashi by walking from Goa to Pandharpur.In Goa, where there is a Vithal temple in places like Akhada island in Tiswadi, Marcel, Ponda, Sanguem, Mala-Panaji, Taleigao, Comba-Margao and Ribandar a large number of devotees gather throughout the day from dawn.The Shri Vithal temple situated on the right bank of the river Valvont in Vithalapur of Karapur village of Bicholim taluka is considered as the Pandharpur of Goa as it attracts thousands of devotees.Swapana Dhupkar, 62, a well known poetess from Marcel, said, \"For me Shri Vithal is the source of inspiration and hence on this day I make it a point to visit Shri Vithal temple at Vithalapur. My family is associated with Vithal worship for more than five hundred years. Ekadashi is the day of offering prayers and enjoying peace of mind for my family.\"Devotional and cultural programmes like bhajans, kirtans and pravachans are organised throughout Goa to mark the occasion. Wearing a garland of leaves of the basil plant by devotees is also considered auspicious. A garland of leaves of the basil plant is also used during the worship of Shri Vithal.In the island village of Akhada, where a temple of Vithal is located, Rakhumai was busy with devotional activities. Rajendra Phadte, 46, from Akhada says, \"Our whole family participates in bhajans during the Ekadashi. Our father who is a popular artist has imbibed in us cultural values. We and our children along with our father take part in the bhajans.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14535320", "title": "'OMG! The top three can't play tennis'", "text": "LONDON: Unlike Rafael Nadal the previous night, Roger Federer had a great escape at Wimbledon on Friday. Down two sets to love, the Swiss superstar held out against the inspired Frenchman Julien Benneteau in a third-round clash.Federer then was promptly asked if he felt bad for his Spanish rival. \"This is not against Rafa,\" Federer qualified before explaining, \"15 years ago you had matches like this on faster surfaces. A guy could catch fire and just run through you. Today it is virtually impossible because you have so many more returns. Also these days the conditions are much slower. It is becoming increasingly harder to play like that.\"The 30-year-old said he felt for Nadal. \"of course I feel bad for Rafa. It is a tough loss, it's Wimbledon,\" he said, \"but it's the way things happen. We have all been lucky and unlucky over the years, playing in tough conditions that they even out through the course of your career.\"Then when the six-time champion was politely reminded that in the course of 24 hours, Rafa had exited Wimbledon, Novak Djokovic was down a set in his third round match against Radek Stepanek, while Federer himself was down two-sets-to-love. \"What?\" Federer countered, \"OMG! The top three can't play tennis no more. Right?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14538798", "title": "\u2018Maharashtra cops may not get to quiz Ansari\"", "text": "MUMBAI: Despite the fact that the Maharashtra government submitted crucial inputs on Zabihuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal which helped secure his arrest, there is uncertainty over whether the state ATS or the Mumbai Crime Branch will get his custody from central intelligence agencies.A senior state official said if the National Investigation Agency takes Jundal's custody, then Centre might not hand over his custody to the ATS, led by IPS officer Rakesh Maria, or the Crime Branch, headed by JCP Himanshu Roy. However, the official added that the ATS and Crime Branch might be allowed to interrogate Jundal while he remains in the custody of central agencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14536236", "title": "Food Corporation of India bid to construct more foodgrain godowns in Bihar", "text": "PATNA: Given the Centre's initiative to make the National Food Security Act (NFSA) operational in the country probably next year before the 2014 parliamentary elections, Food Corporation of India (FCI) has seemingly made a move to get constructed adequate number of foodgrain storage godowns in the state with investments from private players.In this regard, FCI organized a meeting of potential investors with other stakeholders, including representatives of the state government, Bihar State Food Corporation, persons concerned with food security and National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development, among others, here on Saturday. Around 50 investors turned up to explore investment opportunities in this segment while FCI officials explained the available scenario and the tendering process, apart from addressing queries from the investors.The godowns would be constructed under the Centre's Private Entrepreneur Guarantee scheme that provides easy bank loan facilities and other benefits, coupled with adequate returns on money invested in the godowns, FCI general manager R K Jain said.Jain said the production of rice, pulse and wheat had shown increasing trend in the state, which implied that if the number of godowns were increased in proportionate order, NFSA's target beneficiaries would get foodgrain in time through public distribution system shops. Even farmers would get adequate returns under minimum support price due to the increased storage facility.Elaborating further on Jain's theme, FCI deputy general manager Amaresh Kumar said barring the successive droughts in Bihar in 2009 and 2010, foodgrain production in the state had shown sustained increase. Accordingly, procurement by FCI also increased, necessitating the construction of more godowns.FCI has currently facility to store 6.25 lakh metric tonnes of foodgrains in the state every year. But the situation unfolding in view of the NFSA has created the need to store 15.6 lakh metric tonnes of foodgrains to be procured from farmers, Kumar said. According to him, even as foodgrain productivity of the state has increased, the foodgrain produced accounted for only 40% of its potential foodgrain productivity, and it is expected to get additional boost as a result of implementation of the state's agriculture road map.That is, even if foodgrain production doubles in the immediate future in the state, it would be only 80% of its potential foodgrain productivity. Thus, there is immense scope for investors in godowns, he said and added the existing godowns had the capacity to store 36 lakh metric tonnes of foodgrains, but 66 lakh metric tonnes of foodgrains would be required to be stored to meet the needs under NFSA.\"FCI gives guarantee to use the godowns constructed in the private sector for 10 years, but the term would be increased,\" Kumar said, adding the godowns constructed by private investors were functioning successfully in Punjab, Haryana and Andhra Pradesh.Punjab FCI DGM M S Bhullar explained the nitty-gritty of the tendering process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14542996", "title": "Land recovery main focus at dalit meet", "text": "MADURAI: A year ago, when Chellammal questioned a non-dalit for executing a lease deed on her paddy land in Narasinganallur village in Tirunelveli after getting a thumb impression from her alcoholic husband, she had to face the wrath of the upper caste members. Attacked by a group, one of her eyeballs came out in the impact. So much was the force that the 50-year-old succumbed to her injuries the next day.Chandra, another dalit, faced stiff opposition from the non-dalits when she conducted the marriage of her son V Ayyanar, an MPhil-holder. They even tore the interview cards being sent to Ayyanar from various companies. The non-dalits, who grabbed the paddy land of Chandra in Vellalakudi in Vazhapadi wanted the only Arundathiyar family to leave the village. So, when the deceased Chellammal's son Lakshmanan and Chandra along with other 27 dalits raised their issues before the People's Tribunal for Legal Redressal, an informal jury comprising activists, professors and writers, what they wall wanted was their paddy lands back. Apparently, the main focus was the grabbing of panchami land by the non-dalits from the dalits. At least 28 cases of land rights violation were heard at the tribunal, conducted by Evidence, an NGO, based in Madurai on Saturday. Among the 300 dalits, taken for study from the villages of Tamil Nadu, almost all were subjected to violations related to land rights.About 3.2 lakh acres of panchami lands were distributed to dalits in 1892, thanks to the initiative by J H A Tremem Heere, then district collector of Chengalpet. A study conducted by Evidence claims there are only 1,26,113 panchami lands in Tamil Nadu now. \"Only 3,000 acres of lands are in the hands of dalits. The remaining were grabbed from the dalits over the time,\" says the study.The jury, however, advised the victims to be more practical in taking their decisions. \"If we ask you to come for a workshop or function, you will first ask whether we get food or travel allowance. You should realise the potential of the panchami lands and the role played by them in our lives. So you have to unite. If you don't, you will not be able to reclaim your lands,\" said P Sivakami, founder-president of Samuga Samathuva Padai.Talking about an episode from her own life, the Tamil writer said it was the decision of her father not to sell his paddy land which helped her get an IAS. \"My father didn't sell the paddy land. He was aware of grabbing. So I could complete my study from income we got from the land,\" she said. At least 300 dalits from various parts of the state participated in the event. Grabbing of panchami land and other lands of dalits is on the rise, according to Prof Palaniduari of Gandhigram University, a jury member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14538717", "title": "Sri Lankan envoy distributes birth certificates to refugees", "text": "CHENNAI: The deputy high commissioner of Sri Lanka in India R K M A Rajakaruna on Saturday gave away 58 birth and citizenship certificates to children of Sri Lankan Tamils living in refugee camps in the state. The envoy thanked the state government for providing the Sri Lankan nationals relief measures.\"The time has come where our people are now wishing to return to Sri Lanka. We now welcome all our citizens back to the motherland,'' Rajakaruna said. The mission has issued 4,033 birth certificates and citizenship certificates since 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14560094", "title": "No other global hotspot has been surveyed as intensively as western ghats, says Madhav Gadgil", "text": "PUNE: Madhav Gadgil, noted ecologist and chairman of western ghat ecology expert panel, has pointed out that no other global hotspot has been surveyed as intensively as western ghats. He said that if one is looking for data on conservation it will be impossible to find better database.Making as statement following allegations made by Pune based environmental consultant for industries C P Vibhute that the western ghat ecology expert panel report as incomplete, erroneous and technically faulty, Gadgil and other members of the panel have prepared a point by point rebuttal of objections raised by Vibhute. Gadgil has said that allegations made against the report are wrong and baseless.The western ghat ecology expert panel was constituted by the ministry of environment and forests to demarcate ecologically sensitive areas in western ghats for its conservation and preservation.Gadgil said Vibhute has not understood the concept of ecologically sensitive zones, which can include human settlements as in case of existing of ecologically sensitive zones like Dahanu taluka or Mahabaleshwar- Panchgani. The concept of ecologically sensitive zones is quite distinct from that of wildlife sanctuaries or national park. Dahanu Taluka has been designated as ecologically sensitive and is being managed so as to promote environmental conservation hand in hand with sustainable development. So all forms of land uses may fall within ecologically sensitive zones, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14555002", "title": "'Damaad Chahi Fokat Main' to hit theatres soon", "text": "Vinay Anand starrer Bhojpuri flick Damaad Chahi Fokat Main is all set for release in Bihar. Balakrishna Singh directed Damaad Chahi Fokat Main slams the deep-rooted social evil of dowry with a message that Life is not all about making money.Produced under the banner of Indus Cine Productions Ltd. the film also stars Rajesh Kumar, Pushpa Verma, Naina Om and Ritu Shastri among others.- Apna NewsSource: bhojpuriyacinema.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14536633", "title": "Padmanabhaswamy Temple: Expert committee to start temple inventory of vault A", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Supreme Court-appointed expert committee to carry out the inventory process at the Sree Padmanabhaswamy Temple met here on Friday to decide on the next course of action.\"So far inventory of vault C has been completed and only four or five objects remain in vault D. The big consensus today was on opening vault A. The Supreme Court will be presented with an interim progress report on August 4, just in time for the next hearing on August 8,\" said M V Nair, chairman of the temple experts' committee.There are a few gem-studded items used in rituals in vaults E and F that are currently being used by the Nambis (chief priests) of the temple. \"These items cannot be handled by the inventorying team and the experts' committee has grown tired of waiting for it to be documented and have decided not to waste any time and move on to vault A,\" said a member of the committee.The RBI is finalizing the design for the strong rooms that will strengthen the vault security.The advanced gemology equipment procured from Germany has also arrived and will be installed at the workstation tomorrow.When asked if the presence of an underground tunnel linking the temple to the sea would change the design of the RBI's vault, Nair said, \"The committee fully supports the scientists from the Centre for Earth Science Studies in their study. But no information regarding the presence of a tunnel has been passed on to us.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14540137", "title": "Plan for road over Najafgarh drain", "text": "NEW DELHI: PWD is planning to construct a 26.9km, six-lane elevated corridor over the Najafgarh drain, connecting Kakrola Mor to Wazirabad over Outer Ring Road. The road, planned to be built like the Barapullah elevated road, will connect Kakrola Mor in west Delhi with Wazirabad in north Delhi via Meera Bagh and cover Delhi University's North Campus.PWD had already conducted a feasibility study of the project from Meera Bagh to Wazirabad (16.1km), when the consultants had carried out the feasibility study for the Barapullah project. Now, the project has been extended to Kakrola Mor, and another feasibility study will be done of that 10.8km stretch, said officials.Aimed at taking the traffic load off the highly congested Outer Ring Road, the elevated road will be a six-lane, divided carriageway, each 11m wide. \"Earlier, the project was planned as a 16.1km elevated road connecting Meera Bagh to Wazirabad. Now, it will be extended by 10.8km from Kakrola Mor to Meera Bagh. We have received green signal from the chief minister to conduct a feasibility study and will then present it to the cabinet,\" PWD minister Raj Kumar Chauhan has said.PWD will now hire consultants for the feasibility study, and the study is expected to take six to eight months, said officials. \"We had once proposed this project in 2007 and even appointed consultants to conduct a feasibility study for it. The study was submitted to UTTIPEC in July 2009 but the proposal was later dropped by the agency. Now, PWD has revived the project and the detailed project plan has been sent to the Delhi government,\" said a PWD official. A copy of the proposal was also sent to traffic police, the irrigation &amp; flood department and DIMTS for their comments in August 2009.\"The proposed corridor will be an important link to west and northeast Delhi as chord of Outer Ring Road and will reduce traffic congestion within the city by offering an alternative transport route connecting the periphery of the city,\" said the official.The corridor is expected to provide links to Ring Roads via radial arterial roads, other important roads and national highways because of its geographical location, said sources. The proposed road will also connect important nodes of the city such as North Campus of Delhi University, east Delhi (through Wazirabad bridge) with west Delhi.During the earlier feasibility study, the feasibility consultants were asked to conduct an additional study to integrate Delhi University traffic with the proposed corridor at DU's request. But as the issue of extra fee for the additional work could not be settled, the consultants were unable to conduct the integration study and the entire project was eventually dropped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14551866", "title": "BSY supporters set July 5 deadline for BJP central leadership", "text": "BANGALORE: Supporters of BS Yeddyurappa in Karnataka have set a deadline of July 5 for the party high command to solve the crisis in the state.The dissidents have said that if the leadership issue is not resolved by then, the central leadership will be responsible for whatever happens in the state.The threat came after the Yeddyurappa camp held a strategy session here on Sunday.According to party sources, some of Yeddyurappa loyalist MPs, ministers and MLAs were huddled together at Shettar's residence to discuss the leadership issue.They said Yeddyurappa loyalist MPs are planning to submit their resignations to the chief minister, to pressure the central leaders ahead of presidential elections on July 19.Some MLAs were also planning to submit resignations, the sources added.Meanwhile, the central party leadership's emissary Dharmendra Pradhan on Sunday asked the nine ministers loyal to BS Yeddyurappa to withdraw their resignations which has thrown the D V Sadananda Ministry into a turmoil.\"I ask all nine ministers to withdraw their resignations to pave the way to resolve the leadership issue,\" Pradhan, in-charge of party affairs in Karnataka, told reporters at the state RSS headquarters before leaving for New Delhi.Pradhan said he would apprise the party central leadership of the consultations he held with the two warring factions of chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda and his predecessor Yeddyurappa who is insisting on a change of guard.He said he was hopeful that the party central leadership would resolve the issue. \"I will discuss with central leaders and hope a good decision will be taken by them,\" he said.At the end of his hectic consultations within the BJP, Pradhan on Sunday met RSS leaders and briefed them about the situation brought about by the resignation of nine ministers to put pressure on BJP central leadership to remove Gowda.With both factions crossing swords, Pradhan was deputed as the central emissary to defuse the crisis.Yeddyurappa, whose earlier attempts to secure chief minister's post failed, has been targeting Gowda, a loyalist-turned foe, seeking his removal and projecting minister Jagadish Shettar as the alternative.The party central leadership had on Saturday summoned chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda to New Delhi to resolve the crisis.The summons came hours after the turmoil in the BJP state unit showed no signs of abating as the B S Yeddyurappa camp stuck to its one-point agenda of ousting Gowda.A day after nine Yeddyurappa loyalist-ministers quit precipitating the crisis, Gowda expressed confidence of resolving it with the intervention of the party's central leadership.State BJP president K S Eshwarappa, who met Gowda, said there was no question of accepting the resignations.(With inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "14543086", "title": "Tuki urges National Hydro Power Corporation to amend policies", "text": "ITANAGAR: Arunachal Pradesh chief minister Nabam Tuki has urged the officials of National Hydro Power Corporation (NHPC) to amend the proposed policies for recruitment, resettlement and rehabilitation (R&R;) and corporate social responsibility (CSR) for its ongoing power projects in the state.Of late, the NHPC has been into troubled waters with resistance emanating from various cross sections of the society against its projects in the state. The ambitious Lower Subansiri and the Dibang Multi-Purpose projects are more or less stalled due to stiff resistance from people.Attending a high level review meeting with NHPC officials in New Delhi on Friday, Tuki took stock of the status of the Subansiri Lower Hydro-electric project, Tawang-I and Tawang II and Dibang multipurpose hydro-electric project, a source said.\"There is a communication gap between power developers and people. People of Arunachal are very simple. If they are made aware of the advantages of the projects, including security of locals, they would never oppose,\" Tuki added, while hinting at the lackadaisical attitude of the executing agencies in taking the people, especially those affected by the projects, into confidence and winning their faith.While construction work on the Subansiri lower project has been stopped, Dibang is facing hiccups at the public hearing stage.The chief minister said he has full faith in NHPC and NEEPCO and expressed hope that they would always work towards safeguarding the greater public concerns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14537148", "title": "Polio-stricken 24-yr-old tops MPSC exam", "text": "MUMBAI: A 24-year- old polio- afflicted youth, Ramesh Gholap, topped the Maharashtra Public Service Commission ( MPSC) examination on Saturdaythe results do not mean anything. The polio-afflicted 24-year-oldA resident of Barshi, Solapur, also managed to Gholap ranked 287th score 287th rank in the Union Public Service Commission (UPSC) and was the highest scorer in the physically-disabled category. Gholap and is confident about getting into one of the central services.\"I have given administrative services as my first priority and IRS as the second, but am confident about getting through the former,\" Gholap said . He pride in saying that he completed his graduation through adistance education programme from Yashwantrao Chavan Maharashtra Open University.\"I had completed my D Ed after my HSC and was teaching,at a primary school but gave up the job to appear for the competitive exams. I believed in self studied y and also underwent interview coaching at took coaching for the interviews at a Mumbai institute. an institute in Mumbai. This was my second attempt at UPSC. I had failed the UPSC exam the first time but was determined to pass this year,\" Gholap said. in the previous UPSC attempt at UPSC and was determined to pass it this year,\" said Gholap.His physical disability was never a hindrance in his determination to get into civil services. His family - mother and an elder brother supported him in his endeavours.The state government announced the results on Saturday evening. Around 2 lakh students had appeared for the preliminary exams. On Saturday, 285 candidates qualified for various services in the state cadre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14551908", "title": "Exercise and dieting cuts heart disease risk in obese older adults", "text": "WASHINGTON: Adding exercise to a weight loss program like dieting has more benefit for obese older adults who want to reduce their chances of developing the metabolic syndrome, scientists say.The results of the study show that a combination of diet-induced weight loss and frequent exercise almost doubles the improvement in insulin sensitivity compared with dieting alone.The metabolic syndrome is a cluster of metabolic problems that raise the risk of Type 2 diabetes and heart disease - abdominal obesity as shown by a large waist circumference, disturbed lipids, high blood pressure and high blood sugar.Although it is known that weight loss can reduce these risk factors, the most appropriate lifestyle treatment for obesity in older adults has been controversial, presenting author Matthew Bouchonville said.\"It was not clear from prior studies in obese elderly adults whether the beneficial effects of diet and exercise are distinct from each other or have additive effects,\" Bouchonville, from the University of Mexico Health Sciences Center and the New Mexico Veterans Affairs (VA) Health Care System in Albuquerque, said.The researchers investigated the independent and combined effects of diet-induced weight loss and regular exercise in a one-year randomized controlled clinical trial, funded by the National Institute on Aging.They randomly assigned 107 obese adults aged 65 and older to one of four groups - weight management using a calorie-restricted diet, exercise without dieting, combined dieting with exercise, and controls.The primary outcome analyzed was the degree of change in the insulin sensitivity index. Insulin sensitivity is the body's ability to successfully clear glucose from the bloodstream and is often impaired in obese people.This index was measured from the oral glucose tolerance test, a blood test for diabetes after the patient drinks a sugary drink.Ninety-three participants completed the study. In the intention-to-treat analysis of all 107 subjects, the insulin sensitivity index did not improve in the exercise-alone group or the controls.This index did improve on average by 40 percent in the diet group and by 70 percent in the combined diet-exercise group after controlling for relevant covariates, Bouchonville reported.\"This suggests a distinct complementary effect of exercise on diet-induced weight loss,\" he said.Weight loss by diet alone also led to improvements in blood pressure and C-reactive protein. Without weight loss, exercise did not result in improvement in these risk factors, Bouchonville said.Other measures that did not improve in the exercise-only group or the controls but did improve in the other two groups included glucose and insulin response to the oral glucose tolerance test, waist circumference, deep belly fat, triglycerides and adiponectin.Adiponectin is a protein produced in fat cells that improves insulin sensitivity.The findings of the study will be presented on Saturday at The Endocrine Society's 94th Annual Meeting in Houston.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14539539", "title": "Migrant labourers: Making sense of a city in transition", "text": "BANGALORE: What sense do migrants make of the city in transition? What are their pre-occupations and spatial connections to their homes, cities, desires, fears and memories?Confronted by these queries, Bangalore-based filmmaker Ekta Mittal, decided to tell the tale of migrant labourers along with Yashaswini BR. So the two young filmmakers sought answers to migrant questions in Bangalore's evolving cityscape through their film Presence, which has been screened at La Trienale and Tate Modern Art Gallery in Paris and London . \"Presence,\" says Yashaswini, \"probes into what makes sense in the present tense of the city. In doing so, we did not want to get caught in the binary views of old green Bangalore or the new hi-tech city. So we decided to talk to workers who were directly connected to transforming the city.\"Born out of their probing, is Tin Sheets, an artistic response through films, to the world that Yashanwini and Ekta live in. Between the pathos and the struggle for livelihood, their first film, In Transience, and now Presence, strive to delve into the subconscious of city and the worker.\"In our first film In Transience, the connections you make with the worker as a story teller and philosopher is automatic. Our second filmPresence looks at haunting as a sociological phenomenon. For instance, what happens when you stand opposite to what used to be Plaza Theater? Can you still hear the projector? Do images of films come back to you? What happens when you hear the rhythm of labour the entire day at the site of construction? Can you still sense the presence of work? What happens when the ghosts that the worker narrates to us in the film gets left behind in the city? Will they start haunting us? Will you feel their invisible presence?The film is an encounter with the unknown and the invisibility of the worker comes about through his narration of ghost stories,\" unravels Yashaswini.In essence , Presence deals with survival. \"And, beyond survival to the emotions the workers experience, of love, fear and desire,\" says Ekta.Presence At Cobalt, (opp Empire, Church Street) July 1, 7pm to 9pm", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14541548", "title": "Sarabjit, Memon Kavi and barriers to mobility", "text": "It doesn't matter which side of the fence you are on the Surjit-Sarabjit saga that unfurled over the last few days. We all know that there are many more Surjits and Sikanders languishing in jails on either side of the border about whom we don't utter so much as a bleat.When fishermen stray across watery borders, get picked up and jailed for 'spying' we see a growing statistic in one corner of the newspaper , which we read and respond with a tut-tut .Pakistani director, Mehreen Jabbar's Ramchand Pakistani tried to bring this story of injustice into our living rooms, though perhaps that film was too soft in its exposition to drive the stake deep enough into our cold, cold hearts.Things have been aflame in Pakistan with changes at high-governmental levels, and the entrance into vacant chairs of suitably blemished goods. Much as the media hyped up the Sarabjit Singh affair, Rental Raja (as our current PM is known for his supportive role in the power rental scams under his guardianship) was welcomed to the hot seat with unending TV coverage.We await the Graham Norton style ejection of the new leader much like 'That's All We've Got Time For' , a closing segment on the popular British television talk show when Norton ejects poor storytellers for boring their audiences.With all this drama over peregrinations I thought we might look back in time for inspiration for things positive . Once upon a time, explorers like Ibn Battuta staked all to discover lands but also new ideas, techniques and processes that would enhance trade, culture and human experience.Many of us in the subcontinent trace our roots to more than one location - our histories a product of that continued trade and cultural journey.One of the beneficiaries of this then-reality is a gentleman known by his penname , Memon Kavi. His mother tongue is Urdu but Memon Kavi, as Abdul Ghaffar Abdul Razak is better known, serves up richer fare in Tamil than in in Memoni. His forefathers travelled from Sindh to Gujarat and landed up in Sri Lanka where a curious father enrolled him in a Tamil-medium school. He fell in love with the language.His exploration of the language expressed in poetry launched a new movement in Tamil literature. In 1976 a Madras publisher brought his poetry collection - Yuga Raagangal - (Ragas of the Age) to the Tamil-poetry-reading lot.Luckily for Ghaffar his parents and grandparents were born at a time when movement across British India was oddly easier than it is today. His family, like mine, and likely yours, explored the region's riches to find areas that best suited their work. They sailed in ships or boarded trains or moved gradually from place to place until their ideas, businesses and vocations took root.We call the 21st century a 'global village' - certainly the gentleman who married an heiress and penned the concept of a flat world - has extensively marketed the concept. Here in South Asia , though, we have more barriers to regional mobility than all our history can document . It makes the post World-War II nation-building experiment seem rather lame. And if we keep up in this manner, our generation and those after us won't produce any more Memon Kavis . That, you must agree, would be a pity.The author is a Delhi based Pakistani journalist", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14543189", "title": "National Disaster Response Force rescues 11427 since June 24", "text": "GUWAHATI: The National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) rescued 11,427 villagers from various flood-hit areas of the state since its deployment on June 24.The commandant of the first battalion of the NDRF, Alok Kumar Singh on Saturday said 16 teams, including 40 deep divers along with inflatable boats with OBM engines, deep diving sets, huge quantity of life jackets and life buoys and heli-slithering equipments have been pressed into action at one go for the first time in the history of NDRF.Singh said the first battalion NDRF teams along with their teams from Kolkata were continuing rescue operations in the districts of Tinsukia, Dhemaji, North Lakhimpur, Sivasagar, Kamrup (rural), Kamrup (metro), Nagaon and Jorhat districts of Assam. \"All the 16 teams of NDRF are proactively working 24 hours with devotion and dedication to save lives and property,\" he added.\"It was most difficult to carry out rescue operations in Sonitpur district for the NDRF, but the situation is under control now. The water level is receding in Sonitpur since Saturday. Heavy rainfall in Arunachal Pradesh aggravated the flood situation, affecting especially the Laika island,\" Singh added.He said the situation in Majuli is also under control now. \"There is no serious threat to the sattras of Majuli. The situation is absolutely normal there. People of Majuli are safe and we are helping doctors reach out to the people,\" Singh said.He said the NDRF teams have distributed five tons of relief materials, which include rice, pulses, salt, biscuits and tea.The water level of the Brahmaputra in Dibrugarah, Tinsukia and Jorhat, Dikhow River in Sivasagar, Dhansiri in Golaghat, Jia-bharali in Sonitpur and Beki in Barpeta are above the danger level, he added. In lower Assam , Puthimari River flooded the Baksa district and Rangia in Kamrup (rural) district, but the NDRF say the situation is under control.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14542885", "title": "Centre to encourage more investment in R&D;", "text": "PUNE: The Union government has decided to encourage more investment for research and development in sectors like nanotechnology, new materials, energy and climate change.This was stated by Parveen Arora, director of National Science Technology Management Information System of the department of science and technology, during his interaction with industrt representatives here on Friday. He said at present the spending on R&D; activities in these sectors was very nominal compared to economically advanced countries. Arora held a meeting about his project titled 'Key output indicators for performance evaluation of scientific R&D; activities in India.'During the meeting, entrepreneurs and business leaders in the city pressed for sops and simpler legislation for research and development activities in the country.While summing up, Arora said, \"Sectors like pharma, biotechnology and automobile are already receiving huge investment for R&D; activities. In many cases, R&D; works take place at various centres in coordination. The Union government and its various enterprises and research organisations jointly spend one per cent of the GDP on R&D; activity, which is lower than investment made by the US, Japan or China.\"In a recently-held meeting in New Delhi, the prime minister himself emphasised on increasing the expenditure on R&D; activities by government companies and institutions to 2% of the GDP. This mandate is also included in the 12th Five Year Plan, started from this year, he said.\"The private companies also need to increase their share of investment on R&D; activities, as it gives boost to new technology, product, services, solutions and enhances performance of various establishments. Out of total expenditure on R&D; activities from government and private sectors, the share of private sector is close to 26%. Remaining expenditure comes from the Union and state governments only, which many a times is not very productive. In advanced economies such as Japan, share of corporate houses in overall expenditure on R&D; activities is 88%, while remaining comes from the government. We need to increase the share of corporate houses in R&D; spending in our country too,\" he said.Meanwhile representatives of various companies pressed for more sops for boosting the R&D; activities in the country. Pune district is also known for a strong presence of small and medium scale enterprises, which cannot invest in R&D; activities like big corporate houses. These companies also demanded setting up common R&D; centre where government will provide various equipment and testing materials. The small and medium scale companies can access the infrastructure for their R&D; activities.The industry leaders also suggested linking R&D; activity with tax incentives, as it will prompt many companies to set up their R&D; centres in India or expand their R&D; activities in India. It will offer jobs and opportunities to the talent in the country itself, said the industry representatives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14541929", "title": "10-year-old found at Kalupur", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 10-year-old boy from Thaltej who had left his home to reunite with his mother in Madhya Pradesh was found at Kalupur police station by a team of Government Railway Police (GRP). Police later handed over the boy to his grandfather.According to GRP, a team was on patrol at the station on Friday morning when it found the boy who was not accompanied by any adult. When questioned, the boy spoke in Hindu and said that he was Bablu Bawani, a native of Dewas in Madhya Pradesh.\"He kept on changing his version. We provided him with snacks and lunch and had a long chat with him. We found a ticket to Dewas from him but there was no train going there on Friday. He did not reveal any details of his p a r - ents, but in the evening, he told us in Gujarati that his maternal grandfather is a security guard and lives in Thaltej,\" said P P Pirojiya, inspector of GRP at Kalupur.Police traced Narayansingh Rajput, the grandfather , who told cops that Bablu's father, a resident of Palanpur, was a drunkard and had abandoned him and his mother four years back. His mother then shifted to Dewas, her native place. Bablu had come to live with Rajput for a month and he had been asked by his father to leave. Bablu had then started off for home.\"It is not always that the children leave the home on their own or get abducted. We have asked Rajput not to abandon the child a n d c o n t a c t h i s mother for his custody ,\" said H R Muliyana, superintendent of police (railways).Search for kids yields beef:GRP conducted a thorough security search operation on Saturday morning to find any missing children in and around the railway station area. Senior officials took part in the search during which 400kg beef was found being transported in a container", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14549839", "title": "George Clooney going abroad to fundraise for Obama", "text": "George Clooney, who hosted a high-profile fundraiser for President Obama at his home in May, is heading to Switzerland this summer for another campaign event.According to an invitation on the campaign's website, Clooney will attend a fundraiser for the president's re-election in Geneva on August 27, the Politico reported.Charles Adams, co-president of Americans Abroad for Obama, told the Tribune de Geneve newspaper that Clooney will speak at a reception for about 150 supporters.He'll then attend a smaller, high-dollar dinner costing 20,000 dollars for individuals and 30,000 dollars per couple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14539057", "title": "Show is going to be one big party with everyone dancing: Raghu Dixit", "text": "CHENNAI: It was while working as a scientist in Belgium that he discovered how good it was to sing and make music. \"Since then there has been no looking back. I have met some amazing musicians and realised it's a joy making music for living,\" says Raghu Dixit, who is all set to perform today at Buck Theatre at 7pm for the grand finale of the Times Chennai Festival.It was a bet during his college days which made Dixit learn the guitar. Coming from a traditional south Indian family, learning western music was a difficult task. But he moved from Mysore to Bangalore and picked up writing, singing and composing by strumming the guitar and listening to songs. Ask him what he enjoys the most and he says, \"Everything has its own charm. There is nothing I like more than singing on stage but put me in a studio and I shall get immersed in the music.\"His band, The Raghu Dixit Project, cut their debut album Antaragni (The Fire Within) in 2008. Their music is a mix of folk, blues, Sufi, rock, funk, reggae, Bhangra and Latin. So, how different is their band from others? \"I don't think it's fair to compare. We make music that we like and we are thrilled that people like it as much as we do,\" says Dixit.Everything about Dixit has an eccentric touch, be it his music or style. Dixit, who won a gold medal in MSc (microbiology) and a vidwat in Bharatanatyam, sports a sarong and shirt while performing.Dixit debuted as a film music a composer with the Kannada movie 'Psycho'. He has also sung and composed for Hindi movie 'Quick Gun Murugan' and composed for 'Mujhse Fraandship Karoge'. \"I like all kinds of music and am comfortable doing films and jingles or composing songs. It requires different mindsets but are equally creative,\" he says.Though he has not performed often in Chennai, Dixit is looking forward to the show. \"I think we will have an amazing audience,\" he says. \"The show is going to be one big party with everyone dancing with us.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14536510", "title": "'Take action against families who employ minors'", "text": "MARGAO: In view of the recent cases of injuries caused to minor girls at Maina, the complainant, Bailancho Ekvott, has demanded that the police department should be more serious in nabbing the agents who trafficked minor children to Goa and then initiate proactive action in dealing with the families employing minor children.The two rescued minor girls, aged 12 and 13, have been sent to Apna Ghar. The case, where the Maina-Curtorim police registered offenses against the accused under various sections of the IPC and Goa Children's Act, has been scheduled for hearing at the children's vourt in Panaji on Monday.The Maina-Curtorim police have booked an offence against three persons, including a couple, on charges of subjecting two minor girls to harassment, torture and verbal abuse after employing them as domestic help.Police sources informed TOI that the two girls, were employed by Luis Fernandes and his wife, Veronica , residents of Gonsai-Maina, to work as their housemaids.The minor girls were allegedly brought from Orissa by Saibo Bhisoi, a native of Orissa, and provided to the couple.\"Trafficking of children for monetary gains thrives on the demand for child domestic services in the state and speaks of the disrespect shown by such citizens to the Goa Children's Act, 2003,\" said Auda Viegas, president of Bailancho Ekvott.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14538324", "title": "Impure water pouches being sold openly in Kanpur", "text": "KANPUR: Even after several complaints to the district administration, contaminated drinking water packed in poly-bags is being sold openly in city markets. Worse is that majority of water selling vendors are selling this contaminated water outside city schools and hospitals, and food and drug departments are doing nothing to curb this illegal trade.Bizarre it may sound but many of the water pouches are being sold beholding the names of various brands but do not have manufacturing dates and batch number on them. Majority of the openly sold water pouches, claiming on its cover to be 'best before 30 days from the date of packing', are being stocked from local hand-pumps or road side taps.Its important to mention here that TOI brought this matter of contaminated water being sold openly in city streets to the knowledge of district administration who claimed to check this malpractice soon. But if the local vendors and citizens are to be believed, no initiative has been taken by any administrative of Food and Drug department authority to stop this illegal conduct.\"The FDA people come once in a blue moon and ask us to close the shop. They never asked for our license nor ever checked the purity of the water in the water trolleys. The inspector do not even care to bring the relevant instruments with them. We shift for a day or two and again start selling water at same place,\" said Ramesh a water vendor at Badachauraha.Munna, another water seller in Parade market said that he had never come across any FDA or administrative official in the past seven months, as he is selling water on street from past seven months.He also candidly admits that he and his fellow vendors fill these poly-packed water pouches from local tap water and with hand pumps. He said they have no choice as other water sources are far away. Even they buy ice from the local ice vendor of the area without checking the purity of it. These local ice vendors keep the ice bars on shabby sacks to store them for long. While, many of them use the same ice blocks, which are used to preserve and package leather, meat and fish as they cost them at lower prices.Also, many of these street vendors stand nearby open drains and dustbins kept by Kanpur Nagar Nigam, so that they can throw the waste easily. Its shocking that even the educated people throng such shops without even thinking of their health. \"I came across several pouches, which were muddy and stinking from a vendor outside AHM-Dufferin hospital. These vendors were selling the water at cost of one rupee, which is cheap and affordable for poor people coming to this hospital,\" said Namita Verma, a social worker.Talking to TOI, Dr AK Nigam, Chief Medical Superintendent of UHM hospital said, \"Every year, there's a spurt in cases of water-borne diseases in summers. We know the reason is poor quality of water. And the surge in water-borne diseases that we witness at our OPDs is testimony to this.\"He added that the cases of water borne diseases like cholera, jaundice and typhoid, which generally happen due to contaminated water have made a tremendous toll in the OPD at UHM. The list of patients has crossed the number of thousand who visited the OPD in past two weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "14556353", "title": "Rain water flooding Pernem, Bardez roads", "text": "MAPUSA: Incessant rain is throwing life out of gear and brings traffic to a virtual standstill in Pernem and Bardez talukas. The rainwater flowing onto the road is larger problem for residents and commuters. Many internal roads and also the main roads in Pernem and Bardez are inundated with water. Various parts of these talukas like Assagao, Anjuna, Guirim, Parra, Morjim, Palye, Mandrem are facing the problem of rain water overflowing on the roads. The pedestrians are complaining of splashing of the dirty water on roads on them when the vehicles passed.\" It is difficult to move along the road side , the mud water is thrown on us by the speeding vehicles,\" said Rajesh Naik from Agarwada where water overflowing on road is always the problem.\" It is because of the non clearing of gutters and the poor engineering while construction roads,\" said Pradip Parab from Mandrem.The same is the problem with the town areas of both the talukas.Past week incessant rainfall has left the Mapusa market flooded. Most of the stalls of the vendors are left inundated and fruit vendors had a hard time trying to keep their goods above the water level. The rain has touched to 50 inches in the first month of rain. With another three months of rainy season are left locals fears the worst.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14543480", "title": "Decade's lowest rainfall for June in Pune", "text": "PUNE: The ongoing monsoon season has turned out to be the worst ever in the last decade for Pune in terms of rainfall for the month of June.The city recorded only 34.5 mm rain, which is 103.2 mm less than the normal of 137.7 mm for the month. This has never happened since the year 2002.In fact, the city has recorded an average 204.69 mm rain in June for the period between 2002 and 2011. Only twice, it has happened so that the monthly rainfall went down below the 137.7 mm normal mark.The rainfall recorded in June 2008 was 128 mm and in June 2009, it was 117.5 mm. The deficiency in these two years was still negligible compared to the shortfall this year.\"The rainfall for June in the city has been the lowest for the last one decade,\" confirmed Medha Khole, deputy director general for weather forecasting at the India Meteorological Department (IMD) here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14540728", "title": "M Veerappa Moily to release book on industry titan", "text": "COIMBATORE: A coffee table book on industrialist Nachimuthu Mahalingam, seen as the pride of Kongu Nadu, exemplifies the Gandhian values that he brought to his various businesses and the onus that he placed on ethics and values in conducting trade. The book, which is dedicated to Mahalingam in celebration of his turning 90, will be launched at a gala function at Hotel Le Meridien in the city on Monday. Union minister for corporate affairs M Veerappa Moily will be the chief guest at the function.Some of the values he stood for were success in business can be achieved only through ethical means even as equal importance is given to value-based functioning; assume leadership by ensuring delegation of work; wealth created by the enterprise is for all the direct and indirect stakeholders and the personal progress of employees and proteges is as important as one's business exploits.A sample of the above ideals reveals the kind of man Mahalingam was. In the foreword to the book, M Krishnan, president, Indian Chamber of Commerce and Industry says that Mahalingam was a man of principles. He was the kind of man who when asked to write a school essay on a car wrote that he wanted to manufacture a car.The business empire of the Sakthi Group has grown over the years, Dr Mahalingam has made sure that the key decisions are based on consensus. Without being mowed down by a sense of insecurity, he has encouraged people in his team to come out with the best solutions and has always sought the expert opinion of his advisors.He has been of the firm belief that effective board meetings and annual general meetings keep everyone involved in the business process on toes. Since closely held companies tend to get insouciant in their dealings, he made sure that external directors were on board and always made it a point to personally attend all board meetings.Laxity in attending meetings was not allowed as he felt that it was the right place to brainstorm on ideas, iron out differences and strategise on key issues. The annual general meetings of Sakthi Sugars Limited would often stretch for more than six to seven hours, he gave every shareholder an opportunity to express his opinions and patiently answered every question raised during the course of the discussions. Since delegation was his way of working, the role of advisors assumed even more importance in his scheme of things.Over the years, the Sakthi Group has grown rapidly to expand into a $1.2 billion industrial conglomerate and one of the fastest growing business groups in the south. The success story of this company has been handwritten by Dr Nachimuthu Mahalingam, who as chairman of the group, has been its guiding light for over the last five decades. Gandhian and thinker, Dr Mahalingam has made an example of how a business can be operated in an ethical manner where profit is not the only motivation, reads the foreword.\"A staunch follower of the Bhagavad Gita ideal 'Karmanye Vaadhika-raste, Maa Phaleshu Kadachana' (your right is to work, but never to its fruits) Dr Mahalingam firmly believes that the fruits of your labour should be shared with society and you should work tirelessly towards the welfare of others without expecting anything in return,\" says Ninan Tharian, VP and response head, the Times Group, in the foreword to the book.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14536627", "title": "Ruby Channel to resume service soon", "text": "HYDERABAD: In an attempt to calm the furor caused over alleged portrayal of sensitive content, Ruby Channel management said at a press conference on Saturday that it was a misunderstanding and the channel, which shut down voluntarily after the incident, will resume broadcasting soon.On the night of June 25, an irate crowd gathered outside the channel's office in Mir Alam Mandi and pelted stones as the channel allegedly portrayed 'Prophet Yusuf', in contravention of Islamic belief where no character living or dead can be portrayed.Following the incident, the police took one of the staffers into custody and booked cases against the channel. \"The incident was caused by a misunderstanding. We apologize to our viewers if their religious sentiments have been hurt,\" said Shaik Omar, input editor of the channel.\"We closed down the channel voluntarily after the incident. But now we will soon resume functioning,\" channel authorities said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14537356", "title": "Priyadarshini planetarium to get major facelift soon", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Visitors can hope for better stargazing soon, as the Priyadarshini Planetarium in the city is on for a major facelift through its modernisation drive. Plans are afoot to construct a permanent astrodome to place its 14-inch reflective telescope currently placed in a make shift mobile hut for night sky observation.\"The permanent astrodome will be a huge hemispherical dome with six meter height and six meter diameter having an upper hemisphere to rotate on a spherical dome. The telescope installed could be rotated to trace the stellar space for enhanced celestial observation,\" Kerala State Science and Technology Museum (KSTM) director Arul Gerald Prakash told TOI on Saturday.Tenders will be invited for the indigenous construction of the dome and for modernisation of the galleries at KSTM.Though the hemispherical dome will cost Rs15 lakh, if indigenously manufactured it will incur only Rs 6 lakh. Once the construction work starts, it would be completed in about two months, he said.As part of modernization, the existing galleries on electronics, popular science, mathematics, mechanical, automobile, bio-medical engineering, computers, solar energy, and space will have more surprises and interactive science quizzes on touch screen kiosks.It is also planned to set up a model of Idukki dam at the science park, so that visitors and students can feel an arch dam and study different aspects of a dam. The Butterfly Park and Cacti Park will be developed further, the officials said.It would incur an expenditure of Rs 9 crore to take up the works as part of modernisation, said officials at KSTM housing the Planetarium. \"The funds have been earmarked but KSTM is yet to receive that to begin the modernisation works,\" the officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14541734", "title": "Street plays spread awareness about Sakaal", "text": "Mysore: Street plays have come handy for the official machinery for spreading awareness on Sakaal. Touring the district to spread a word about the ambitious project of the state government, one such play was staged at Vaartha Bhavan on Saturday.With the help of such street plays, the government is striving to make this scheme reach to a wider audience. By its efforts, the citizens will know about their right to receive timely service from government departments. The actors demonstrated how the system worked earlier and how it is changing for better.Sakaal is a government initiative, covering many public services, focusing on timely delivery of service to public. In case of delay, the officer concerned will be fined. Meanwhile, assistant director of Kannada and culture department K N Annegowda said the department is hosting Kannada workshops at government offices to promote use of Kannada as an administrative language.The Bhasha Kammata is a short-term programme that aims to train officials in Kananda, he said, unveiling the department's plan for 2012-13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14540135", "title": "Move to free Tatkal of touts", "text": "BANGALORE: Now you can book a rail ticket under the Tatkal scheme from 10am instead of 8 am onwards at the railway counters. After TOI's campaign on the tout menace for Tatkal reservation scheme, the railway ministry, late on Friday announced some measures to free the system of touts and agents.As per the directions issued to all the divisions of the Indian Railways, including the South Western Railway (SWR), the ordinary ticket sales will begin only from 8am and Tatkal tickets will be sold from 10am. At present, reservation under Tatkal system is available for 2,677 trains, 10% of berths for each train under the scheme.The ordinary ticket reservation, which now begins 120 days before the day of travel, will be on from 8am at all counters. The ministry said that this will reduce the rush at the counters. And to keep off touts from the reservation offices, the system will allow people who would have filled up forms to show their government ID proof like the voter card.Henceforth, booking clerks would not be allowed to carry mobile phones. There will be stricter vigilance at the railway counter , including surveillance through CCTV.To begin with, senior railway officials from each division will patrol the counters to see if the new measures are implemented. There are about 27 railway reservation counters across the city. Bangalore division of SWR receives nearly 10,000 reservation applications per day, including general and Tatkal.Not of much helpWhat the passengers at the railway stations said\"Can anybody assure me that I can access the internet at home and book my rail tickets through the official website of Indian Railways at 10am and no touts will get a chance to book bulk tickets? Can they assure me that booking counter officials will not fill in names of their known customers and book those tickets, before the booking opens at 10am?\"--Renu DubeyEven if the timings are pushed from 8m to 10am, the problem still remains. People will still not get their Tatkal tickets minutes after the bookings open at the counters.\"-- Pankaj BhardwajThe touts may be kept off, but the time frame for getting a reservation under Tatkal scheme is very less. For working people, to get tickets reserved physically, it will be tough. At least agents would have got us tickets without us facing hurdles.\"--- Riyaz AhmedI am happy that the changes have been finally come in. But this requires everyone to go and wait at the counters to book the tickets, which is no less of a hassle.\"-- Umesh KumarConfusion prevailsBangalore: On Saturday, confusion prevailed at the City and Cantonment railway stations. \"There is lot of ambiguity in the directions issued for their own system. The site gets too many hits at the early hours when the booking opens between 8am and 10am. How will they monitor the touts getting their bookings done on internet sitting in their offices? I worry whether their experiments are going to have any impact,\" Srinivas Rao P, resident of Electronic City, told TOI.Passengers said the website crashes if ordinary citizens try to book tickets. \"The website is too slow. By the time I could book a ticket and click to the payment gateway, all booking would be over and I would reach the waiting list of the reservation charts. Only the railway counters will have a continuous connection to the website, which means that ultimately we all will run for the race at the reservation counters,\" said Srinivas.However, passengers whom TOI met at the City and Cantonment railway stations on Saturday were happy that touts will not be allowed inside the reservation counters and that railway officials will allow passengers to enter the office with their ID proof.\"It is not about only Tatkal tickets, they (the ministry) will also have to increase the number of seats reserved under Tatkal quota. The quota has many quotas for railway officials and RPF, leaving only a few for ordinary citizens. Then what is the use of bringing in reforms,\" asked Yeshi Khango from Himachal Pradesh , who was visiting Bangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14540846", "title": "Government vehicle of DCP reportedly hit youth' probe initiated", "text": "JAIPUR: A 22-year-old BTech student was run over reportedly by a government vehicle belonging to deputy commissioner of police (east) Satveer Singh. Police have initiated investigations into the matter. The matter which was initially kept under wraps for almost a week by the city police came to the light when the student Vikram Singh succumbed to injuries at the Sawai Man Singh (SMS) hospital late on Friday night.Senior officials of the Jaipur police commissionerate have been trying hard to cover up the matter despite the fact that an FIR relating to the matter was lodged at accident (east) police station on June 22 when Vikram Singh was hit by a rashly driven government vehicle.Singh along with a friend was driving in the Malviya Nagar locality on June 22 when he was hit by a government vehicle. Two of his friends chased the vehicle and jotted down its registration number as RJ 14 CC 1509. The driver of the vehicle, in which the DCP (east) was also sitting, did not stop and instead fled, an officer with accident (east) police station quoted the FIR.\"The victim sustained grave injuries and was undergoing treatment at SMS hospital. His friends had claimed that the vehicle belonged to DCP (east), we are investigating the matter,\" said an officer with accident (East) police station.Coincidently, a day after the case was registered at the accident (east) police station the investigating officer Veer Singh was nabbed by the Anti-Corruption Bureau in an alleged bribery case.When contacted, DCP (East), Satveer Singh, said, \"I am not aware of any such accident. If the relatives of the victim are claiming such thing I am ready to cooperate with the investigation.\" He said that he was not aware that any such accident took place when he was in the vehicle.The post-mortem of the deceased was conducted late on Friday night itself. \"The body was handed over to the family on Friday. They have gone to their native village in Pilani,\" said an officer when asked to give the numbers of victim's family.Deputy commissioner of police (traffic), Lata Manoj Kumar neither accepted nor denied that the vehicle belonged to the DCP (east). She said, \"I came to know about the incident on Saturday. We have seized the vehicle after the post mortem. An investigation is on.\"Some police officers after the vehicle's seizure also claimed that the vehicle did not have any signs of denting or painting which are usually seen after any accident. \"A case under section 304A was lodged against the yet to be identified driver,\" police added.Commissioner of police, BL Soni, when contacted, said,\" I am in Mumbai but have asked the authorities to probe the matter seriously.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14538165", "title": "Despite series of paper leak &amp; goof-ups, VC yet to appoint pro-VC", "text": "NAGPUR: Even after sensational BCCA paper leak and series of goof-ups, first exposed by TOI,Nagpur University administration has failed to take lessons. In one and half years of his tenure, vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal has not even thought of appointing a pro-VC who generally looks after examination work in the university. Chancellor K Sankaranarayanan's office in Mumbai has confirmed this development. \"No such proposal has been received from NU office till date,\" chancellor's secretary Vikas Rastogi told TOI adding that whenever they will receive it, they will consider it.NU PRO Prashant Mohite couldn't be contacted but he had earlier told TOI that efforts were underway to fill up this post.Interestingly, NU is not alone of not having pro-VC. As many as nine other traditional universities, including Pune and Amravati, haven't appointed them till date. As per the Maharashtra Universities Act, 1994, any university having over 150 colleges should have a pro-VC who will look after exam and Research Recognition Committee (For awarding PhD degrees) works. NU with over 800 colleges, highest in the state, has not got a pro-VC since Gaurishankar Parasher demitted the post on July 14, 2010 along with then VC SN Pathan.Recently, after a series of papers leak episodes rocked the Mumbai University, the chancellor's office directed state minster for higher and technical education Rajesh Tope and its VC Rajan Welukar to fill up all vacant posts. Accordingly, Naresh Chandra was appointed as pro-VC and also filled up the posts of registrar and CoE.But in NU no concrete steps have been initiated despite the paper leak case bringing disrepute. Even SNDT University, Mumbai and Swami Ramanand Teerth University, Nanded have appointed the pro-VCs while Dr Shekhar Rajderkar recently joined Maharashtra University of Health Sciences (MUHS) as pro-VC.Senior Senate member and Nagpur University Teachers' Association (NUTA) secretary Anil Dhage slammed the administration stating that their stand of not appointing pro-VC raises suspicion. \"NU is already reeling under several vacancies of statutory posts like registrar and CoE. When pro-VC's appointment is in administration's hand, they should immediately go for it. His appointment would share a huge burden of 800 colleges on the university's head.\"Terming the VC's argument that pro-VC's appointment will create two power centres as \"absurd\", he said the possibilities of incidents like paper leak would have been minimized if he was there. \"VC should take initiative to appoint his deputy so that he could concentrate on academic and research works,\" he said.What the MU Act, 1994 Act saysThe Chancellor may, in consultation with the vice-chancellor, appoint a pro-VC for the university which has more than 150 affiliated colleges and recognized institutions. The pro-VC shall be appointed as per the provisions of Section 13, and wherever appointed, s/he shall be responsible for the duties allotted to him specifically by the VC with the approval of the Management Council. He shall preside over the meeting of the authorities of the university in the absence of the VC. The term of pro-VC shall be co-terminus with the term of office of the VC or till he attains the age of 60 years whichever is earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14537768", "title": "Bollywood roots for Sarabjit's release", "text": "MUMBAI: Actor Salman Khan who has been tweeting and requesting Pakistan to release Sarabjit Singh has taken one step further in the direction. On Saturday morning, he launched an online petition for Sarabjit's freedom.\"For over 20 years, Sarabjit Singh is in a Pakistan prison for a crime he did not commit. He and his family have suffered for too long. Please sign this petition to appeal to the Pakistan government that he be freed and united with his family in Punjab,\" Salman posted on a social network site. The actor, who is popular in both the countries, has been seeking support from both sides of the border and sent \"Request to the Awam of Pakistan, members of the press, govt of Pakistan...\"The actor has been tweeting, seeking support from people across the world. After he first saw the pictures of Sarabjit's family, he had tweeted: \"Wanted to tweet this for the longest time, saw a pic of Sarabjeets sister, it Killed me. Felt real sad for her. Help me help her (sic).\"Reacting to Salman's campaign, Sarabjit's sister Dalbir Kaur told reporters: \"It is a matter of great for us that he has made an appeal for Sarabjit. He has made his appeal with so much pain that I hope Zardariji's heart and the heart of the Pakistani media and the people there melt.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14537865", "title": "Essential services helpline gets only 6 complaints in 2 months", "text": "NASHIK: A helpline launched by the Food and Civil Supplies department two months ago on May 1, to improve the public distribution system (PDS) of basic items such as foodgrain, oil and LPG cylinders, has failed to evoke a satisfactory response; only six complaints having been received so far. However, officials pointed out that since the telephone-based system has no scope to register anonymous complaints, it discourages citizens from calling.\"Under this grievance redressal system, consumers calling the number 1800-22-4950, need to register their ration card number before filing their complaint. The complaints are marked to the respective officer, down to the level of tehsildar, \" an official from the district supply office (DSO) said.Speaking on action taken over ration card related complaints, officials said that the DSO had issued a notice to a fair price ration shop after it received a complaint that the shop did not operate according to its scheduled timings.\"An enquiry with other card holders revealed that the shop had not been errant in it ways, but a notice was issued to the establishment anyway,\" officials said.In other complaints such as consumers not receiving LPG cylinders, the issues actually amounted to deficiency in document compliance by the complainants themselves, or the complainants' ration cards had been cancelled by the gram panchayat.A senior official however said that there was no doubt that the new system discouraged complainants from sending vital information to the department anonymously as well.\"One may recall that the office had acted on anonymous complaints that were made manually, by citizens coming into the office. The department was able to carry out action against two PDS shops in 2011 in Baglan and Nashik city, which led to a seizure of goods. However, within the current system no information is allowed to trickle down,\" the official said. He, however, pointed out that even today citizens could still manually register anonymous complaints with the office.District officials said that the helpine launched by the Food and Civil Supplies Department does not allow anonymous complaints which deters citizens from reporting irregularities in foodgrain, oil or LPG cylinder supplies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14538357", "title": "View from the outside", "text": "California-based Shoumyo Dasgupta, who is one of the six editors of 'Ogrobeej', shares the big story about their little magazine.Q: Who are the members and what are their professions?A: Six of us started the international Bengali little magazine Ogrobeej in 2005. There's Subrata Augustine Gomes, a poet from Dhaka who works as an IT professional in Sydney , Saad Kamali, prose writer from Dhaka who works as a security professional in Toronto , Subimal Chakraborty, essayist from Dhaka and now professor in Arlington (Texas), Chowdhury Salahuddin Mahmud, essayist from Chittagong who is an engineer with Nokia in Grand Prairie (Texas), and Taposh Gayen, a Dhaka poet and a physicist in New York . I am a poet from Kolkata and work as a senior executive with Ernst &amp; Young and live in Irvine, California . All of us were involved in writing before we left our countries and have an interesting outsiders' perspective on Bengali literature. This perspective is different from that of little magazine editors who live outside Bengal but in other parts of India. Although we have met each other in groups of two or three, all six of us have never been together. I think this is the uniqueness of Ogrobeej, which is published from three separate subcontinents outside the Indian subcontinent. Its readership is also spread worldwide.Q: How do you edit the magazine online?A: We take turns editing an issue. Although we are six editors, we are vastly different in our taste, outlook, and preferences and we consider this to be our strength. When an editor is assigned an issue, he prepares a topic statement to be commented on by the other editors. When it is finalized, we send it to very carefully chosen authors who we have identified as desired key contributors to that topic. However, everything is not, and cannot be online. There is a rigorous back-end to this story.We have a couple of young poet friends in both Bengals who assist us in lieu of pocket money and stipend. They run around to the authors, hand over the call of papers, get a verbal agreement, follow up several times over phone, and meet them in person to collect the article. When we suggest changes, they go back to the authors with the proof for final editing. The magazines are priced at Rs 100 in India, Tk 200 in Bangladesh , $10 in USA, 10 GBP in UK, $10 in Australia and 10 Euros in other European nations. The amount is shared entirely with our Ogrobeej staff in India and Bangladesh.Q: How do you collect the material?A: We communicate via email and conference calls. We type out our own manuscripts or scan handwritten articles to email others. For articles sought from Bangladesh, close to 100% are emailed to us by the authors. For articles sought from India, almost 100% are submitted in handwritten manuscripts to our local correspondents who then scan and email them to us, or have them composed in a DTP shop.Q: Is there a trend of NRIs publishing little magazines in Bengali?A: NRIs are not generally inclined towards arts and literature beyond the occasional family outing to a cultural evening where artists invited from their hometown perform songs and dances. Few are readers, let alone writers. In Bengal, typically, writers choose little magazines as vehicles of expression for their thoughts and creativity. They seek to publish in little magazines when they cannot find a mainstream journal that would accept their submission. Sometimes, and this is quite rare, when a powerful writer chooses to publish her masterpiece in a little magazine, it is out of a protest and disdain that they may have against a commercially successful mainstream journal that must stay conservative to keep its sales preserved among the risk-avoiding middle-class reader. In such cases, a little magazine represents the highest level of literary acumen, at least that's the agenda.Immigrants in the US are predominantly professionals who had very little exposure to literature outside their high school curricula. Some of them may have had hobbies of reading story books, but their reach does not go beyond Puja issues and Eid issues (across both Bengals). As such, little magazines are not known vehicles of written thought to the general NRI crowd. Most of them know what a magazine is, but not what a 'little magazine' is. When they must express, they blog or e-mail - they have a higher rate of success in reaching out to the maximum number of people. An email joke is read by hundred times more people than a masterpiece that gets published in a little magazine.Q: What's the picture as far as non-resident Bangladeshis are concerned?A: The picture is slightly different there. Regardless of background, Bangladeshis are far more dedicated toward preservation and culture of their language and literature in their own capacity. A lion's share of journals that comes out in the US and UK is led by Bangladeshis. That includes Ogrobeej.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14538999", "title": "Congress's delay to stake claim to form government in '04 stunned Kalam", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former President A P J Abdul Kalam has expressed surprise that Congress did not stake claim to form the government for three days after its stunning victory over NDA in the 2004 elections.In an account of his innings in Rashtrapati Bhavan in his latest book 'Turning Points\", Kalam said that while the Congress emerged the largest party, it did not come forward to stake claim. \"In spite of that (being largest party), three days had passed and no party or coalition came forward to form the government. It was a cause of concern for me and I asked my secretaries and rushed a letter to the leader of the the Congress to come forward and stake claim,\" he has written.Congress chief Sonia Gandhi met Kalam on May 18 and nominated Manmohan Singh to the PM's post. Kalam said he breathed a sigh of relief after Singh was sworn in on May 22, but he continued to be puzzled that three days went by without any claim. Congress sources said the delay was procedural since the parliamentary party had to meet and elect its leader.Kalam has recalled the government formation in 2004 as a key event, noting that the task to appoint a PM was very tricky as there was no party with clear majority.\"In this context, the 2004 election was an interesting event. The elections were over, the results had been announced and none of the political parties had the strength to form the government on their own,\" he recounted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14537955", "title": "Bodies of man, woman found hanging", "text": "VARANASI: Bodies of two lovers were found hanging in a tube-well machine room on the outskirts of Karahi village in the limits of Robertsganj police in Sonebhadra district on Saturday afternoon. The police termed it as a case of suicide while the family members said that they were murdered.According to reports, Dharmendra Mishra (21), had an affair with Akanksha Dubey. Both belonged to Karahi village. They were missing since Friday afternoon. On Saturday, the bodies were found hanging with the ceiling of a tubewell room. Hundreds of villagers gathered at the spot. Initially, the cops termed it a case of suicide. However, the families of Dharmendra and Akanksha termed it murder. The police authorities have constituted a panel of three doctors to conduct the postmortem examination to ascertain whether it is a suicide or a murder case.Man killed: Ramkesh Agaria (50), a native of Ahirgudwa village, in the limits of Babhani police, in Sonebhadra district was hacked to death by his cousin and his accomplices on Friday night.Youth murdered: The body of Bablu (28), a native of Mainuddinpur village, was found lying near Padayin pond of Kanwariya in Jaunpur district on Saturday morning.tnnHe was missing since Friday afternoon. His mobile phone was switched off at 9 pm. The killers had slit his throat.In an accident in Golanagar area under Baksa police station in Jaunpur, one Rajesh Singh, a native of Bahraich, died when he was knocked down by a speeding vehicle near a roadside food outlet on Saturday morning. He died on the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "14539939", "title": "Immigration fraud: Woman arrested in Mohali", "text": "MOHALI: Co-owner of a travel agency, Jet International Consultant, Dolly Arora, was arrested in Zirakpur on Saturday for immigration fraud while concealing her real identity.During questioning Dolly revealed that her husband and co-owner of the agency, Deepak Arora, had also changed his name. Deepak, who is absconding, is facing cheating and forgery charges in 74 cases. Dolly had changed her name to Jyoti Arora, while her husband had assumed the name of Ravi Arora.She was arrested following an inquiry into a complaint of cheating filed by Mehar Kumar of Ambala.The police also revealed that the accused couple was also running another illegal travel agency, Speed Ward.com on National Highway (NH) No 22 in Zirakpur for the last six months and nobody knew about their real identity. The couple has already been declared proclaimed offenders in over 30 cases out of 74 by various courts in the district court, Mohali. Apart from running Jet International Consultant in phase-V, Mohali, the couple also owned Jet International Placement Service in phase VI, some years ago.All 74 cases of forgery, cheating and under the Immigration Act against the couple were registered at the police station in Phase-I, Mohali.The SHO of the police station in Zirakpur inspector Trelochan Singh, said the real identity of Jyoti Gupta only came to light during her questioning, when she also revealed the real name of her husband. He said a fresh FIR against the couple was registered on the complaint of Mehar from Ambala.A special investigation team (SIT) of the district police had been searching for the absconding couple for a long time and houses of their friends and relatives had been raided in this connection. Police officials said police authorities in nearby Chandigarh and Panchkula were also contacted for ascertaining if there were any pending cases against the couple.Meanwhile, Dolly Arora was remanded to three days in police custody on Saturday. She along with her husband was living in a rented accommodation in Sector 21, Panchkula. Police sources said the issueless couple had adopted a child sometime ago and now Dolly has left the child with her parents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "14542944", "title": "More projects for Srirangam: Minister", "text": "TRICHY: Minister for school education, sports and youth welfare N R Sivapathy on Saturday said chief minister J Jayalithaa was inclined to launch more schemes in Srirangam constituency in the remaining four years of the current tenure. But he did not specify what the schemes would be. However, Sivapathy said more factories would be constructed in the CM's constituency so that \"each and everyone in Srirangam constituency gets employment in the near future.\"Sivapathy, accompanied by Tiruchirappalli (East) MLA R Manoharan and district collector Jayashree Muralidharan, interacted with Kulumani village panchayat people around 11.30 am in order to distribute four goats each to 91 beneficiaries. A total of 364 goats cost the exchequer Rs 11.37 lakh. According to assistant director of animal husbandry, C Sundar Raj, the annual target of distributing 16,356 goats to 4,089 beneficiaries spread over 59 hamlets in Tiruchirapalli district for the 2011-12 financial year had been reached in five months. In the current financial year of 2012-13, as many as 7,140 goats had already been distributed to 1,785 beneficiaries spread over 25 villages. These goats had given birth to 240 calves this year alone, and these goats could be sold by beneficiaries.Sivapathy said that as a result of distributing goats to the poor, the district had contributed 2,000 more litres of milk to Aavin. The district was fast moving towards achieving a White Revolution, he claimed. \"You the people of the CM's constituency are blessed,\" Sivapathy said.R Manoharan in said there would be a new scheme every month in the Srirangam constituency, and the same would be successfully emulated in other parts of the district and then the state. District collector Jayashree Muralidharan warned the beneficiaries against selling goats that were already branded by the government, but said they were free to breed them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14536731", "title": "'Goans perfect for BPO work'", "text": "PANAJI: The stagnation in the number of graduates Goa is producing is a cause for concern, Manish Vora SVP and head of sales (Asia-Pacific and Middle East), WNS global services, said in Panaji on Saturday.\"The number of graduates,\" he said, \"from the state was stagnant at 30,000, and this was a cause for concern as not many graduates may opt for the BPO sector, resulting in companies keeping away from the state.\"Vora was addressing the audience as a speaker from the IT sector during a panel discussion on the 'Next Growth Wave: IT and ITeS, pharma, light engineering and tourism'.He said that the BPO sector was ideal for Goa due to its educated and English-speaking population.\"The BPO sector is a people-centric sector,\" he said, adding that it was an employment-generating industry. \"The industry needs an educated workforce. The literacy rate in Goa is high and speaking English comes naturally to Goans,\" he said. The broadband network in the state could also facilitate the BPO sector, he added.Sunil Agarwal, of Software technology parks of India, lamented that though Goa has 20 IT units, it is yet to have a software technology park. \"There are 55 such parks in various states across the country,\" he said.Agarwal said that software exports contributed around 8% of the GDP and STPIs had the potential to create large scale employment opportunities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14535704", "title": "HSC, SSC exam schedules declared", "text": "MUMBAI: The dates for the Higher Secondary Certificate (HSC) and Secondary School Certificate (SSC) examinations for 2013 have been announced.The HSC exams will be held between February 21 and March 21, 2013 and the online Information Technology (IT) examinations will be held on March 22, 23 and 25. For students appearing for the SSC board papers, their exams will be held between March 2 and March 25 next year. \"Our aim is to reduce students' stress about the exam timetable. So by announcing the dates in advance, we hope students can prepare for the exams accordingly,\" said state board chairman Sarjerao Jadhav.For the second year in a row, the state education board has announced the dates for the SSC and HSC board exams at the start of the academic year. The decision to do so was taken by the state education minister, Rajendra Darda last year to give students ample time to prepare for their examinations as per the timetable.Students can check the timetable on msbshsce.ac.in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14542230", "title": "Around the chowk in 40 years", "text": "Of the many unique features of pol houses, one is the internal courtyard called the chowk. It houses the day-today activities of the womenfolk, turns into the focal space during festivals and gatherings and provides fresh air while buffering the hot summer wind.No wonder this area became the activity hub and the heart of the home. True for any traditional dwelling \u2014 from the tharavads of tropical Kerala to the settlements in extremely dry and hot Morocco.However, today 'living rooms' have replaced the chowk with increase in apartment-style living. But the Zaveri family built their house with a chowk as the central idea. Wedged within three parallel 14-inch walls, the house is situated on a busy street in Gulbai Tekra. It is offset from the street with a raised lush green garden, which cuts off the noise. The uneven grounds of the Tekra extend into an interesting play of levels within the house.\"We wanted a house with every space connected to the courtyard. Moreover, it was memory we wanted to carry forward from the previous pol house. It's the most actively used space in the house,\" say Sanjay Zaveri, the second generation of the family to live in the house. \"From our evening tea to special occasions like musical gatherings , to hosting friends to our daughter's mehendi ceremony, it was all held in the courtyard.\"Once all the wide doors are opened, the front garden gets connected to the internal courtyard through the living room, which then flows into the dining space. From the upper-floor bedrooms, the ornate mosaic pattern of the courtyard can be viewed. Wooden louvers control the intensity light within the house. Though it appears stark and modern from the facade, it contains many more traditional details like the otlas, chhats, detached kitchen and washing areas. These are the cultural reminisces as well as the family's way of life which manifest as architectural details.\"Traditional spaces have evolved primarily as responses to climate, which is why they are comfortable. Architecture is often seen as an appearance, however the experience of the house lies beyond its appearance,\" says the architect Kamal Mangaldas, who designed the house for Sanjay's father, Manish Zaveri. \"However, a house should address not to intellect but to the heart.\"When built in 1968, only bungalows occupied the neighbouring plots. Now, though dwarfed by tall buildings, the house still preserves its intimacy. It exuberates a quality of timelessness, blending of modern and tradition.The Aha Moment!Since the different floors are wedged within the triangular walls, the rooms on the upper level also open to terraces the chhats, which are the family's favourite hangout for summer nights. During parties and family gatherings, the house unfolds like a pavilion, with crowds spilling out from the most public front garden to the private and cosy terraces.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14540457", "title": "Khap ostracizes 40 dalit families in Udaipur village", "text": "JAIPUR: In a diktat by a khap panchayat, 40 families of dalit community were ostracized at Cheepala village in Udaipur district of the state. The panchayat has also slapped a fine of Rs 21,000 on a dalit family when they continued to construct their house despite the resistance of members of Rajput community. The villagers have been asked not to give them essential commodities like vegetables, milk, grocery and water and these families have been excommunicated and boycotted by the village.The police though have registered a case under various sections of SC/ST Act against six persons at Gogunda police station of the district, however, no arrests have been made so far.The 40 dalit families have allegedly been harassed to such an extent that even small shopkeepers have been asked not to sell them grocery and vegetables, people of other communities have been asked to not give them water and the villagers have been told not to speak to them.Prakash Meghwal, a leader of dalit community, talking to TOI over the phone, said, \"One Chunnilal Meghwal was constructing his house in the village. On June 18, when he was constructing a sunshade, his neighbours belonging to Rajput community asked him to dismantle the portion and they entered into a confrontation over it.\"\"Since the village is largely dominated by the Rajput community, a panchayat was held in the village which slapped a fine of Rs 21,000 on Chunnilal Meghwal. Later, when our community comprising 40 families resisted to it, the panchayat ordered to ostracize all these families since June 20,\" he added.The community members had met the senior authorities including the district collector and police in this connection but they are still awaiting a solution.\"When we narrated our plight to the Panchayat members, we had to face humiliation as they told us to go to police and administration only to resolve our problem,\" said Surjaram Meghwal of the village.Meanwhile, police said that after lodging the FIR, the six accused, who allegedly participated in the Panchayat and issued the diktat have fled from the village.\"Efforts are on to arrest the absconding accused,\" said a senior police officer.Hari Prasad Sharma, SP, Udaipur, however, said, \"We had sent a dy SP to inquire about the incident. Though the initial reports suggest no such diktat was issued by the panchayat, the investigation is on to find out who all were behind boycotting of these families.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14536512", "title": "DLF land lease cancelled", "text": "HYDERABAD: The municipal administration and urban development (MA&UD;) department on Saturday cancelled the lease agreement between M/s DLF Building India Pvt Ltd and Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA).MA&UD; issued a GO (Ms NO 244) regarding the lease cancellation of 24.23 acres land at Moosapet village in Kukatpally.The GO cited the failure of the DLF Limited to set up an integrated agricultural hub in the land leased to it and pay five per cent of the market value as annual rent being the reason for cancelling the agreement. Though the lease was granted to DLF India, another firm DLF SBPL Developers Pvt Ltd, which claimed to be the subsidiary of DLF, entered into an agreement with the MA&amp;UD.;HMDA had taken possession of the vacant land a couple of months ago after serving notices and recommended the government to cancel the GO issued in 2008 granting lease.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14540351", "title": "Freak out on patridge and the jungle hen", "text": "It's a place where speed bikers, long distance travellers and many food lovers, including a good number of foreigners from Tibet and Malaysia , love to eat. The Sahara and Taj restaurants on the Bangalore-Mysore highway in Chennapatna are most sought after not for the ambience, but for the food on offer. Most importantly, the reasonable cost is the main draw for 500-odd customers who each day lap up the delicacies served in the traditional rural style.Most regulars to these two popular food joints freak out on the bird meat: partridge and jungle hen. MS Jalaluddin, manager of the Sahara restaurant, while confirming that 80% of his clientele is from Bangalore made it clear that quail - contrary to popular perception -- is not on their menu as it falls in the protected bird category.\"The partridge tandoori is the best and it is a big draw,\" said Maqsood Ahmed, a senior executive with a Bangalore-based travel agency who frequents this place, at least two to three times a week.Afsar Hameed, owner of Sahara, pointed out that their chicken and mutton delicacies top the list and it is not the partridge alone which is bringing in the customers.\"The kadi gosht, the pepper chicken and the chicken kabab are hot on the list and many like our mutton biryani,\" said Afsar Hameed.When asked why people need to travel more than 60 km from Bangalore to eat at Sahara when most dishes served are available at most hotels in the City Market and Shivajinagar area, Jalaluddin said: \"It is the masala and marination process which make the difference. Another point is that we don't cook or sell frozen meat.\"Sahara and Taj are packed each day and during the weekends, the many teenagers who rip into the joints in their fancy, fast bikes confirmed that they end up waiting for an hour or two only to dig into their favourite partridge.The two joints with booming businesses were open till 3am before the Ramnagram police clamped down on all hotel owners and had them shut shop at 11pm. \"Our main clientele is late night dinner groups and we have lost 60 per cent of our business, following the order,\" said Afsar Hameed while pointing out that they do not serve liquor and most night travellers enjoy a good meal at their restaurant.Jalaluddin disclosed that the restaurant was raided twice and fined for serving quail, which is not in the list. \"The 11pm shutdown has affected business and more importantly it has come as a big disappointment for the many regulars who used to enjoy a good, late night meal at the Sahara,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14542118", "title": "Celebrations mark SBI's Bank Day in Lucknow", "text": "State Bank of India celebrated its Bank Day on Saturday. On this occasion, SBI (main branch) organised a self-help group awareness camp and a mela at Moti Mahal which was inaugurated by Ravi Mishra, regional director (Uttar Pradesh and Uttarakhand ), Reserve Bank of India in the presence of N Krishnan, chief general manager, NABARD and K Ramachandran, chief general manager, SBI, Lucknow Circle. In the evening, as a part of the celebrations, a melange of cultural events were organised by the Bank with the active participation of the staff members. In order to promote knowledge and learning, nine IIM qualifiers were honoured on behalf of the bank. The highlight of the evening was a lively and sparkling show by staff members and by singer Subhash Chandra Sharma wherein they mesmerised the audience with rendition of latest numbers. It may be mentioned that on July 1, 1955 by an Act of Parliament, the Imperial Bank of India was reconstituted to give birth to present day State Bank of India.Engineers' body hails govt decision: The UP Rajya Vidyut Parishad Abhiyanta Sangh, on Saturday, hailed the state government's decision to appoint OP Jain as the new managing director of Dakshinanchal Power Distribution Company. The Sangh in a statement said that appointment of engineers at top managerial post is a welcome move.Birth centenary: In order to mark the birth centenary of brigadier Mohammad Usman, Maha Vir Chakra, who was martyred while fighting in 1947-48 Indo-Pak war, 39 Gorkha Training Centre (GTC) organised Paramotor Expedition from Varanasi to Lucknow on Saturday. According to Lieutenant Colonel V Abraham, the Army had decided to celebrate the birth centenary of the heroic paratrooper. The paramotor expedition team 'Pushpak', comprising five elite paratroopers of 50 Independent Parachute Brigade, commenced a 10-day journey covering 400 kilometres, starting from Varanasi to Lucknow on Saturday. The aim of the expedition is to knit together the areas where late Brigadier Mohammed Usman, MVC was born and spent his life. The expedition, which was flagged off by Major General NS Ghei, ADGMO (Spl Ops) at Varanasi, will be flagged in by the Army Commander, Central Command Lt Gen Anil Chait at Lucknow on July 10. It will be followed by a commemorative function at UP Sainik School in Lucknow which will include screening of a short film on the life and times of Brigadier Mohammad Usman, MVC, besides skydiving demonstration by the Meghdoot team and thrilling paramotor display by 'Pushpak' team.Roadmap developed: Indian Institute of Sugarcane Research (IISR), Lucknow developed a R&D; roadmap to address the concern of sugar industry operating in northern India sub-tropics viz UP, Haryana, Punjab, Bihar and Madhya Pradesh. S Solomon director, IISR, said that the institute is working on this roadmap since last 6 months and during this period IISR scientists interacted with senior officials on many occasions and visited cane growing areas to understand and diagnose the most inflicting problem in cane cultivation.IIA president: Prashant Bhatia has been nominated as president of Lucknow chapter of Indian Industries Association for the second consecutive term.Video conferencing held: State Election Commissioner, UP, along with secretary (home) held video conferencing here on Saturday with district magistrates, SSPs/SPs, observers appointed by the commission, divisional commissioners and DIGs of Shahjahanpur, Mainpuri, Lakhimpur Kheri, Mirzapur and Sultanpur districts. The election commissioner has directed the concerning officials to ensure complete prohibition on sale of liquor in the entire districts going to poll in the third phase of local bodies elections on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14538273", "title": "Man held with drugs", "text": "KOLKATA: A 35- year-old Sikkimese was arrested on Saturday for possessing 132gm of 'white sugar' - a much refined version of heroin - and an improvised 9mm pistol.The suspect, Ang Tshering Ubesing, had been staying in a rented accommodation on CN Roy Road in Tiljala for the past few months. On Friday night, acting on a tip-off, police intercepted his car and searched it. They found 134 small pouches of white sugar, the gun and Rs 75,000 in cash, said an officer.White sugar is very expensive, which means it has an exclusive clientele in Kolkata, say police. Ubesing is suspected to have smuggled it from Nepal or the North-East. Police had recently seized two courier consignments of hashish and are looking for a woman behind the racket. The consignments were apprehended from a Shakespeare Sarani based courier company and the packet was booked by a woman based in Darjeeling.The main clients are based in either some south East Asian countries like Hong Kong , Taiwan and European countries. Police said that Australia and South Africa is also among the prospective clients of white sugar.Police are also trying to extract from where he had managed to get the stuff as the local heroine productions what mainly comes from either Murshidabad and UP are relatively inferior brown sugar. So police have reasons to believe that Ang either had smuggled the powder from Nepal or north east.Police yet to track the woman but believe that a large racket is active in the city who transport narcotics through the city and have connection in north Eastern states.Police recovered two passports from the accused person and the documents reveal that he was a frequent visitor of Srilanka. Police also probing on his foreign tours. \" We just got him in police custody and after few days we will be able to say how he collected the stuff and where was he supposed to deliver,\" said an officer of detective department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "14536625", "title": "Autopsy conducted on Russian national's body", "text": "MAPUSA: An autopsy has been conducted in the Goa medical college and hospital, Bambolim, on the body of Russian national Yury Nikolaevich Vergiles, who died under mysterious circumstances in a hospital at Anjuna on June 25. A decision on the cause of death has been reserved and the viscera has been preserved for verification.\"We have gone through the report of a doctor under whose treatment Yury was and an autopsy has been conducted,\" a senior police officer said. Sources informed that the doctor's report states that Yuri was a chronic alcoholic.Russian consulate's representative in Goa Vikram Varma said that the matter has been reported to him and he has spoken to the police and family members of the deceased. We have got inputs from Yury's family and the police. We are waiting for the post mortem report which will throw more light on the matter and thereafter we can decide on further course of action,\" Varma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14539647", "title": "Sangma raises Sonia's foreign origin bogey", "text": "Opposition presidential candidate P A Sangma has again revised his position on Congress chief Sonia Gandhi becoming PM, reviving his opposition to a person of foreign origin occupying the post. \"That is my view now. That will be my view in future... till I die. I will never support any foreigner to be Prime Minister or President of India. I am very clear about it,\" the former NCP leader said. The northeast leader had opposed Sonia Gandhi's leadership in 1999 \u2014 when she took charge of the party just ahead of the national election \u2014 along with Sharad Pawar and Tariq Anwar to walk out of the Congress to form the NCP. Much later, he met Sonia and apologized.But now Sangma seems to have revisited the chapter. His decision to rework his position again comes in the wake of Congress rejecting his claims to being a Presidential candidate on the grounds that the high office has not been occupied by a tribal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14555446", "title": "Jayaprada to remake Ishq in Tamil?", "text": "Jayaprada, we learn, is planning to remake the Nitin-Nithya Menen starrer \"Ishq\" in Tamil. Sources say that the yesteryear actress is keen on casting her sister's son Siddharth in the lead role and that efforts are being made to rope in Nithya for the Tamil remake too. A Rajasekhar, who had earlier made \"Sathyam\", starring Vishal and Nayanthara, might direct the film. However, an official announcement is awaited. Meanwhile, Vikram Kumar, who directed \"Ishq\", is now busy with a big ticket film starring three generations of the Akkineni family. He is penning a script that has Akkineni Nages-wara Rao, Nagarjuna and Naga Chaitanya. The film is tentatively titled \"Threyam\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14538779", "title": "State to provide free childbirth care soon", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The government health institutions in the state will soon implement a Centre-sponsored scheme Janani Shishu Suraksha Karyakram (JSSK) that will provide free and cashless service to pregnant women during normal and caesarean childbirth and free service for babies who fall sick up to 30 days after birth.The initiative of ministry of health and family welfare aims at eliminating infant and maternal mortality rates in the country. It will be implemented in all the government hospitals in both rural and urban areas through the state National Rural Health Mission (NRHM).Under the scheme, free medicines, food and diagnostic service for the neonatal period will be provided at the hospitals.The scheme will also ensure free diet during the stay in government hospitals - three days in case of normal delivery and seven days for C-sections.Free of cost transport facility from hospital to home for pregnant women will also be given.Besides, Rs 700 will also be given to a woman on discharge after delivery. According to NRHM sources, Infant Mortality Rate (IMR) is 12 per 1,000 in the state a year and it is 62 per 1,000 in the country. Maternal Mortality Ratio (MMR) is below 80 per lakh in the state in a year while it is 400 per lakh in a year in the country.M Beena, state mission director, NRHM, said the scheme will be a reality in the state once the NRHM completes preparation of guidelines for the project.\"We need to make clarification about facilities that provide free transportation and food to the beneficiaries. The problem is that the scheme has the provision to sanction only Rs 250 as transportation cost, which is not viable in the state as the charge of taxi and ambulance service are higher than the allotted amount.Another problem is the provision to provide free food during the hospital stay. We are yet to decide whether we have to distribute food through hospital canteens or to entrust Kudumbasree for food distribution,\" said Beena.The state mission coordinator said the scheme will be launched officially across the government health institutions once the government issues an order detailing the guidelines.A Baburaj, NRHM district project manager, said the scheme will be a blessing for many women from economically poor families who are finding it difficult to purchase medicines and are not in a position to provide nutritious food for the mother and child after delivery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14538767", "title": "ACP will probe French diplomat case after wife's harassment complaint", "text": "BANGALORE: The rape case against a French diplomat has been handed over to an assistant commissioner of police, a day after his wife alleged she was subjected to hostile interrogation in a bid to make her withdraw the complaint against him. The case had been handed over to ACP Devaraju. \"Police felt a senior officer could handle the case appropriately,\" a police official said on Saturday. Diplomat Pascal Mazurier is facing charges of allegedly raping the couple's four-year-old daughter.In a written complaint to police commissioner Jyotiprakash Mirji, Mazurier's wife Suja Jones Mazurier on Friday alleged that she was being subjected to \"hostile interrogation and the police were trying to pressurise her to withdraw the complaint\" against her husband. Mazurier, deputy head of Chancery in the Consulate of France, was arrested on June 19 after Suja, a Keralite, alleged that he raped their daughter on June 13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "wellington", "code": "14552347", "title": "Ryder admits hitting rock bottom before making turnaround", "text": "WELLINGTON: International cricket's \"Bad Boy\", Jesse Ryder , appears to be sorting out his booze-related problems, which resulted in him losing out on a New Zealand Cricket central contract for the 2012-13 season.In an interview with Fairfax Sports, Ryder revealed that he still retains the desire to be recognized as \"one of the best batsmen that New Zealand has seen.\"Admitting that he had hit \"rock bottom\" earlier this year during the series against the South Africans and the domestic cricket bash-up incident at a Napier hotel, Ryder said that at point of time he felt he wanted to quit cricket and jumped on a plane to go home.Back in Wellington, he said that initially he felt sorry for himself, and found solace where it could always be found - the bottle, and embarked on a path towards self destruction.He said that friends tried to intervene, but he wasn't interested.He wanted out. Out of cricket, out of the public scrutiny. He wanted to be normal.Speaking for the first time about last summer's dramatic fall from grace, Ryder said: \"I was just hammering it and it did get to a point where I think I needed to hit rock bottom to see how bad things actually were.\"That was almost four months ago. But for Ryder it feels more like a lifetime.Now, he hasn't touched a drop of alcohol in more than 100 days. He's looking slim, hasn't picked up a cricket bat in ages and on Thursday will step into a boxing ring in Auckland to fight radio host Mark Watson .Now, he genuinely looks like a lean, mean fighting machine.As if that transformation wasn't unsettling enough, he also appears to have embraced the boxing business in its entirety.\"I just sent a tweet out today about the fact that the KFC Godfather of Fight Nights is ...,\" he says, unable to finish the sentence after cracking himself up.\"After that low period, I finally managed to really pull my head in and get my s... together, and I'm 102 or 103 days sober now,\" Ryder says.\"I'm also probably in the best head-space I've been in for a long time. In the end, everything's probably going to work out for the best. I think I'm a completely different person now than I was six months ago. I'm sharper, fitter and on to it,\" Ryder said.\"Look, I know I've had the drinking problem. But that's it and it's sorting itself as we go on a day-by-day basis. I'm all good,\" he says, adding that, actually, he has never been happier.That partly stems from the fact that, for the first time in years, he doesn't have to answer to the powers that be at New Zealand Cricket.In late May, he signalled to them that he didn't want a national contract, turning his back on a retainer of more than 150,000 dollars a year in the process.But at the same time, he also discovered a new lease of life.\"I'm definitely not missing cricket at all. I've had a whole lot of other things to focus on and, if anything, it's probably been a real breath of fresh air,\" he says.\"I'm so excited about this winter. I'm going to be able to go snowboarding for the first time. It's something I've always wanted to do but because I've always been contracted I haven't been allowed to go out and do that sort of stuff. I've got a lot of fitness goals and stuff away from cricket that I want to achieve too,\" Ryder says.Ryder has fallen out of love with cricket and doesn't yet know when the love affair will be rekindled. What he is sure of, though, is that he will be back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14542535", "title": "CID submits report on security lapses in Yerawada prison", "text": "PUNE: The CID has submitted its report to the state home department on the security lapses that lead to the murder of alleged IM operative Mohammad Qateel Siddiqui in the high-security Yerawada jail on June 8.CID additional director general of police Sharad Prasad Yadav told TOI on Saturday that the inquiry report was submitted to additional chief secretary (home). Without divulging details, Yadav said the CID has looked into security and administrative lapses and also circumstances that led to the murder. The inquiry was conducted by additional superintendent of police (flying squad) Kalidas Suryavanshi, who examined the crime scene at the jail and collected details of the anda cell where the IM operative was lodged besides examining the guards on duty.Siddiqui, a suspect in the terror attacks in Bangalore and Delhi who had made a failed attempt to blow up the Dagdusheth Ganapati temple here, was strangled by gangster Sharad Mohol and his aide Alok Bhalerao in Yerawada jail on June 8.Following the incident, the state government suspended state prisons department additional director general of police Prakash Pawar, Yerawada jail superintendent S V Khatavkar and six others. Home minister R R Patil had ordered a CID inquiry.Siddiqui was found dead in his 10 ft x 10 ft cubicle in the anda cell of Yerawada central jail. Mohol and Bhalerao who were also lodged in the anda cell had strangled Siddiqui to death with a drawstring from a pair of shorts last Friday around 9.45 am.Siddiqui was a close associate of Yasin Bhatkal, the main suspect in a string of terror attacks including the German bakery blast. Bhatkal is yet to be arrested.He was handed over to the ATS on May 3 by the Delhi police who arrested him on November 22, 2011.On May 28, Siddiqui was sent to Yerawada jail after a Pune court remanded him to judicial custody till June 8. At the time of handing over Siddiqui to jail, the ATS had given a letter saying he was a high-risk prisoner and needed to be isolated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14536940", "title": "Two-month-old girl found abandoned at Dadar station", "text": "MUMBAI: A two-month-old girl was found abandoned at Dadar railway station on the Western line on Thursday evening. After ensuring that the infant hadn't sustained any injuries, the Government Railway Police (GRP) took her to a shelter.This is the second such incident in less than a week.\"We received information about the abandoned baby around 4.05pm on Thursday. A commuter came to the chowky to report that he had spotted an infant lying near a PCO booth on platform 1. She was wrapped in a pink and white salwar,\" senior inspector Shivaji Shinde said. GRP personnel rushed to the spot and were relieved to find the baby alive and unhurt. After getting her examined by a doctor, female police personnel took her to a shelter run by Bal Asha trust in Mahalaxmi.\"We have registered a case under Section 317 of the Indian Penal Code (exposure and abandonment of a child under 12 years by parents). Wireless messages, with the description of the infant, have been circulated to all GRP chowkies as well as police stations in Mumbai, Thane and New Mumbai. We have also circulated her photographs and given advertisements on cable television in a bid to trace her parents or guardians,\" an officer said.A DNA test will be carried out on the infant. She will also go through a few blood investigations to rule out any medical history. \"We are making inquiries at hospitals in the vicinity to find out if any infant had gone missing. Inquiries are also on at residences near Dadar station to find out if any woman had delivered two months ago,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14528318", "title": "Rahman\u2019s Punjabi track at the Olympics", "text": "The Oscar winner is collaborating with Danny Boyle for the special number A R Rahman's song will play out at the London Olympics.Yes , the music wizard has composed a special Punjabi number that will be showcased at the opening ceremony of the grand sporting event. What's more, he'll be collaborating with none other than Slumdog Millionaire director Danny Boyle for this segment of the show. Rahman tweeted, \"It's a track in Punjabi, celebrating the Indian influence in the UK. It's a part of a medley in the Olympics opening ceremony, according to Danny Boyle's creative wishes!\"When contacted, Rahman's official spokesperson stated, \"Yes, he has composed a number for the Olympics. But his is one of the songs and not the only song.\" It is heard that the Oscar winner is ensuring that the song is grand in terms of musical content, given the global reach of the Olympics.Filmmaker Danny Boyle, who has worked with the Chennai composer on 127 Hours as well, is said to have planned a three-hour musical show that will feature various genres of music. He's taking active interest in putting together a big show for worldwide audiences, say sources.Interestingly, it's also learnt that one of maestro Ilaiyaraaja 's songs too reportedly features in the list for the opening ceremony of the upcoming London Olympics. The selected song is Naandhaan Ungappanda... from the 1981 film Ram Lakshman , starring Kamal Haasan and Sripriya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14557762", "title": "Saeed bounty: Labour lifts peer's suspension", "text": "LONDON: The UK's opposition Labour party has lifted the suspension of Lord Nazir Ahmed who was quoted by a Pakistani newspaper as offering a 10-million-pound bounty on President Barack Obama after the US announced a reward for information leading to LeT founder Hafiz Saeed's prosecution.Lord Ahmed, who had denied offering the bounty, told the BBC he was delighted that a \"fair\" Labour investigation led to lifting of the suspension.He was suspended from the party after his alleged remarks made during a visit to Pakistan in April were published in the British news media.The Pakistan-based 'Express Tribune' had quoted Lord Ahmed, a member of the Labour party for 34 years, as saying: \"If the US can announce a reward of 10 million dollars for the captor of Hafiz Saeed, I can announce a bounty of 10 million pounds on President Obama and his predecessor George Bush.\"The paper later corrected the article, but Lord Ahmed said: \"I'm shocked and horrified that this whole story could be just made up of lies. I never mentioned President Obama, I never mentioned the word bounty.\"He said: \"It was a discussion about people investing in Pakistan and yes , I did talk about illegal wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and Bush and (Tony) Blair involved in it. But I did not mention any bounty or President Obama and the sort of rubbish that's been on the media.\"Thanking Labour chief whip Lord Bassam, Lord Ahmed told the BBC Asian Network that his colleagues in the House of Lords had been \"very sympathetic\" while the suspension was in place.The story was full of \"lies\", he said, adding he was considering taking legal action against the Express Tribune.A Labour Party spokesperson said \"Lord Ahmed is no longer suspended from the Labour Party\" but would not expand on that statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14539995", "title": "And the people's choice is...", "text": "Last week, just for fun, i ran a simple poll on my public Facebook page. The question i asked was simple. Who should be India's PM? The choices were simple too - Rahul Gandhi, Narendra Modi and none of the above. There was no intention to imply any bias. Over 10,000 votes were polled. Rahul Gandhi received 5% of the votes. Narendra Modi had 82%, beating the crown prince an astonishing 16 times; 13% of the voters wanted neither.No, i am not implying this is India's verdict. In fact, it could be far from the national consensus, as Facebook is a highly skewed demographic of younger, affluent and more educated Indians. As some say, many people on Facebook don't even bother to vote. Also, Modi has some fervent supporters, who rush to support him in times of need such as this poll. Hence, i would take the results with a huge pinch of Gujarat-made salt.However, to ignore these numbers completely will also be foolish. Modi always had some sort of a fan following in cyberspace, but a 16-to-1 lead is a staggering one. This means his fan base has increased dramatically in the last two years. Rahul Gandhi is a far better known national brand, and is younger, better looking, suave and aspirational in some ways. Then why are the youth of this country not rooting for him? And if Modi is as much of a demon as some say, why do people vote for him? What has led to his rise? And more importantly, can he make the switch from ruling Gujarat and Cyber Pradesh to ruling the 28 states?The first, the decline of Rahul Gandhi is easy to answer. Hyped up immensely by the English-speaking media and any Congressman who wanted to ingratiate the family, Rahul entered politics with massive expectations. He also entered at the time when the Congress was at its evilest best - covering up huge scams, protecting all corrupt people, crushing anti-corruption crusaders, demonstrating hubris and showing arrogance. Rahul hid every time this happened. The Congress calculated that the people who were aware of what is going on were far outnumbered by the ignorant ones in this country, and so none of the criticism mattered.Silence towards criticism is normally a good strategy, but only if the criticism is unfounded. The Congress was morally wrong, and refused to accept or amend any of that. The Lokpal bill is forgotten and the slow judicial system is being used to their full advantage. In all this, to expect Rahul Gandhi to somehow shine and have educated Indians root for him is a bit much.Rahul has also suffered due to a cultural shift in Indians. While still enamored by dynasty, the educated set is questioning the sense of entitlement more than ever before. Rather than 'of course he deserves it', it is now 'has he lived up to what he has been given'. With no real track record besides hiding whenever there is a national crisis, Rahul has a long way to go if he wants to win the trust of the educated. Today, let's face it, it is just not cool to support Rahul Gandhi amongst the youth. The Congress, if and when it decides to be less arrogant, needs to think hard about this issue. One tip: clean up your dirty act, rather than keeping Rahul away from it.The second interesting phenomenon is the rise of Modi. Sure, many ascribe it to Gujarat's development record. However, that does not explain the cult-like following. It is Modi's personality, a sense of urgency, his seeking of prosperity and decisiveness that is in sync with the disgruntled youth of today. Good colleges don't have seats, and good companies do not have enough jobs. The youth wants this addressed, and Modi looks like the guy who can. Yes , call it selfish, but the youth doesn't care about a controversial piece of history. When you don't have your own future, you can't worry about someone else's past. Also, another factor that has led to Modi's rise is the constant, whining criticism in some quarters. The Congress's constant anti-Modi tirade has made him larger than life. This, when Congress refuses to accept any blame for running the most immoral government in our history.Hence, anti-Congress people (there's quite a few) have shifted over to Modi. There was a time when supporting Modi was considered communal. Today, it could simply mean being against the Congress. And since millions want the Congress out, they are gravitating towards Modi.Will Modi's cyber support spill over to the streets? It is hard to say. It could. The internet is often an early sign of things to come. Modi could do it, if he is lucky, stays humble, has some genuine remorse for the past and makes the right moves.The BJP and its allies also have to take a bet on this man, who despite controversies, is growing in popularity by the day. They also need to stop the internal bickering and work towards winning the next election, including mobilizing people to vote. Else, the only PM they will ever have will be on Facebook.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "14543258", "title": "Multi-cropping in NE rubber fields soon", "text": "AGARTALA: The Rubber Board is in the process of introducing multi-cropping in natural rubber fields of NE states soon.The experiment of rubber-based multi cropping system in India has progressed satisfactorily. Rubber with tea, horticultural crops, vegetables and medicinal plants has yielded a positive result, additional rubber production commissioner K G Mohanan said on Friday.While accepting the blame of mono-cropping of rubber he argued that tea, coffee and spices have been grown as single crop and none of them can be compared with natural forest - native eco-system. Mohanan said though rubber tree can't claim carbon credit in India so far, study in India and abroad established that rubber sequestrates at 27000 MT carbon dioxide that supports the claim of it's forest character.Rubber cultivated in sloppy hillock controls soil erosion and it provides a green leguminous mat cover to soil, he said. He added that rubber is a proven crop for economic settlement of people and controlling jhum cultivation. \"Moreover, rubber leaves improve soil properties and purify the atmosphere,\" said Mohanan.Tripura is the second largest natural rubber grower in India with a cultivation area of 60,000 hectares. The Rubber Board has been conducting a satellite study for brining more area under rubber cultivation with the help of ISRO and Rubber Research Institute of India.Mohanan pointed out that only 25.26 per cent potential area of northeast had been brought under rubber cultivation and the highest area of cultivation was registered in Tripura at 59.29 percent, followed by 35.25 per cent in Nagaland , 29.77 per cent in Manipur, 21.13 in Meghalaya and 16.33 per cent in Assam.\"Agro-climatic condition of the northeast, after Kerala, is best suited for cultivation of rubber and the Rubber Board wants to expand the cultivation area in a scientific manner to conserve bio-diversity and prevent soil erosion in hilly lands,\" said Mohanan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14538774", "title": "Governor HR Bhardwaj waits and watches", "text": "BANGALORE: Karnataka governor HR Bhardwaj is examining closely the ongoing political drama. As it is the internal matter of the BJP, the governor cannot intervene. He cannot enter the scene until some MLAs express their lack of confidence in the leadership, that too in writing. Twice earlier, the Centre rejected the governor's recommendation for President's rule in the state. This time, the governor is cautious.CM D V Sadananda Gowda met the governor on Saturday and discussed about the extended budget session in July, besides informally briefing him about the happenings in his party. \"The governor told us that he would wait for another three to four days for the issue to settle down. He said he would call the CM and speak to him if it continues,'' KPCC president G Parameshwara told STOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14550175", "title": "Singers do hog the limelight as actors, says Rajwinder", "text": "Standing tall at six feet two inches, the masculine gabro, Rajwinder aka Goldy Sumal makes for all the traits of an ideal Punjabi hero. After doing two Punjabi films which unfortunately dint fare well, Rajwinder is back with again, this time with the sequel to the successful, Yarran Naal Baharan.Rajwinder, who hails from a small town Hoshiarpur in Punjab, has no acting background whatsoever. \"After I won the Mr North title, offers started pouring in for ramp shows and music videos. After doing around 100 videos, I ultimately got recognition through Manmohan Waris's song Punjabi Shera . This was followed by Mehandi Wale Hath and the rest, as they say in history.\"Though Goldy's initial years were tough, he is keeping his hopes high on his films. \"It's a romcom with lots of action and good music. I am playing the main lead Param who falls in love with Rishita Monga which is followed by a struggle to convince both the families.\" The film conveys a message too. \"We are trying to clear the misconception that today's youth doesn't stand against their parents. Rather, they convince them and parents too understand and accept their relationship happily,\"Commenting upon the trend of singers getting into Punjabi cinema and delivering continuous hits, Goldy says, \"Yeah, it's indeed a drawback for us actors as the singers get more limelight as they are already pretty famous amongst audiences and have an established fan following. But to cope with this I give my 100% so that audiences can recognise who's a real performer. Besides, somewhere I also believe that I am blessed with a personality and the ability to connect with the audiences through my acting which certainly works for me.\"Rajwinder has taken acting lessons from Mumbai and worked under mentors like KK Menon, Kumar Gaurav, Yograj Singh etc. And finally, this Punjabi hero is all set to crossover to Bollywood. \"I am shooting for a Bollywood project Good-night which is a suspense thriller, along with actors like Ashmit Patel , Kumar Gaurav and Menon,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "texas", "code": "14541490", "title": "Sudents hijack drone for $1,000 bet", "text": "TEXAS: On a dare, Texas college researchers hacked into and hijacked a drone of the US Homeland Security before the eyes of the officials operating it. Using a technique called 'spoofing' where a signal from hackers imitates the one sent to the drone's on-board GPS, the researchers managed to take control of a small but powerful drone in mid-air .During the experiment conducted at the University of Texas stadium, the small red drone soared into the sky following a clear set of commands entered into its computer. Shortly after, the aircraft veered to the side, making it obvious that it was no longer following its original orders.Then, the drone hurtled toward the ground as if given a self-destruct command and was saved in the last moment.And the hijacking was just for a $1,000 wager. But the incident has unnerved Homeland security officials, as the spoofing has made it possible for anyone with a $1,000 and a plan to turn a harmless UAV into a missile and crash it into a building.The hijackers team led by professor Todd Humphreys at Austin Radio-navigation Laboratory said his team was able to build the most sophisticated spoofing system yet that tricked the drone into following a new set of commands . \"Spoofing a GPS receiver on a UAV is just another way of hijacking a plane,\" Humphreys said.The stadium display was not the first time government officials witnessed spoofing in action. Last Tuesday, officials from the Federal Aviation Administration and Department of Homeland Security watched as Humphreys' team repeatedly hijacked a drone from a remote hilltop in New Mexico.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14549556", "title": "'Badam Rani Gulam Chor', my biggest challenge, says Satish", "text": "Rising to fame with television, director and actor Satish Rajwade gets candid about his journey and forthcoming movie Badam Rani, Gulam Chor.How you prepare yourself for different genres of movies like Gair , Mrugajal , Mumbai-Pune-Mumbai ? I follow a rule that every time I must present audience with a different genre of movie. I also read different type of books which helps me a lot finding various subjects which also helps me in growing further as a story-writer.How you manage TV serials as well as movies at one time? I have been lucky to receive interesting projects as well as chance to work with good people. These people have been kind enough to understand me and adjust according to my requirements. This is the only secret due to which I can handle movies and serials at same time. I am a product of television which has given me fame and the same audience are going to watch my movies too!If given the option which one you will choose movies or serials? It's difficult to answer. But directing a serial is more challenging because you have to make audience stick to it every day. You have to make every episode more interesting than the previous one, there is more creativity involved. As far as movies are concerned, once audience enter cinema hall they are bound to sit for complete 2 hrs. I am attached to both these mediums.Something about your forthcoming movie. I have adapted my forthcoming movie Badam Rani Gulam Chor from a commercial play Makadachya Haati Champagne . This is the biggest challenge I have faced in my entire career. But the journey has been terrific. Things which we can't show on stage, we have managed to show in the movie so we have taken couple of steps ahead than the play.Why audience should watch Badam Rani Gulam Chor? After a long time I have handled a script which has perfect balance of content and entertainment. This is 100% entertainment package, different experiment.In your previous movies and now Badam Rani Gulam Chor, is actress Mukta Barve your lucky mascot? It is just coincidence! Me and Mukta have been working with each other for quite a long time now. And if we are lucky mascot then lets this continue...because it will surely give positive results! Anyone will love to work with Mukta as she is a wonderful actress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14539177", "title": "Kalam's 'Turning Point' stirs fresh political debate", "text": "NEW DELHI: Lifting the suspense on a persistent conspiracy theory since the UPA came to power in 2004, former President A P J Abdul Kalam has revealed he was ready to swear in Sonia Gandhi as PM without the slightest hesitation despite intense lobbying against the Congress chief.Kalam was certain that Sonia would stake claim and had even kept a letter ready to invite her to form the government, but reworked it after she nominated Manmohan Singh.The revelation forms part of his book 'Turning Points\" that has stirred a fresh debate on the longstanding claim in certain quarters that Sonia's decision to renounce the PM's post was dictated by Kalam's reluctance to let her become the PM in view of her foreign origin.Sonia's foreign origin was the BJP's hot button agenda at the time, but Kalam recalls that if Sonia had staked a claim herself, he would have appointed her since doing otherwise would have been constitutionally untenable. He noted that several parties and leaders had come to him to urge him not to appoint Sonia as PM. He says in the book, \"If she had made any claim for herself I would have had no option but to appoint her.Congress said there was nothing new in the excerpts of Kalam's book since the Congress parliamentary party had elected Sonia as its leader and she would have been the PM if she had wished. \"However, it would possibly disabuse with finality the conspiracy theories of certain right wingers who constantly tilt at the windmills,\" AICC spokesman Manish Tewari said.While Kalam's revelations may puncture BJP's longstanding campaign on the 'foreign origin\" issue, they are bound to raise questions on why Congress did not back his candidature for President this month.Kalam found the backing of key political leaders like the Samajwadi Party and the Trinamool Congress this month during the UPA deadlock on the presidential candidate and Congress's opposition to his name was seen as possibly a reaction to claims he had been reluctant to swear in Sonia as PM.Congress sources dismissed the perception, saying Sonia knew claims of Kalam being averse to her as PM were false. They said that even if the book had come out earlier, it would not have influenced the final decision in favour of Pranab Mukherjee. Tewari said the decision was based on the \"time-honoured tradition of presidential process\".Talking about his 2004 meeting with Sonia, Kalam said, \"At the allotted time, 8.15 pm, Mrs Gandhi came to Rashtrapati Bhavan along with Dr Manmohan Singh. After exchanging pleasantries, she showed me letters of support from various parties. Thereupon, I said that is welcome. The Rashtrapati Bhavan is ready for the swearing-in ceremony at the time of your choice. That is when she told me that she would like to nominate Dr Manmohan Singh as the PM. This was definitely a surprise to me.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14537782", "title": "Like pizza, blood will ride in on a bike", "text": "MUMBAI: Public health minister Suresh Shetty said the DF government will soon announce the launch of a project that will try to break the stranglehold of private blood banks, which often artificially inflate rates during emergency and help citizens get required blood after only a phone call.Sometimes, hospitals ask patients' relative to arrange for blood. Blood banks tell them a particular group is not available. and The relative then has to start a fresh hunt for blood.Consumers even have had to pay exorbitant amount to get a specified blood packages. To make blood easily available and prevent malpractices, the government is working on a project, where blood will be delivered on a phone call,\" Shetty said. Modalities to implement the project are being worked out.\"The scheme will be launched on a pilot basis in two districts.\" . Later, it would be implemented across the state,\" Health department officials used the example of pizza delivery boys to explain the scheme. \"A special helpline number would be set up for 'dial-a-blood-bag' project. The moment someone places a request for blood, a person on two-wheeler will deliver it blood at the destination,\" a senior official said. \"There will be cold storage boxes fixed on the motorcycles to maintain the required temperature for the blood as it is delivered.\"Doctors and NGOs welcomed the initiative. \"The introduction of the new system will help patients' relatives as they will not have to run around to get required blood,\" said Dr Jayashree Sharma, head of department of the transfusion medicine department at KEM Hospital. But Vinay Shetty, vice-president of Think Foundation, an NGO working in the field of thalassaemia, said, \"Why should an individual dial for blood when the responsibility lies with hospital?Many hospitals insist on donors coming for blood and refuse to accept blood packs from banks. Will the government take action against them?\" He accepted the move will help break the \"alleged monopolies and cartel\" of blood banks to some extent.According to state statistics, nearly 275 blood banks are there in Maharashtra and 11.5 lakh units of blood are annually collected from donors. To ensure sufficient supply of blood packages in rural Maharashtra, the state has announced 12 mega blood banks. \"Every district will have one blood bank so that there is no shortage of blood,\" Shetty added.Plan For Blood 'Business'* Price control: Public health department has written to the Centre to cap the processing charges levied by blood banks. Blood is not a saleable commodity and cannot be traded, but it must have \"MRP-like tags\" so that those in the business do not fleece the needy* Easy availability of blood: Making blood available on a phone call", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14560058", "title": "Land trouble finally over for NIT Goa", "text": "PANAJI: Times of trouble seem to have come to an end for the National Institute of Technology in Goa (NITG). The way has finally been cleared for land for the NITG's new and permanent premises with the central government approving 50% reservation at the institute exclusively for Goans.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar , after assuming power in April this year, had refused to invest money in land for the NITG, unless the central government came out clear on its reservation policy.Until last year, the 50% reserved seats at NITG were shared by Goa with Dadra and Nagar Haveli and Daman and Diu. This meant that if in a particular year the candidates from the two union territories fare better, not even a single Goan student would lend a seat the NITG.Parrikar had said that the state's role would end at locating the land for the NIT and the institute would have to pay for the land if the 50% exclusive reservation was not approved for Goans by the central government.The NITG is presently functioning from the Goa Engineering College premises, located on the outskirts of Ponda city. The institute requires 300 acres of contiguous land, which has already been identified by the state for the NIT in Goa's southern most taluka of Canacona. However, Parrikar saw no point in investing in the land if there was no assured benefit to Goan aspirants.The chief minister's declaration had come as a shocker for the NIT which had major expansion plans in the offing in raising its student intake as well as adding more streams starting 2013.With the central government resolving the matter of reservation before the NITG's academic year could begin, the institute can finally hope for land for its new and permanent premises and it can also give flight to its expansion plans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14536217", "title": "'Uncertainty over state getting Jundal's custody'", "text": "MUMBAI: Despite the fact that the Maharashtra government submitted crucial inputs on alleged 26/11 handler Zabihuddin Ansari, alias Abu Jundal, which helped secure his arrest, there is uncertainty over whether the state's Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS) or the Mumbai Crime Branch will get his custody from central intelligences agencies.A senior Maharashtra official said that if the National Investigation Agency (NIA) takes custody of Jundal, then the Centre might not hand over his custody to the ATS, which is led by IPS officer Rakesh Maria, or the Crime Branch, which is headed by joint commissioner of police Himanshu Roy. However, the official added that the ATS and Crime Branch might be allowed to interrogate Jundal while he remains in the custody of central agencies.The Crime Branch had registered several criminal cases in the wake of the worst-ever terror attack on the metropolis on November 26, 2008. The NIA has sought Jundal's custody in a case involving him being part of a terror organization and organizing explosives for attacks in Delhi and Mumbai.The senior official pointed out that if the Centre gave Maharashtra custody of Jundal, there was the possibility of other states joining the queue. At least three more states, Karnataka, Gujarat and Uttar Pradesh, have reason to seek his custody. In Gujarat, for example, Jundal is accused in a blast at Ahmedabad railway station. For security reasons, the Centre may refuse to hand over his custody. \"We submitted a production warrant for Jundal's custody, but we did not succeed. Under such circumstances, we don't expect the Centre to oblige us,'' said the Maharashtra official.After Jundal's interrogation by the Delhi police and NIA, the Centre may allow his questioning by the state ATS, Crime Branch and other states in the presence of NIA sleuths. \"We expect the Delhi police to record his statement, confirm the information and hand him over to the NIA, which is looking into several blasts across the country. Then he could be interrogated by other agencies while remaining in NIA custody,\" he said.Jundal, a native of Beed in the Marathwada region, was arrested by the Delhi police on June 21 and since then special counsel Ujwal Nikam has been knocking on the Centre's doors for the terrorist's custody. Nikam handed over a production warrant to the Delhi police, but did not succeed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14538470", "title": "Heavy showers after a dry spell", "text": "NASHIK: Though Nashik district continues to wait for rains, the city received heavy showers, albeit for a short time, on Saturday giving some relief from the sweltering heat.With minimum temperatures hovering around 22 degrees Celsius over the last five days and maximum temperatures around 33 degrees Celsius, the city, which had been experiencing winds, gave way to slight rise in temperature after which it began pouring. Being a holiday on account of Ashadhi Ekadashi, schools and government offices remained closed for the day.Areas like Gangapur, Satpur and College Road experienced heavy showers, whereas areas like Indira Nagar, Nashik Road MERI received none.The meteorological department, with weather station at MERI, also did not receive rainfall. \"Cloud density defines the rain spell. We could see the clouds over western part of Nashik, but the rest of the areas were pretty much clear in the afternoon. However, there was a formationof clouds in the evening,\" an official of the department said.The meteorological department recorded 0.4 mm of rainfall for the day while humidity levels were up to 74 percent as compared to 64 percent in the evening on Friday. The humidity levels in the morning on Saturday and Friday was 78 and 77 percent, respectively. At the same time the wind speeds dropped from 16 kmph on Friday to 12 kmph on Saturday at the time of recording, the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14547075", "title": "AICTE to allow Jawaharlal Darda Institute of Engineering and Technology to admit students to academic year 2012-13", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court directed All India Council of Technical Education (AICTE) to allow Jawaharlal Darda Institute of Engineering and Technology at Yavatmal to admit students to academic year 2012-13, in the same intake capacity as they had done for 2011-12. The court also directed the AICTE To file an affidavit in response to a petition filed by the Education institution challenging the action of AICTE to not extend its approval for the college as the CBI had filed a chargesheet against the institute for failing to have required built-up area.The HC noted that the AICTE had cancelled the approval merely on the grounds that a chargesheet has been filed even when there was no independent finding that the institute was in fact at fault. \"As a matter of fact, prima facie, a report generated on 18 January 2012 would indicate that there are no deficiencies in staff or infrastructure,\" a bench of Justices D Y Chandrachud and R D Dhanuka said on June 29 while directing AICTE To grant approval for a year to the institute.Jawarlal Darda Education Society which runs the engineering institute had moved the HC against AICTE. The Institute's lawyers Pravin Samdani and Prateek Sekseria argued that there was urgency for the court to intervene as otherwise the college would not be able to function for 2012-13. They pointed out that the AICTE had in 1995 granted approval for setting up a new technical institute.The institute is a private unaided minority institution and conducts technical and engineering courses inYavatmal. It appears that at present, about 1,900 students are enrolled in the institute, the judges said in their order. On August 21, 2009 a surprise inspection took place by the CBI, when it was observed allegedly that the institute did not have the declared built-up area. The CBI registered an FIR and, afterinvestigation, a charge sheet has been filed on November 19, 2010. The charge sheet alleges that there was a deficiency in the built-up area to the extent of 6.5%. According to the Institute, the norms ofthe AICTE permit a condonation of a deficiency of 10% in the builtup area. Besides, its lawyers said the actual measurement during the surprise raid was incorrect and that the required built-up area was in existence.For academic year 2011-12, the AICTE withheld the Letter of Approval of extension and showed the approved intake capacity of the colege to be zero for all courses. The institute approached the HC last year and got relief last July when the court directed AICTE to allow it to function for 2011-12. The AICTE said rules mandate that no approval shall be given to the institution, where the CBI or any other Investigating Agency has initiated action for violation of the norms and standards or where inquiries are pending. The HC had however also said nothing precluded AICTE from initiating any further action after following principles of natural justice.On June 6, 2012, the AICTE issued a show cause notice to the institute for a hearing on June 8 and on June 28 declined the institute approval for 2012-13 citing the fact that the institute has been chargesheeted by the CBI and thus as per rules no approval could be granted, unless there was an acquittal order.Samdani said \" mere filing of a charge sheet, cannot be a ground to disable an institute from obtaining approval, without any violation being established in a Court of competent jurisdiction. It would otherwise amount to pre-judging the guilt of an institution irrespective of its defense and without any finding being arrived at in the course of a criminal trial which is pending.\" The HC bench of Justices D Y Chandrachud and R D Dhanuka said \"Prima facie, in our view at this stage, it appears that the approval for the previous academic year 2011-12 was sought to be withheld on the same ground. The HC Had last year noted that the Regional Committee of AICTE, which had inspected the institution, had in its report dated 18 June 2011 recommended the grant of approval of extension.\"The HC also noted that the AICTE in its Deficiency Report, which has been generated in January 2012, certified that there is no deficiency either in the faculty or in the facilities of the institute. The report contains a detailed elaboration of all the individual facilities including the class rooms, library and other amenities. \"The report would clearly indicate that no deficiency has been found ..and as regards the filing of a charge sheet, we are of the view , prima facie, that the violations which are referred to in the charge sheet, may independently form the basis of action which the AICTE may adopt at the departmental level. In other words, a violation may give rise to both, a criminal prosecution as well as the adoption of suitable steps by the AICTE under its enabling Regulations.\"The matter will next be heard on July 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14543381", "title": "Passport mela to be a daily affair in July", "text": "BANGALORE: Passport mela will be held daily for a month at the Regional Passport Office (RPO), Koramangala, beginning Monday.Applications for fresh passports and their reissue will be accepted in physical form from 9.30 am to 12pm on every working day. Around 200 applicants may be able to submit their documents daily.The applicants may fill up new application forms physically and visit the head office along with self-attested copies of requisite documents. They should carry original documents with them for verification. The requisite fee will be accepted either by cash or by DD payable to the Regional Passport Officer, Bangalore. The applicants will have to queue up for submitting applications, which will be accepted only after officials find them in order.The colour photographs should be recent, of 4.5 cm x 3.5 cm size and have a white background. The TOI campaign on the passport glitches has made the government put reforms on the fast track.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14538275", "title": "Panic in hospital after mysterious blast", "text": "KOLKATA: A flash and bang triggered panic at Chittaranjan National Medical College on Saturday morning. Two hospital sweepers were injured, sparking fears that it was a bomb but the authorities insist it was merely an accidental chemical explosion of 'carbide reacting with water'.Even if it was carbide, what was it doing in the OPD, ask some employees. The incident exposes how unsafe the hospital compound has become, they say. Forensic experts, too, are puzzled by the blast that shattered glass panes and even stopped a clock at 8.04am. Minister of state for health Chandrima Bhattacharya has ordered an inquiry by a five-member committee (apart from the police investigation) and asked for the report by Sunday.Putul Mullick, one of those injured, said that she and Amit Raut were sweeping the OPD corridor when his broom touched a polythene bag behind a trolley. There was a bang and Raut collapsed, with burns on his body. Something \"shot out of the polythene bag\" and hit Putul in the neck and face, she says.\"We saw Amit lying on floor. Patients were waiting outside the corridor,\" said hospital employee Basudeb Naiyya. Jyotirmoy Dutta, head of the ophthalmology department, said he found sulphur in Raut's eye wounds.Patients and hospital employees ran out in panic as the bomb disposal squad swept the area. Naiyya and some other employees claimed it was a bomb and showed some \"metal splinters\" but police did not find any evidence of it. \"If it was a bomb then splinters would have hit the wall and the trolley near the explosion site,\" said a bomb disposal officer. DC (Eastern Suburban Division) Saytajit Banerjee said there were no burn marks on the splinters.\"There was no bomb. It was carbide that mixed with water and initiated a chemical reaction,\" said Sidhhartha Chakraborty, medical college principal. But police are yet to confirm his theory. \"We found a bottle with some liquid that we have sent for tests,\" said an officer. The blast brought hospital activities to a halt for more than two hours.Trinamool Congress MLAs Nirmal Majhi and Swarnakamal Saha stood by the bomb theory. Fire services minister Javed Khan, however, didn't comment on the explosion. He only suggested a review of the hospital security system.Naiya, who was leading the group alleged that the entire hospital has turned into a safe haven of the anti-socials. \"Months before a baby was stolen from hospital. But even after that none has taken any initiative to stop criminal activities,\" said Naiya.The alarming blast just outside the out patient department has led to a raging controversy about its nature. While hospital sweepers and a section of the hospital staff held that it was a crude bomb dumped in the garbage, the college authority was quick to rule out the bomb theory. The medical college principal argued that carbide stacked somewhere had come in contact water leading to the spark and the blast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14552143", "title": "Why cherries should be your seasonal pick", "text": "They are not only delicious but also have many health benefits. Read on to find out more.Cherries are not only delicious to eat but are also good for your overall health. Studies have shown that when consumed they are beneficial for people suffering from arthritis, due to their anti-inflammatory properties. It has been recommended that arthritis patients should ideally drink sour cherry juice mixed with water thrice a day.In addition to this, other research also indicates that cherries lower the overall risk factor for heart disease and cholesterol. They are low in calories and rich in antioxidants, which makes it a great snack for people watching their weight. A cherry is made up of more than 75 per cent water. This water content makes cherries a perfect weight loss food as it makes you feel fuller. Researchers have also found that sweet cherries have a high level of an antioxidant called cyanidin, which can help fight cancer.Cherries contain melatonin, a hormone that regulates the body's sleep cycles and acts as a great sleeping aid. According to the California Cherry Advisory Board, eating 20 cherries is 10 times more effective that taking aspirin, as it acts as a pain reliever. Eating cherries also reduces the risk of diabetes .melissa.dcosta@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14538588", "title": "Man suffering from cancer commits suicide", "text": "KANPUR: A 50-year old man, who was suffering from cancer for the last few years, committed suicide by hanging himself from a tree at his native place in Billhaur.His body was spotted by the locals on Saturday morning. The people of the area informed the police. \"He was suffering from cancer, which was the main cause of his death. The deceased was identified as Suresh Katiyar,\" said a police official at Billhaur police station.According to the police, Katiyar was under depression because of his prolonged illness. The deceased has not left any suicide note or implicated anyone as the reason behind his extreme step, police said.The body was given to the family after the post-mortem. \"We have seen him in intense pain and he couldn't afford medical expenses,\" said a neighbour.In a separate incident Chakeri police on Saturday seized a DCM truck and recovered about 13 buffaloes, which were being brought from villages in the district for slaughtering.The cops told TOI that during a routine checking, the police in Ahirwan area intercepted the truck carrying cattles.Two persons identified as Mohd Arif and Sartaj, both residents of Chaubeypur were arrested in this regard, who on interrogation admitted that the cattles were being brought from nearby villages, and were on way to various slaughter houses in the district, the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14541791", "title": "Funfair owner held in Mayur Thakor death case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: City crime branch arrested one more person in Mayur Thakor death case late on Friday night.On June 24, nine-year-old Mayur, a resident of Chamundanagar, had been to Om Funfair near his residence in Naroda along with his elder brother. As per investigators, he got electrocuted near a ride and died on the spot. The funfair owners and workers then disposed of the body near Palanpur.\"We arrested the funfair owner Krunal Bhatt late on Friday night. Bhatt was involved in the plot to dispose of the body where he arranged for the vehicles and persons . He told us that he feared public ire after the incident. We have sealed the spot and also got the electric box near maut ka kuan ride examined by the forensic experts ,\" said a crime branch official.Earlier, city crime branch arrested Altaf Husain Ansari, Sattar Khan Pathan and Prakash Shinde in this connection. The trio said that Shaukat and Kunal, the two absconders in the case, had taken the body on a bike till Koba circle and then two other accused Mishra and Lala took the body in a car and buried it.Investigators said that Abdul Aziz Bagwan alias Kalwa, a giant wheel ride owner at the fair, became an important witness in the case who led police to the conspirators . In his statement, Kalwa mentioned that after the death, the owners decided to hide the body and information rather than going public with it. \"Search for other accused is on,\" said the official.SECOND POST-MORTEM CONDUCTEDA panel of doctors conducted a post-mortem on Mayur Thakor's body on Saturday. It was the second post-mortem after the first conducted at government hospital in Palanpur on Thursday. Police said that the reason for the second autopsy was to ascertain the time and the cause of death. The funfair owners have claimed that the boy died of electrocution and was then taken out for burial.WORKERS GET PROTECTIONA senior crime branch official said that soon after recovery of Mayur's body from Palanpur, city crime branch cordoned off the fair site and evacuated the 60-70 workers, as the cops feared that they would be attacked by nearby residents, most of them members of Thakor community. Police said that till further decision, the group will be kept at Gaekwad Haveli.200 WERE PRESENT WHEN MAYUR DIEDSources said that there were around 200 persons present at the funfair when the incident took place. Officials got the details of the ticket sales for Sunday and started investigation. \"The incident was made to look like an accident and Mayur was quickly taken to a nearby tent when people started to gather at the spot,\" said an investigator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14537978", "title": "Snags worsens power supply in Varanasi", "text": "VARANASI: Technical snags and local faults worsened power supply in different parts of the city as various areas witnessed prolonged power cut in the day on Saturday. The power hiccups left most of the residents sweating in the night.As per reports of PVVNL office, technical snags associated with 132 KV Bhikharipur and Ledhupur sub-stations caused unscheduled rostering while local faults disrupted power supply in various parts of the city in the day.The cis-Varuna areas especially the south city parts including Kabir Nagar feeder, VESU I and VESU II, Sarainanadan, Khojwan, Shankuldhara, Kolhua, Mahmoorganj and others remained affected due to frequent power cut. Similarly, heart of the city including Gadaulia, Chawk, Maidagin, Jagatganj, Ram Katora and adjoining areas also witnessed acute power crisis due to technical snags.The trans-Varuna areas including Pandeypur, Ashapur, Paharia, Bhojubir and Shivpur also witnessed additional power rostering. In most parts of the city, the dwindling power supply also disturbed water supply, as long queue of residents were seen near hand pumps and wells in the day.According to Alok Verma, chief engineer, Varanasi Zone (PVVNL), intensive efforts have been made to normalise the power supply and measures are being taken to curb local faults. The power demand has shot up and rostering on rotation basis is being done to safeguard overloaded feeders and transformers, he added on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14537203", "title": "Drive in schools against railway stunts", "text": "Mumbai: To discourage teenagers from travelling on rooftops of trains or performing stunts, the Railway Protection Force (RPF) has launched a special campaign in city schools where they distribute pamphlets bearing a graphic image of a victim and the punishment meted out by courts for the offence. This is in addition to a series of lectures that officials have been delivering in schools since last year. A majority of the offenders involved in rooftop travel and performing stunts are youngsters.\"We have distributed the pamphlets to students in 33 schools on the Central line so far and intend to cover at least 50 schools. Our officers have been instructed to focus on schools located on the harbour line as a majority of offences relating to rooftop travel and stunts are recorded on this stretch,\" said Alok Bohra, senior divisional security commissioner, RPF (CR). Besides the pamphlets, a two-page booklet containing do's and don'ts related to rail travel are also being distributed in three languages English, Hindi and Marathi.Apart from schools, the pamphlets and booklets are also being distributed amongst community groups and in slums at Mankhurd, Govandi, Chembur and Kurla. Since May, five cases were reported on the Central line where rooftop travellers sustained an electric shock. Three of these cases ended in fatalities. Recounting a case which occurred last week, a senior RPF official said, \"a commuter had been sleeping on the rooftop of a harbour local between Mankhurd and Masjid Bunder stations. When our personnel spotted him, they brought him down. It was learnt during investigation that he was a pickpocket who had been released from prison only a few days ago.\"The RPF's objective behind going to schools is to have a personal interaction with students. \"Most students told us they were unaware that performing stunts attracted a jail term besides a fine. We were shocked to learn that female students have also been trying to imitate their male friends in performing stunts. We tried to convince the students to refrain from such acts and dissuade their friends as well,\" an RPF official said. The RPF has also been asking students to tip them off if they come across anyone performing stunts on the railways. Through the students, officials also learnt that maximum cases of stunts are reported close to the ladies compartments and in the afternoon, when there is more space at the doorway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14539661", "title": "Presidential poll: Pranab meets DMK chief, kicks off campaign", "text": "CHENNAI: UPA presidential candidate Pranab Mukherjee kicked off his campaign in Chennai on Saturday by appealing to all to vote for him. He refused to give up hope of support from Trinamool Congress leader Mamata Banerjee , even though she is yet to spell out her stand after former President A P J Abdul Kalam decided not to contest.Speaking at the state Congress headquarters, Mukherjee parried a query as to whether he would reconsider the clemency petitions of former Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi's assassins after becoming President. Even as he said that the President's role was clearly spelt out in the Constitution and he would do only what was expected of him, home minister P Chidambaram, who was sitting beside him, shook his head dismissively.On the decision of some parties like the CPI and Vijayakanth's DMDK to boycott the presidential poll, Mukherjee said he had called upon all parties to extend support to him.After arriving from New Delhi, Mukherjee went to DMK chief M Karunanidhi's residence in Chennai, where the UPA ally gave him a grand reception. Later, the DMK hosted a dinner for the former Union finance minister at a star hotel, attended by all constituents of the UPA.On the reason for starting his election campaign from Chennai, Mukherjee said, \"DMK is a stable partner of the UPA-I and UPA-II. Therefore, it is quite natural I have started my campaign with the blessings and support of Dr Karunanidhi .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "14538957", "title": "Extradition delay of murder accused invites local ire", "text": "KANNUR: The action committee formed by the people of Kattampally in Kannur seeking the arrest of the accused in the Ramya murder case has alleged that the authorities are not serious about the extradition of the accused, who is in now in Interpol custody in Sharjah.\"Though the Interpol had reportedly taken Shammi Kumar, who allegedly killed his wife Ramya, into custody on May 31, the police here say that they got the information only on June 21, thus delaying the extradition process,\" said P Ramesh Babu, chairman of the action committee.The action committee said if authorities do not submit the required documents to the Interpol through the ministry of external affairs in time, the accused might go scot-free.\"Since the accused has been in the Interpol custody for one month, the police have requested them to extend the custody by another 10 days, but no one is sure whether if request would be accepted,\" said Ramesh.According to the action committee if the state government, the MEA and the police had acted vigilantly, Shammi Kumar could have been extradited long back.The action committee has decided to intensify its agitation and, as part of this, the committee has called a meeting on Tuesday, said Ramesh Babu. He said if anybody is helping the accused by delaying the extradition process, strict action should be taken against such people.Meanwhile, the police said they have got a warrant issued by the judicial first class magistrate court, Payyannur and the process to get the accused extradited is going on.It was on January 22, 2010 that the body of Ramya, a resident of Kattampally, was found hanging from the ceiling of a hotel room where the couple along with their daughter Keerthana had checked in two days back.However, the police could not arrest Shammi Kumar as he escaped to Sharjah immediately after the murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14557510", "title": "Odisha minister flouts tinted film rule", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Odisha forest and environment minister Debi Prasad Mishra was among scores of traffic rule offenders caught violating Supreme Court's verdict on the ban on use of tinted glass in cars in Bhubaneswar on Sunday.While the cops removed dark films from other cars, they let off the minister without even touching his car, triggering resentment among common violators. \"Nobody is above law. The police detained our cars and removed dark films. But they spared the minister's car and allowed him to go with full honour,\" said Prafulla Hota, a motorist.During the launch of the awareness drive on Tuesday, Bhubaneswar DCP Nitinjeet Singh had told media persons that police would not exempt any VVIP during enforcement. \"We allowed the minister's car to go after he promised to remove the dark film from his official car. We have requested him to wipe out the film soon,\" additional DCP (traffic) Nirmal Satapathy told TOI. Mishra said he would remove the film soon and sped away from the scene. The cabinet minister was found on the wrong track near Red Cross Bhawan during the maiden drive by traffic police to enforce the 'tinted glass' ban. After a few days of sensitization the police finally cracked the whip on motorists who were found to be still using tinted films on the windscreens and window panes of their vehicles.However, on day one, the police simply removed the dark films. \"We will initially remove the dark films. After a few days, we will start imposing fine of Rs 500 on violators,\" Satapathy said. Nearly two hundred cars were intercepted by police at important junctions in city. Police purposely removed portions of films, making vehicles look ugly and forcing motorists to go to nearby garages to peel off the remaining layers.To prevent 'car crimes' the apex court in its April 27 ruling banned the use of black films beyond the prescribed visible light transmission (VLT) limit. Under the Central Motor Vehicle Rules 1989, glasses of windscreen and rear windows of vehicles should have a VLT specification of 70 per cent. For side windows, it should be at least 50 per cent. Police said the drive in future would be conducted at places where there would be no scope for the traffic to be held up. The focus would be more on conducting checks during non-peak hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14536098", "title": "Rewa student arrested for threatening Uma Bharti", "text": "BHOPAL: A college student, who allegedly made threat calls to senior BJP leader and the former state chief minister Uma Bharti, was arrested from Rewa district on Saturday. Police seized more than two dozen SIM cards from his possession.On the basis of location of his mobile phone, the police tracked down Manish Mishra, a post graduate student of a local college in Rewa. The accused is being brought to Bhopal where a case was registered against him at the Shamla Hills police station on June 28 following the complaint of the BJP leader's personal staff.Inspector general of police (Rewa range) G R Meena told TOI that the Bhopal police would carry out further investigation. Asked about the motive behind making abusive and threat calls, he said it appeared that Mishra had gone to Charkhari assembly constituency from where Uma Bharti had contested the assembly polls in Uttar Pradesh. \"He apparently wanted to be close to the BJP leader during the campaign but her staff and security personnel kept him aloof\", he said.\"Frustrated on being ignored, Mishra started making abusive and threat calls to the former chief minister,\" the police official said.Meena said the accused is the brother-in-law of a former state assembly secretariat official Satya Narayan Sharma. The SIM used by Mishra was procured producing fake identity documents. It was registered on the name of a woman, Meera Bai.Police detected the case on the basis of the list of phone calls made from the number. One of the numbers in the list turned out to be of his sister, who is the wife of former state assembly official. She later told the police that the number in question was in possession of her brother Manish Mishra.Besides, facing the charges of making threat calls to the leader, the accused would also be booked under other charges for procuring SIM using a fake identity, the police said.Police said the accused is apparently habitual of making pesky calls as a lady sub divisional magistrate (SDM) and a lady police inspector used to get such calls from his mobile.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14538765", "title": "Only 2 out of 2,500 schools apply for RTE", "text": "NAGPUR: While the mammoth Right To Education (RTE) Act's implementation is being pushed through by state government from this academic year itself, local authorities are struggling to find support from schools. On Saturday the deadline to apply for a certificate of recognition (COR) ended but only two out of the approximately 2,500 schools in the district had sent in their application. The COR is a mandatory document for all schools regardless of the board they are affiliated to.Someshwar Netam, education officer (primary), is the person in-charge of the entire operations and he too was displeased with the response. \"We had informed all schools well in advance but only two of them have applied so far, one is South Point School from the state board and there is another CBSE school. My department has been giving out all the necessary information to schools and have always been very open in communication, I don't understand why the hesitation still exists,\" said Netam.TOI spoke to some top schools in city and after knowing the severity of the problem but none of them wanted to come on record. A principal said, \"We were all busy with the beginning of new academic session. And there are so many rules under the RTE that it becomes very confusing. We are gathering all the documents required for COR and will submit our application soon. As it is, we have just managed to tide over the 25% free quota clause under the law and now they are hounding us for this new COR.\"While schools may be taking this clause lightly for now, many are not aware of the importance that RTE gives to COR. Chapter I, section 18 of the RTE explicitly mentions that schools will be fined up to Rs1 lakh if they operate without a valid COR, and then further a penalty of Rs10,000 per day if the violations continue. The local education office has been given the powers to withdraw the recognition of schools if the institute fails to obtain a COR for the current academic year.The deputy director of education Mahesh Karajgaonkar said, \"We will be issuing notices to all those schools who failed to meet the deadline. RTE is the law now and there is absolutely no reason for schools to shy away. The recognition of schools can be cancelled if they fail to meet the norms.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14548703", "title": "'Kevi Rite Jaish' team visits Vadodara", "text": "The makers of Kevi Rite Jaish had a hard time to ensure that the film was screened at multiplexes, but the scenario has changed completely post its release. The film's roaring success is being seen as a big boost for Gujarati films and the cast of the movie is now visiting different cities in the state to interact with fans.Recently, Divyang Thakkar and Veronica Gautam, the lead pair of the film, visited Vadodara and they first went to the Faculty of Journalism and Communication (FJC), M S University, to interact with the students.It was a productive session and they discussed at length about the film and state of the Gujarati film industry. Later, talking to us, Veronica said, \"It was a nice experience to chat with the students and it was pleasing to find out that they are so eager to learn about new things. Besides, I love coming to Vadodara because I just love the garbas here, with the United Way garba being my favorite. I also love the fascinating sculptures and statutes at the traffic islands here.\"Divyang added, \"I stay in Mumbai and so, coming to a quiet, peaceful city like Vadodara is always a pleasing experience. I would love to come here more often.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14554541", "title": "SP Balu plays a cameo in Eega", "text": "Singer SP Balasubramanyam is playing a cameo in Rajamouli's graphical extravaganza \"Eega\". Sources say that the actor-music director-producer has essayed a guest role in Eega and his character, although small, has been kept under the wraps by director Rajamouli.On the flip side, Eega is gearing for simultaneous release in Telugu and Tamil on July 6 with maximum number of prints. Eega has Nani, Sudeep and Samantha playing the lead roles and director Rajamouli is leaving no stone unturned to make the film a super hit. MM Keeravani's music has already received great feedback particularly the title track.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14552227", "title": "NSG to pull out 900 commandos from VIP security for counterterror operations training", "text": "NEW DELHI: For the first time in many years, the country's elite counterterror force NSG has decided to pull out its over 900 commandos rendering VIP security duties and put them to perform specialist counterterror and counterhijack operations.The 'black cat' commandos of the National Security Guard (NSG) are segregated into five units, two special action groups (SAGs) manned by officers and jawans from the Army and three SRGs (Special Rangers Groups) comprising personnel from paramilitary forces.While each of the two SAGs (51 and 52) are tasked for counter-terror and counter-hijack operations respectively, the SRGs (11,12 and 13) render logistical support to the SAGs during operations and are deployed for guarding high-risk VIPs/VVIPs.Each unit has about 900 personnel. According to the new blueprint prepared by the commando force under its last director general Rajan K Medhekar, the 11 SRG will be taken out from its present task and converted into a regular SAG-like unit for undertaking specific counter-terror operations.The new NSG chief Subhash Joshi has also put his officers on job to accomplish the task.Sources privy to the development said the contingency force, with 15 VIPs/VVIPs under its security cover at present, has the lowest number of protectees after many years and the force decided to use this opportunity to return to its original charter of performing counter-terror, counter-hijack, hostage rescue and sky-marshalling duties onboard aircrafts.\"Two SRGs are enough for catering to the present number of protectees,\" they said.NSG was raised under an Act of the Parliament in 1984 as a federal contingency force.The commandos of the SRG unit will now be given extensive training in counter-terror operations by the Force Commander and IG (Training), both Brigadier and Major General rank officials of the NSG based at its garrison at Manesar in Gurgaon near here.The plan, according to sources, is to raise this squad by next year and once the training is done the commandos of this new unit would only perform combatterror operations.\"Considering NSG's expansion to the new hubs and keeping in mind the emerging trends in terrorism, the force needs more strength of commandos to undertake counterterror operations,\" a senior NSG official said.NSG commanders, according to the blueprint, foresee an event where simultaneous attacks could be launched at multiple centres in the country and then the commandos will have to be rushed in different directions.\"The 26/11 Mumbai attack involved about 400 commandos in three days. Considering we have multiple terror hits at one go, we need to have a good number of fighting commandos and some in the reserves to replace them,\" they said.The force also expects that with central paramilitary forces like CRPF, CISF and ITBP increasingly taking the load of VIP security, it could, in some more time, cull out the 12 SRG in a similar fashion to be deployed for counterterror operations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14543004", "title": "Madurai ?Facebook initiative already a hit", "text": "MADURAI: Dear Mishra Sir, you should go for a raid in all colleges and schools. Why are they not taking classes? If we question them, they are playing with our marks sir, vents Biaz Ahmmed, a young software engineer.\"The cement cover slab on the storm water drain at the junction of Doaknagar Main Road and sixth street has caved in exposing two-wheelers to the risk of falling into the hole. Further garbage is being dumped into the opening creating a stench and serious health hazard. Please do the needful - this is by Kasi Jagadeeschand, a senior citizen.\"I will be glad if you organise an industrialist meet to discuss how to enhance industrial activity in this region,\" writes A Selvaraj, former president of Madurai District Tiny and Small Scale Industries Association.For those wondering what this is all about, these are some of the posts in the Facebook page of the Madurai district administration. The Facebook initiative by the district administration has drawn an overwhelming response. Three days after the page was launched by collector Anshul Mishra, a number of people - ranging from college students, businessmen, academicians have visited the page and flooded it with congratulatory messages, not to mention the complaints. The complaints range from the charge that the ration shop staff are denying goods, to a resident demanding removal of garbage in his locality. Suggestions to improve the city have also started flowing in.Mishra says that the complaints received through FB would be constantly tracked by a collectorate staff entrusted with the job. \"The complaints would be followed by and the public would be given a reply whenever required. The objective behind the initiative is purely for facilitating interaction between the administration and public to bringing transparency into the system,\" he says.The FB users have already started receiving online response from the collector.To Biaz Ahmmed's another post urging for efforts to shelter wandering mentally ill in the city, the collector has replied him to contact phone numbers 0452 2521444 and 0452 2526888 immediately and inform them if he comes across such persons.And there are enough signs that it is already a hit. There are complaints, requests and suggestions pertaining to removal of garbage, enforcement of traffic regulations, overcrowding of private school vans, speeding buses, implementation of helmet rule, a manhole left open and lose of green cover in the city for laying of roads. Many have also posted their messages in Tamil. A complaint on traffic menace at the bridge on Jail Road also has an accompanying photograph.\"I have known many of my relatives who had visited the collectorate for one reason or the other to meet the officials. But more often than not they received a bitter experience. Now, the social networking initiative by the district administration has not only enabled us to air our grievances but also ensured that our complaints are there for all to see, including officials of other departments concerned,\" says B Nagaraj, a middle-level professional in a private company.Though a FB user also posted a message asking users whether \"Spain will win Euro cup?\" the page was devoid of more such posts as the collector has already urged not to post unimportant issues, personal wishes and abusive language.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14557967", "title": "Summer vacation of pre-primary and primary classes extended by one week", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Due to scorching heat, Chandigarh Administration has decided to extend the summer vacations for pre-primary and primary classes in all the schools of Chandigarh by a week and the schools for these classes will now reopen on July 9. However, the vacation schedule for other classes (VIth to XIIth) will remain the same i.e. these classes will commence from July 2, 2012.Further, it has been decided that for classes 6th to 12th, the school timings will be from 7.30am to 1pm till July 7, 2012. The morning assembly for these classes will remain suspended till July 7.The teaching and non-teaching staff will attend the schools from July 2 onwards as per the re-scheduled timings. The Heads of all the schools are directed to start some faculty development program for the Pre-Primary and Primary teachers during these days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14552561", "title": "Exercise and dieting cuts heart disease risk", "text": "Adding exercise to a weight loss program like dieting has more benefit for obese older adults who want to reduce their chances of developing the metabolic syndrome, scientists say.The results of the study show that a combination of diet-induced weight loss and frequent exercise almost doubles the improvement in insulin sensitivity compared with dieting alone.The metabolic syndrome is a cluster of metabolic problems that raise the risk of Type 2 diabetes and heart disease - abdominal obesity as shown by a large waist circumference, disturbed lipids, high blood pressure and high blood sugar.Although it is known that weight loss can reduce these risk factors, the most appropriate lifestyle treatment for obesity in older adults has been controversial, presenting author Matthew Bouchonville said.\"It was not clear from prior studies in obese elderly adults whether the beneficial effects of diet and exercise are distinct from each other or have additive effects,\" Bouchonville, from the University of Mexico Health Sciences Center and the New Mexico Veterans Affairs (VA) Health Care System in Albuquerque, said.The researchers investigated the independent and combined effects of diet-induced weight loss and regular exercise in a one-year randomized controlled clinical trial, funded by the National Institute on Aging.They randomly assigned 107 obese adults aged 65 and older to one of four groups - weight management using a calorie-restricted diet, exercise without dieting, combined dieting with exercise, and controls.The primary outcome analyzed was the degree of change in the insulin sensitivity index. Insulin sensitivity is the body's ability to successfully clear glucose from the bloodstream and is often impaired in obese people.This index was measured from the oral glucose tolerance test, a blood test for diabetes after the patient drinks a sugary drink.Ninety-three participants completed the study. In the intention-to-treat analysis of all 107 subjects, the insulin sensitivity index did not improve in the exercise-alone group or the controls.This index did improve on average by 40 percent in the diet group and by 70 percent in the combined diet-exercise group after controlling for relevant covariates, Bouchonville reported.\"This suggests a distinct complementary effect of exercise on diet-induced weight loss,\" he said.Weight loss by diet alone also led to improvements in blood pressure and C-reactive protein. Without weight loss, exercise did not result in improvement in these risk factors, Bouchonville said.Other measures that did not improve in the exercise-only group or the controls but did improve in the other two groups included glucose and insulin response to the oral glucose tolerance test, waist circumference, deep belly fat, triglycerides and adiponectin.Adiponectin is a protein produced in fat cells that improves insulin sensitivity.The findings of the study will be presented on Saturday at The Endocrine Society's 94th Annual Meeting in Houston.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14536122", "title": "One-year internship programme at Jawaharlal Nehru Cancer Hospital and Research Centre from 2013", "text": "BHOPAL: The Jawaharlal Nehru Cancer Hospital and Research Centre (JNCHRC) would offer a one-year Medical physics internship programme from 2013. The atomic energy regulatory board recognised the internship programme at JNCHRC early this month. Candidates qualifying the medical physics programme from 2013 would be recognised as a medical physicist. Universities and institutions conducting physics and radiation physics programmes can benefit from the internship programme.Exhibition held: The Third Project Exhibition 2012-13 was held on the premises of St Montfort School here on Saturday. The chief guest at the programme was Bhim Bhai Patel, deputy commissioner, panchayat and rural development department.Short-term training prog: MANIT's department of electrical engineering will organise a short-term training programme on 'Evolutionary computing and simulation techniques in engineering applications' from July 2. The programme is designed to understand new interdisciplinary subject of complexity and evolutionary computation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "14541875", "title": "HDK seeks guv's intervention", "text": "HUBLI: JD(S) leader H D Kumaraswamy on Saturday urged the governor to interfere in the state matters and warn the ministers to give up squabbling and focus on development works.Speaking to the reporters here on Saturday, Kumaraswamy attacked the BJP government for indulging in political gimmicks and ignoring the development of the state. He said the government should be dissolved with immediate effect. Regarding the resignation of ministers he said it is nothing but a tact to pressurize the BJP high command to change leadership in the state.Replying to a query Kumarswamy said there is no question of the JD(S) supporting the BJP in the state. \"I will tour north Karnataka in the next five months to strengthen our party in the state,\" he said.Kumaraswamy ridiculed chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda saying that the CM is planning to enter the Guinness records by holding the maximum number of departments in the state. He clearly said that JD(S) doors closed for those who have left the party and joined other parties, but the party welcomes those from smaller parties willing to join JD(S).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14539969", "title": "Delhi University: Few seats but food aplenty", "text": "NEW DELHI: On the next trip to north campus, grab a plate of LOL (fancy name for specially-treated instant noodles) at a Kamala Nagar food joint. Or bite into mutton dosa at the canteen at Delhi School of Economics. North Campus, thankfully, is good for a lot more than lectures and degrees. The canteens and the closest market at Kamala Nagar offer a host of interesting eateries that cater to the young and impecunious.There are the standard-issue coffee bars, of course, but in this part of town, they face stiff competition from such stalwarts as J P Tea Stall and Nandu ki Chai.\"Since summer is at its peak, we have added masala-coke and iced-tea to our menu,\" says Jai Prakash, of the J P Tea Stall, who operates from just outside the DSE canteen. His is an immensely popular joint with students flitting about it all day.Nandu of \"Nandu ki Chai\" quit long ago but he has evidently left his mark. This tea stall outside the Law Faculty canteen is a must-visit. Students from all colleges - seniors and juniors - gather here for chai and chinwag. They can spend hours at it; and the owner Bunni Lal doesn't mind. \"This place should be renamed \"Talks over tea\",\" says law-student Premanshu Kumar.As far as food-cum-chat hubs go, few can match the DSE canteen, say students. Diwan Singh Rawat, working at the DSE canteen for over two decades says his clients love the mutton-dosa and jelly-cream best. Little has changed here except the prices, raised by a nominal amount every year, and the name - it was once Indian Coffee House.\"It's reasonable and the egg-rice and cheese-omelette are fabulous,\" says Law Faculty student, Mahesh Singh. A plate of egg-rice comes for Rs 20, mutton-dosa for Rs 18. The owner, Ambernath Gupta, is fondly called \"dada.\"Another must-visit is \"Chache di hatti\". The chhole-bhaturas of this 40-year-old eatery has delighted the palates of many generations of students. It gets very crowded and there are separate lines for men and women. \"We open at 10 in the morning and everything is over by three,\" says the owner Parveen Saluja. Visitors also swear by the kulfi-faluda at Vaishnav Chaat Bhandar at Kamala Nagar though it's most famous for its golgappas and bhalle.Kamala Nagar has several newer joints to offer. One of the funkier ones is FYI...It's Maggii serving - you guessed it - Maggi. Its menu - including items such as Maggi-kebabs and Maggi rolls -- can double as a dictionary of SMS-slang. Dishes have name like LOL (\"laugh out loud\") and TTYL (\"Talk to You Later\"). For a slurp of a cooling drink, one can go to Cafe Organia or Chill-m, both on Bungalow Road. They both specialize in shooters and mocktails and Chill-m allows you to play board games if your bill crosses Rs 300.Close to north campus, the Tibetan market of Majnu ka Tila attracts students over the weekends. Its Hot Yak Cafe is open till late at night and students drop in for the many special offers. In summer, it has chicken cold noodles and cold coffee. At the 20-year-old Tee Dee Restaurant, chicken sausages and fruit beer are most popular.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14539229", "title": "Rs 11.21L loot a cakewalk for robbers", "text": "AHMEDABAD: They came, they saw and they robbed - this is how Canara Bank staffers described the robbery of Rs 11.21 lakh from their Odhav branch on Saturday afternoon. Police are now searching for the history-sheeters with similar modus operandi to crack the case.Odhav police officials said the incident took place at 1 pm on Saturday at Canara Bank's Odhav branch in Soni ni Chali area. As per the statement of Jabbarsingh Varun, the bank manager, the banking hours were over at 12.30 pm and four bank employees including him, a cashier, a clerk and a helper had stayed back to tally the accounts.\"At 1 pm, a youth in his mid 20s entered the bank talking on a cellphone. The staff members told him that the bank was closed and that he could come on Monday for any transaction. He went away and after a while, returned with a handkerchief wrapped around his face. He was armed with a country-made gun. Soon, he was joined by two other youths who had also covered their faces,\" said an Odhav police official.The robbers instructed the four to go in the manager's cabin stand facing the wall. A youth kept an eye on them, while two others went to the cashier's desk and extracted all the cash in a black bag and signaled the others to follow. After the crime, the trio ran out and zoomed off on a bike.\"The staff was so frightened that the manager triggered the alarm five minutes after the trio left. However, by that time, they had already vanished from the spot. The bank located on the first floor didn't have any security guard and relied on the building's watchman who had gone for lunch. The bank also didn't have CCTV. We believe that the first youth conducted the recce and asked his two accomplices to follow him,\" said the official.Senior police officials visited the site along with forensic science experts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14536699", "title": "Old and injured animals in Thiruvananthapuram zoo to lead a quiet, retired life", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The aged and the ailing exhibits of Thiruvananthapuram zoo will soon resign from their roles. An off exhibit corner will come up at the zoo exclusively for the old, injured animals who are still on display, along with other healthy animals. The zoo authorities are now preparing the list of animals that need to be housed in the off exhibit corner.The decision follows the directive of central zoo authority officials who had visited the zoo in connection with the approval of the master plan.\"They have told us not to exhibit animals that are weak or sick. It would create a negative impression among the visitors. We would now set up a separate corner within the zoo premises for these animals. The list is being prepared and work will begin by next month,'' a zoo official said.As per the guidelines of central zoo authority (CZA), every zoo is responsible not to display its sick animals. According to recognition of zoo rules, 2009, every zoo shall refrain from display of sick, injured, infirm and tethered animals to the visitors and such animals shall be housed in off-display facilities specially earmarked for and providing appropriate upkeep and healthcare for such animals. The CZA officials have already earmarked some space for setting up the off-exhibit facility in Thiruvananthapuram zoo.\"As of now there are not many sick animals in the zoo. There are some aged animals which will soon be shifted to the new facility,\" said a zoo official. Hippopotamus, zebra, Himalayan black-bear have already been included in the list of animals to be housed in the off-exhibit corner.The officials are also planning to set up a satellite zoo at Ponmudi. \"The government is thinking about acquiring some ideal space at Ponmudi so that some of the animals can be moved there. We have already been asked to control the number of deers in the zoo,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "kokata", "code": "14538379", "title": "UBI launches software to combat cyber fraud", "text": "Kokata: One among the several branches of the United Bank of India in the city has come up with a state-of-the-art Security Operation Centre (SOS) to combat cyber fraud related to banking. Sanjay Chatterjee, a net savvy IT professional had got a mail from his bank to update his information in its website whose link was attached. Chatterjee shared his details and next day he found that the entire balance was transferred from his account. This type of cyber fraud is quiet com-mon now-a-days with the increase in net banking. United Bank of India, the city based bank launched a state of the art Security Operation Centre (SOC) to combat such fraud.This is the first time in the country that a bank is claiming that the system will could actually be able to pre-empt fraud transactions and prevent it which would be first time in the country.\"We will be able to track all irregularities in the system be it phishing or , trojan and hacking in the shortest span of time. UBI is the first Kolkata based bank to introduce this system,\" chairman and managing director Bhaskar Sen said.He pointed out that there has been a significant jump in business in the cyber mode over last one year which has necessitated the introduction of such a system. \"Cyber transaction is on a rise. In March 2011, around 12% of our transaction was in electronic mode. It has more than doubled to 25% in one year. We have set a target of 40% transactions through e-mode by end of this fiscal. It would help to reduce transaction cost,\" he added.According to Sen, HP has developed the software for UBI and the system integration was done by Wipro. TNNRathin De, the general manager of IT, ADC and CMS said that the banks are increasingly becoming expose to cyber fraud. \"We are introducing ultra small branches in remote villages. Our core business solutions ( CBS ) will be exposed to internet through ultra small branches. The security system will be such that it would alert for any hacking or phishing, De added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14538274", "title": "Buddha idol stolen in Kapil Nagar", "text": "NAGPUR: An idol of Lord Buddha was found to be stolen from a Buddha Vihar at Kapil Nagar on Saturday evening. The one-and-half feet brass metal idol was stolen from the altar. Police said the door of the prayer hall of the Vihar was kept open to facilitate devotees paying their obeisance before the lord. The theft came to notice in the evening. The rest of the valuables on the altar were not touched. Jaripatka police has registered an offence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14540066", "title": "Noida chief to probe farmhouse allotment", "text": "LUCKNOW: Over a month after promising to take strict action against the irregular allotment of farmhouses in Noida, the UP government has cracked the whip on Noida Authority chairman Rakesh Bahadur and asked him to turn in a detailed preliminary investigation report within 15 days.On May 15, the government had ordered probe into the scam that took place during the BSP regime, where agricultural land was acquired in 12 villages of Noida in violation of the industrial development policies and later used for allotting 10,000 sq m farmhouses to companies and individuals.Bahadur, who was to head the probe, was asked to submit a report in seven days. A week later, however, government sources said the report was delayed because of a decision to hand over charge of the investigation to a higher authority.Though Bahadur had earlier sent a page-long report to the UP government on the anomalies that occurred in the allotment of farmhouse plots, he tried to shy away from heading a thorough investigation because of a pending enforcement directorate inquiry against him. On Friday, the Allahabad HC also asked the government to review its decision to appoint Bahadur as chairman, Noida Authority, because of his alleged involvement in a land scam during his previous tenure in Noida.Though a final decision to replace Bahadur as the head of the probe panel was lying with CM Akhilesh Yadav for over a month, the government has now decided to ask Bahadur to go ahead with investigation and file a detailed preliminary report. Confirming the development, Infrastructure and Industrial Development commissioner A K Gupta said, \"Bahadur has been asked to give us a detailed report on the farmhouse allotment issue. Based on the prima facie evidence in the detailed report, the government may decide to hand over further probe to an external agency.'' Senior officials also said the government had nearly made up its mind to hand over the probe to the Lokayukta. A formal decision, however, will only be announced after Bahadur submits his preliminary report.In May, the UP government instituted an inquiry after it came to light that the BSP regime allotted about 150 farmhouses of 10,000 sq m each to 120 companies and 29 individual applicants. The companies and individuals in possession of the landholdings have, however, constructed motels, banquet halls and swimming pools on the farmland.Under the original scheme, agricultural land was meant to be acquired for planned industrial development in keeping with Noida's Master Plan for 2021. For this, the UP government even pressed into service the controversial Emergency clause to ensure the land was acquired quickly and without any objections from the public. Agricultural land was acquired from 12 villages in Noida, including Asadullahpur, where acquisition was cancelled by the HC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "14542955", "title": "FIR filed against constable for cheating engineer", "text": "TRICHY: An FIR has been filed by the city crime branch against a constable attached to the Cantonment police station on June 27 for cheating an engineer to the tune of Rs 36 lakh. Last year, the Cantonment police started investigation against constable Balamurugan following an order by the Madurai bench of the Madras high court on September 29.It was alleged that Balamurugan, while applying for anticipatory bail then, had submitted forged bank counterfoils to prove that he repaid a total of Rs 9.26 lakh in two instalments towards partial settlement to S M Ananda Padmanaban, the engineer's mother, Malliga through a bank. But now, it has come to light that the payment had actually been made to Malliga by Padmanaban's elder brother S M Legarajan, and the original counterfoils had been altered to show as if Balamurugan himself paid the amount. The complainant also claimed that departmental action had been taken 12 times against Balamurugan in the past, and this he came to know through an RTI reply.Police said the brothers, Legarajan and Ananda Padmanaban themselves befriended Balamurugan to start a real estate business. They floated Sri Atchaya Land Promoters in Trichy and paid Rs 25 lakh to buy a land from one Pazhaniappan who had contested as an independent candidate from Viralimalai constituency during the last general election. It later transpired that the sale deed of the seven-acre of land in Nagamangalam (on Trichy-Madurai Road) was registered in the name of Usha Bhai, wife of Balamurugan.When the true colours of Balamurugan were exposed, the brothers filed a complaint against him with the then police commissioner Masanamuthu last year. Since no action was taken against the constable by the Cantonment police station where he was then attached, the brothers moved the Madurai bench. Fearing arrest, Balamurugan applied for anticipatory bail and got it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14541827", "title": "Mayur cremated, probe promised", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It was a charged atmosphere when the body of nine-year-old Mayur Thakor was brought to Chamundanagar from Civil Hospital for his last rites. More than 300 policemen were deployed in the area to avert any untoward incident. The cremation was completed at noon after which the Thakor community members met to discuss the future course of action.On June 24, Mayur had gone to a funfair near his residence where he died after which his body was buried near Palanpur. On Friday, a team of city police along with Mayur's parents went to Palanpur and took custody of the body. The body was sent for postmortem at Civil Hospital. The body, wrapped in a white cloth, came to the area at 11am, mainly for his mother Jyotsnaben to see her deceased son. More than 2,000 community members participated in the procession.Earlier, a group of 50 to 60 people had approached Naroda police station at 8am and demanded justice. Senior police officials were present. The group had threatened to stall the cremation if justice was not promises. They said that the funfair organizers should be brought to book and proper investigation should be carried out to ascertain the circumstances that led to Mayur's death. After getting the assurance that police will probe the matter, the group dispersed.Niraj Badgujar, deputy commissioner of police, Zone IV, told TOI that adequate personnel were deployed in the area to avert any untoward incident.Funfair asked to pack upOm Funfair at Naroda lake area has been on target of the Thakor community for past two days and has been given police protection. Officials have asked the organizers to wrap up the rides and leave the area. \"The licence of the fair was cancelled on Friday. We have given two days to the organizers to leave as we want to avert any clash between locals and organizers,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14538167", "title": "Panchkarma of Banaras Hindu University to promote medical tourism", "text": "VARANASI: The revamped Panchkarma division under the Department of Kayachikitsa, Faculty of Ayurveda in Banaras Hindu University is all set to bolster medical tourism in the city, which is believed to be home of Ayurveda greats like Sushruta and Charak.While BHU V-C, Dr Lalji Singh would unveil the revamped Panchkarma centre on Sunday (July 01), the centre is gearing to provide healing touch to number of patients from near and far away places in the country and abroad.It may be mentioned here that Institute of Medical Sciences (IMS), BHU has signed an agreement with Kerala based Ayurvedic company to extend expertise in the field of manufacture of ayurvedic drugs and Faculty of Ayurveda, BHU would ensure monitoring under public private partnership (PPP) model. While over three-decade-old division (established in 1980) is witnessing collaboration with Kerala Ayurvedic Ltd (a century-old Kochin-based pioneering Ayurveda centre that has over 40 international ayurvedic outlets in the world), the move is promising to expand the potential of one of the oldest components of medical system besides paving the way for garnering revenue through medical tourism in the city, which is already one of the favorite destinations for domestic and foreign tourists.According to Prof TM Mohapatra, director, IMS, BHU, the agreement has already witnessed infrastructural development at Panchkarma unit under the Faculty of Ayurveda. He also emphasized that initiative would ensure availability of quality raw materials and processed materials to come up with quality ayurvedic medicines in the region.It is also worth mentioning that Kerala has already emerged as major centre for medical tourism, attracting a large number of foreign and domestic visitors to the state. The field has made significant contribution for promoting tourism potential in the region with specialization in Panchkarma and other practices of Ayurveda.As per Prof SK Tiwari, head, Department of Kayachikitsa and co-ordinator, Panchkarma division, BHU, the age-old practices involved in Panchkarma have already attracted a number of chronic patients across the country to the centre and the collaboration with Kerala company would definitely bolster the potential of the discipline with attractive packaging. The practice promises to provide respite from chronic pain including cancer and disc-prolapse and better packaging and facilities at the centre would attract even foreign visitors and patients, making it a truly global centre for medical tourism, he added.As per reports from the department, the unit has made rapid strides in the age-old practices of Panchakarma, carving a niche in different methods and techniques practiced by Ayurveda greats like Sushruta and Charak.Now, cases of chronic pain including disc prolapse, cervical spondylitis, lumbar pain, arthritis, elephantiasis and others are successfully treated with Panchakarma. Apart from patients from neighbouring regions including East UP, Bihar, MP, Chhattisgarh, a number of patients from West UP and Delhi also visit the unit.Some of the special treatment methods offered at the unit include Agnikarma (shalaka treatment) involves precise touch of red hot metal tube (pointed at one end) at specific points to give relief from pain. Besides, leaves of Aloevera and Trifala are also used to provide instant relief in superficial burn.Conditions like arthritis, spondylitis, filaria, sciatica and muscular spasm are also treated using Agnikarma.Similarly, special methods including kativasti that witness placing of lukewarm medicated oil in metallic pan over the body that is fixed in a mixture of wheat and gram flour, is also used for treating disc prolapse, muscular spasm and ligament injury. Other practices including Nariswedan that involves treatment with vapours of medicated decoction passed through tubular pipe also provides respite from chronic pain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14537463", "title": "\u2018Public should directly elect the mayor\u2019", "text": "KOCHI: The mayor would be able to function more efficiently if he was directly elected by voters, speakers observed at the seminar organized by the Centre for Public Policy Research (CPPR) on 'Mayor and city development' at Chavara Cultural Centre here on Saturday.Speakers at the seminar felt that if the mayor was elected directly instead of being selected by the party, he would be more answerable to the public. They also emphasized that the mayor should be empowered with more power to take action against erring employees.\"Efficiency levels of corporations are low,\" observed former finance minister Thomas Isaac, adding that the mayor could bring more changes in the administration by functioning within the present framework.Former assembly speaker A C Jose, opined that the power enjoyed by a particular mayor depends on his or her personality. The functioning of the corporation is a team work, observed K J Sohan, chairman, town planning committee of Kochi Corporation. He expressed the hope that the corporation can achieve self-sufficiency with the intensification of tax collection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14536809", "title": "Author alleges copyright violation by US website", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: G Reghunath Pillai, an inspector with Kerala Road Transport Corporation, while penning a book on undesirable truths, would not have dreamt that his creation would make him face one in the future. Pillai recently found out that his book 'The Cry of the Cicadas' -published in 2005 - is on sale at an online book shop operating from the United States, without his knowledge. What shocked him was that the book, priced just Rs 70 in the local market here is on sale on the website www.printasia.com for a whopping price of $6.45. When converted to Indian currency, the book is worth Rs 362, five times its original price.\"I do not know for how long the book was on sale on the website and how many books they have sold so far. It has come as a shock that someone else has been making profit without giving me due credit,\" said Pillai. It took him five years to complete the novel. The contents of the book pertain to his views on various social injustices in a society. He used his dairy notes of five years to pen a fictional novel.He added that he did not know whether the book is being sold on the website or they are using it for any online fraud. He also sent a mail to the them enquiring whether the book is available at present and he received a positive response from the website. He said he will file a complaint with state's anti-piracy cell and cyber cell on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14554650", "title": "Love Failure director, Balaji Mohan all set to tie the knot", "text": "Success came overnight to Balaji Mohan when his maiden directorial venture 'Kadhalil Sodhappuvadhi Yeppadi' (KSY) titled Love Failure, which had Siddharth and Amala Paul in the lead roles, struck a chord with the audience, especially youngsters.And now, the 25-year-old filmmaker is set to move on to the next phase of his life. He will soon marry his childhood sweetheart Aruna. Their parents were family friends. Balaji and Aruna had been waiting for the right time, and once KSY was released they felt they should tie the knot, we hear.In the meantime, Balaji Mohan will start work on his next script, for Y Not Studios again, after the marriage. His second venture too is expected to be a romcom.http://www.bollywoodlife.com/topics/south-gossip/", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "14538772", "title": "Facebook comment leads to violence", "text": "YAVATMAL: A derogatory comment and caricature against a minority community posted on the Facebook led to violence in Darwha, 40km from here, on Friday. An angry mob gathered at the police station resorted to stone pelting in which 5 private vehicles were damaged.A total bandh was observed as the trading community pulled down shutters soon after. The police arrested Ravindra Sebe (29), a tea stall owner at Darwha, who had posted the derogatory comment. The police had initially booked 150 rioters late Friday night and arrested 8 of them in the wee hours of Saturday.Police station officer Udaysingh Chandel said action was taken against Sebe following a complaint lodged by representatives of the minority community. He was arrested under section 295 of IPC. But the mob became unruly and damaged 5 vehicles and 3 shops. The police resorted to mild lathi charge to disperse the mob.SP Ranjankumar Sharma rushed to the spot and summoned forces from Arni, Ladkhed, Ner and Digras and the anti-riot squad from Yavatmal which brought the situation under control. Chandel said 150 rioters were booked under sections 143,147, 148, 149, 336 and 427 of IPC. So far eight accused, Mudshir Rahim, Mudamil Rahim, Amanuddin Azharuddin, Niyamat Khan, Maqsood Khan, Imran Khan , Kalimuddin Aminuddin and Nizarulla Khan, all residents of Darwha, were arrested.All the arrested accused were produced before the court on Saturday which granted them magisterial custody remand. The town is limping back to normalcy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14537038", "title": "18 IPS officers transferred", "text": "HYDERABAD: State government on Saturday reshuffled 18 Indian Police Service (IPS) officers. Of them, three deputy inspector-general (DIG)-level officers, including Soumya Mishra, were promoted to the rank of Inspector General of Police (IG), while six superintendent of police-level officers were promoted to the rank of DIG.New chief secretary Minnie Mathew issued the government order effecting the changes. As per the order, additional director, Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB), B Shivdhar Reddy has been promoted to the rank of IG and posted as director, ACB, in the existing vacancy. Kumar Vishwajeet, who is currently joint commissioner of police, (Security &amp; Coordination), Hyderabad, was promoted to the rank of IG. He has been named as IG, CID. DIG Soumya Mishra, who was awaiting posting, was promoted and posted as IG, (Law &amp; Order) at the Office of the Director General of Police (DGP).Meanwhile, PV Sunil Kumar, who was waiting for posting, was posted as IG, Special Protection Force, Hyderabad, in the existing vacancy. VC Sajjanar, who is DIG, Counter Intelligence (Intelligence wing), has been named as DIG, (SIB), Intelligence, Hyderabad in the existing vacancy. N Suryanarayana, joint commissioner of police (CAR Headquarters), on deputation to the energy department, has been named as chief vigilance &amp; security officer, APGenco, Hyderabad.Six SP-rank officers of the 1998 batch__ Vikram Singh Mann, B Srinivasulu, P Umapathi, R Bheema Naik, E Damodar, B Balakrishna, B Malla Reddy__were promoted to the rank of DIG. Vikram Singh Mann, who is presently SP, Intelligence, Hyderabad, has been posted as deputy IG, Warangal Range. B Srinivasulu, SP, Intelligence, has been made DIG, Counter Intelligence, in place of Sajjanar. P Umapathi, who is awaiting posting, was deputed to the energy department as joint managing director, (Vigilance &amp; Security), APTransco. R Bheema Naik, who is waiting for posting, has been is posted as DIG, Karimnagar range, replacing Sanjay Kumar Jain. E Damodar, SP, CID, Hyderabad, has been made DIG, CID, Hyderabad. B Balakrishna, deputy commissioner of police, (Law &amp; Order), Visakhapatnam, has been posted as DIG, (Security), Intelligence. B Malla Reddy, DCP (Security), Hyderabad, has been posted as DIG, APSP Battalions, Hyderabad in the existing vacancy.Meanwhile, A Sunder Kumar Das, who was awaiting posting, was named deputy director, AP Police Academy, Hyderabad, in the existing vacancy. M Shiva Prasad, who was also waiting for posting, was posted as DCP, (Traffic), Cyberabad, in the existing vacancy. A Ravichandra has been posted as assistant IG, (Law &amp; Order), in the office of DGP in the existing vacancy. M Naganna, SP, Railways, Vijayawada, has been transferred and posted as DCP, CAR (Headquarters), Hyderabad, while D Nagendra Kumar, DCP, LB Nagar, Cyberabad, has been made SP, Mahbubnagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14559292", "title": "Don\u2019t force children to participate in reality shows: Saroj Khan", "text": "\"People should not force their children to particiapte in reality shows,\" claims the ace choreographer of Bollywood, Saroj Khan, on her recent visit to the sangam city where she had come to attend a private funtion, adding, \"A number of parents for the sake of money, these days, are forcing their children into these shows whether or not these kids are serious about dancing. And when they fail to perform, they are even given scolding. This is a wrong trend and should not be promoted.\"Besides, the legendary choreographer also seemed unhappy with the changing dancing trends in Bollywood. \"Unfortunately, Bollywood today is merely confined to item numbers. There is no real dance happening. After having spent over 5 decades in the industry I sometimes feel sad about this decline in quality, but there is hardly we choreographers can do about it. We do only what the directors ask us to do, they give us situations and songs, and we are asked to choreograph, so we don't have much control over it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14542809", "title": "Two Pune-Lonavla locals cancelled", "text": "PUNE: Two local trains on the Pune-Lonavla section will be partially cancelled from July 1 to July 7, for carrying out ballast cleaning works between Kamshet and Malavli stations.The Pune-Lonavla local train leaving at 1 pm will run only up to Talegaon. Similarly, the Lonavla-Pune local train leaving at 2 pm, will leave from Talegaon instead of Lonavla, a press release issued by the railways said on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14540306", "title": "Soya delicacies make inroads into capital", "text": "NEW DELHI: Not long ago, chicken and mutton were the natural suffixes to Afghani, Achari, Rara, Haryali in any restaurant menu. But now you can add soya to the list, with reputed non-vegetarian eateries offering kebabs, tikkas, champs, even soya on a stick.Popular in dhabas and other small restaurants for some years, these soya dishes mimic the fleshiness of meat and have made inroads into the more upscale joints. Connaught Place's Nizam's Kathi Kebabs, known for its mutton, chicken, egg and potato rolls, has given in to the soya seduction. They introduced a soya tikka roll last year. Even Khan Market newbie Arza Bibi Kebabs has decided to include soya tikka roomali rolls in its menu. GK 1's Cafe Brown Sugar offers soya momos, chops and achari wraps. Pindi Soya Wah Bhai Wah has four outlets in NCR with more coming up shortly. In fact, a vegetarian restaurant chain has even named itself Soya Express.Customers seem to be enjoying the new stuff in the old marinade. Sumeet Dhall, director of Soya Express says at a conservative estimate, soya dishes make up for 45% of his total sales. Karamjeet Singh of restaurant chain Wah Ji Wah says about 70% of his sales are from soya-based items.'Replication' is the flavour of the month. Dhall says soya dishes can replicate the taste and texture of chicken and sometimes even non-veg clients cannot tell the difference. Soya-based dishes work well for converts to vegetarianism. Or, as the Wah Ji Wah website puts it, \"Being veg, craving for non-veg, no more test, Wah Ji Wah is the best\".Noida-based software engineer Shilpa Gandotra, who turned vegetarian 12 years ago, laps up the soya chaap she gets down the street. \"It's quite tasty and always a change.\" Delhi-based professional Mansi Gupta, 25, says it's like \"chicken for vegetarians\".Sumeet Chugh of Nizam's introduced it on the restaurant's menu owing to a personal need. He avoids eating non-vegetarian food on Tuesdays and is a gym freak. \"I needed something with the same amount of protein as non-veg food. That's when I sat down with my chef and came up with this,\" says Chugh.The bean's growing popularity is being reflected on the ground. According to consultancy firm Technopak Advisors, the overall organized soya market is worth Rs 450-500 crore and it is growing annually at 18-20%.Food critic Maryam Reshi says, \"It is a versatile ingredient. You can serve it dry or in a gravy. \" But she objects to the mince being shaped and coloured-like prawns in some oriental restaurants. \"If you are a vegetarian, wouldn't that gross you out?\" she says.Even outlets selling soya-based dishes for many years have expanded their menu to cash in on the demand. About 15 years ago, Rakesh Singla of Model Town's Eating Corner started with malai chaap. He has now diversified with an achari chaap, mughlai chaap and even a pudina chaap.However, \"good raw soya is difficult to find in the market, though soyabean is widely produced in our country. If we import raw processed soya, the prices would be at par with our chicken rolls, which may not go down well with vegetarians,\" says Chugh. Desi or otherwise, the verdict has already \"bean\" given.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14536115", "title": "Stage set for mud challenge rally", "text": "BHOPAL: Come Sunday to witness the drivers of four wheelers making deft moves, zipping past each other on the 300m mud pits and jumping over various obstacles to grab the title at the mud challenge rally 2012 at Kaliasot dam. This year the rally is being organized in the memory of Late Akbar Mohd Khan, the organizer of the event in the past.Aruneshwar Singh Deo of the organising committee told TOI that the rally will be a 13-km stretch comprising slush, streams and hills to be covered twice by the participants. \"There will be two categories petrol and diesel in which rally will be organized,\" Singhdeo said.The organisers have set-up five points for the competitors with the name Robin point, Akbar point, Vyas point, Aadi point and Sarvesh point. Robin point will be the most dangerous obstacle for the organisers where mud pit of 300m has been created. The track has been prepared near the temple situated at an elevation in the midst of the Kaliasot dam.Implementing various safety measures for the participants, organisers have decided that the roll over cage, hard top, steel doors and seat belts will be mandatory on all the vehicles. Besides, helmets are a must for the driver and navigator,\" Singhdeo added.He claimed that the participants from various other parts of the state have shown keen interest in this year's edition of the rally. \"It was an overwhelming response from speed-thrillers. We hope for an enthralling contest,\" Singhdeo claimed.The organisers went through the updated registration, insurance of the vehicle and driving license of the driver participating in the event. There will be 40 contestants in the competition. The prize money for the top driver is Rs. 51000, apart from trophies and cash prizes for first three winners in both the categories.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14536538", "title": "Lack of civic sense clogs drainage pipes at Techpark", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The maintenance team working on the blockage at a building in Technopark has informed park authorities that used sanitary napkins have clogged the drains. According to the maintenance workers it would take a minimum of three weeks to unclog the drains, relay the tiles and open the facility at Bhavani building's sixth floor.Technopark authorities have blamed blockage on the lack of civic sense of employees using common toilets. \"The drainpipes inside Bhavani were laid eight years ago and leakage cannot be blamed on low quality pipes,\" said an engineer from Technopark.\"Park officials took notice after water was dripping on the fifth floor of the UST Global office. The float drain trap has helped localize the leakage. If not the whole drainage system of the building would have been affected,\" said a maintenance official.Only two common toilets of the total eight toilets on the sixth floor of the building are functioning. Toilets belonging UST Global, and those belonging to a restaurant have been closed by the maintenance team. Two other toilets on the sixth floor have been reserved exclusively as a changing room for the use of A to Z maintenance team, who are entrusted with the housekeeping and cleaning activities of the IT Park.\"It is particularly embarrassing for the guest relations managers at our company who are in-charge of hosting visitors for lunch or snack at one of the restaurants on the sixth floor. We have to bring them back and reissue a security clearance so that they can use the company toilet facility,\" said an employee of UST Global.Seven years ago drainpipes at Nila building were blocked and had to be re-laid after authorities found used condoms blocking the flow of water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14542284", "title": "Hockey team's heart beats for Paraplegic Rehabilitation Centre", "text": "The Indian men's hockey team donated Rs one lakh to the Paraplegic Rehabilitation Centre, Khadki on Saturday. The amount was presented to Major Mahesh Bisht (in a wheelchair) and the centre's director Col S P Jyoti by international player Yuvraj Walmiki, who missed the Olympic squad. Associate joint secretary of Hockey India Manoj Bhore said all the players had contributed the amount before leaving for London . They had visited the centre while training at Shiv Chhatrapati Sports Complex in Mhalunge-Balewadi in March. The players decided to give the amount during the recently concluded Azlan Shah Cup in Malaysia, Bhore added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14540934", "title": "Euro 2012: An equal music", "text": "After his two-goal blast against Germany, Mario Balotelli has exhumed the messenger by airily likening his goal-scoring feats to delivering letters. \"When a postman delivers letters, does he celebrate?\" he reasoned, and we nodded at his newfound wisdom. Will this final then be one between Postmen and a Courier Service, for at the other end are Spain, modern masters of the delivery.A final to delight the purists, a Spain-Italy clash is essentially a battle of different footballing gharanas, give or take a tweak to its classic form. Theirs is also a history of international meetings littered with battles of attrition.Most of us would remember the theatre of the USA '94 quarterfinal between the two, when Roberto Baggio \u2014 the Buddha to Balotelli's Kung Fu Panda \u2014 denied the Spaniards with a winner at the death. The Spaniards haven't managed to get around the Italian demon yet, forget slaying it.Writes Phil Ball in Morbo, his story of Spanish football: \"For those in Spain who believe in stereotypes , the Italians are perros (dogs), meaning that they are untrustworthy and opportunist. The history of football matches between the two countries has unfortunately blinded the Spanish to the fact that the Corinthian spirit has hardly pervaded the fields of their own sporting culture.\" Sunday's meeting has a sense of parity to it. Both are being touted as impostors of their original selves. Spain are at pains to tell a skeptical world that nothing is wrong with the recently-acquired sheen to their game; Italy, well, they do not bother themselves with explaining any mask-wearing or face-changing.Yet, at the core of it all are men who control the puppet strings of their teams and more importantly, the deeprunning philosophies of their country's football cultures. Italy's Andrea Pirlo and the Xavi-Andres Iniesta combine are slightly-built men who make others in their team seem like harried pageboys forever doing their bidding.Each player's role in his team is fascinating, and unique. According to football tactics historian Jonathan Wilson , Pirlo is the answer to the need to give the playmaker the room to operate in the face of stifling defensive attitudes. In his Inverting The Pyramid : The History of Football Tactics he explains: \"Euro 2000 was arguably the best tournament of the modern era... the very defensiveness of the football led to the call for players capable of unpicking opposing defenses, who were often given very little defensive responsibility.\" Enter Andrea Pirlo.\"The role of the playmaker became increasingly necessary, increasingly exalted and increasingly impossible ... until Carlo Ancelotti , at Milan, deployed Andrea Pirlo, a modern regista, deep in midfield,\" explains Wilson.In the various defensiveplaymaker combine adopted in football's cultures, Wilson explains that Italians divide playmakers into trequartistas (three-quarters ), who play in the hole behind attack (Francesco Totti in the 2006 World Cup winning squad) and registas, who are deeper lying like Pirlo.You could argue that the opposite is true for Andres Iniesta \u2014 schooled in the Barca way which in turn takes from the Dutch philosophy of players constantly swapping positions . Joined at the hip with the inimitable Xavi, Iniesta \u2014 the right-footed but left-minded player \u2014 can be understood as the future to Xavi. To understand Iniesta, you have to unravel Xavi.Xavi was headed for unremarkable existence as he sat just in front of the defence at his club Barcelona. Asked to operate from the deep by manager Louis van Gaal , his lack of height and slight frame didn't help. Rescued by Frank Rijkaard under a Barcelona revamp in 2003, he was promoted ahead to sit just behind the three-man forward line-up in their 4-3-3 line-up . Today, his role of a more forward-lying playmaker seems all the more potent with Iniesta fitting in seamlessly along the left.Today they are the foremost advocates of the passing game. Listen to him defend Spain's apparent boring ways, an allegation that stuck in the World Cup itself. \"Of course we were boring \u2014 the opposition made it that way,\" he said in an interview last year.\"What did Holland look for? Penalties ? Or (Arjen) Robben on the break. Bam, bam, bam.... Up it goes, rebound, loose ball. It's harder than people realize when you've got a guy behind you who is two metres tall and right on top of you. Think quickly, look for spaces. That's what I do: look for spaces,\" he said. \"People who haven't played don't always realise how hard that is. Space, space, space. It's like being on the PlayStation.\"In Graham Hunter's Barca: The Making of Greatest Team in the World' Iniesta is called the Solutions Man. Hunter narrates a 2000 conversation between Pep Guardiola and Xavi, who saunter over the practice ground to watch the Barca B team in action. A young, fresh-faced Iniesta is playing. Guardiola turns to Xavi and remarks, \"Xavi, you are going to replace me but watch out for this young guy, because he'll retire all of us.\"Luckily for football, it didn't exactly go the way Guardiola had warned. On Sunday, as this Spanish combine takes on the timeless skills of the ageless Pirlo, it will be more than just a game of football. Something tells us, it will be high art.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14556874", "title": "War of words between Kolkata Municipal Corporation and scientists over arsenic amount in water", "text": "KOLKATA: Arsenic has turned out to be a major bone of contention between the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) and a section of city scientists.While the latter have opposed the installation of new tube-wells in the arsenic-affected zones of the city, the civic authorities have claimed that there is no evidence yet to show that the harmful metal has been seeping into the water supply system in parts of south Kolkata.\"We have recently held a meeting with the State Water Investigation Directorate (SWID), members of the state and central ground water boards and the pollution control board. The findings of the meeting and the decisions taken will soon be announced. Till then, there is no reason to conclude that south Kolkata is affected,\" said Tarak Singh, member, mayor-in-council (ground water) of KMC.While mayor Shovan Chatterjee has endorsed the view, experts believe this could be disastrous for those living in the Jadavpur-Lake Gardens area that was found to be affected in recent surveys. Water samples collected from deep tube-wells of several highrises on Prince Anwar Shah Road had an arsenic content of 190 micrograms per litre which is way above the permissible limit of 10 micrograms.Digging tube-wells without a proper survey could be disastrous for residents, many of whom have already been affected, claimed Dipankar Chakrabarti of Jadavpur University's School of Environmental Studies.Chakrabarti has conducted several tests in the last few years. \"There can be no doubt that a large part of south Kolkata, particularly Jadavpur and Lake Gardens are affected. Tube-wells should not be dug in these areas unless the authorities are sure they are not arsenic-contaminated. It would be sad if the KMC chooses to go ahead with its plan of digging tube-wells without a proper check,\" he said.The KMC, on the other hand, has decided to send a team of experts to collect water samples.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14558122", "title": "Railways introduces new Rohtak-Panipat passenger train", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The northern railways have introduced a new passenger train from Rohtak to Panipat, extended the Jind-Sirsa passenger train to Hisar, and Delhi-Jind train to Narwana.Besides, a number of other mail and express trains have also been extended, which would benefit a number of towns in Haryana.The daily Rohtak-Panipat passenger train will leave Rohtak at 11:15 am and reach Panipat at 2 pm. It would start return journey from Panipat at 2:30 pm and reach Rohtak at 4.40 pm.This would benefit communters and others in the three districts of Rohtak, Sonipat and Panipat, said railway officials.The Jind-Sirsa passenger train has been extended up to Hisar. It would leave Jind at 4.25 pm and reach Sirsa at 10.45 pm; depart from Hisar after five-minute halt at Sirsa to reach Hisar at 12:25 am.The train would depart from Hisar at 4:20 am and reach Sirsa at 6.10 am.It would leave Sirsa at 6:20 am and reach Jind at 2.50 pm.The would benefit the people of Hisar, Fatehabad and Sirsa.Delhi-Jind passenger express has been extended from Jind toNarwana. The train would reach Jind at 9.45 pm and touch Narwana at 10.45 pm.The train would start from Narwana at 11.15 p.m to reach Jind at 12.05 am.The extension of the train up to Narwana would provide people another link train to Delhi and vice-versa.Similarly, Kathgodam-Delhi-Ranikhet express has been extended up to Jodhpur and it would benefit the people of Gurgaon, Pataudi Road and Rewari, said railway officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14542897", "title": "Fully-funded UK scholarship for Pune chartered accountants", "text": "PUNE: The Institute of Chartered Accountants England and Wales (ICAEW) has announced the launch of 120 fully-funded scholarships - 40 each in Pune, Mumbai and Delhi - for full-time members of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in India (ICAI) to undertake an advanced professional skill development course.\"The select scholarship-holders will undertake the 16-day part-time training spread over a period of four months between July and October, to appear in two exams in November and another one in July next year. Completion of the course and exams will lead to a full membership of the ICAEW, which is a global accounting alliance of CA bodies from seven countries,\" said Vandana Saxena Poria, chief executive officer of Get Through Guides (GTG), which is the only accredited training partner of the ICAEW and the ICAI. \"The scholarships, each valued at Rs 1.50 lakh, come as part of a memorandum of understanding signed between ICAI and ICAEW in 2008 for mutual recognition and enhancement of professional skills and competencies,\" said Dilip Apte, regional council member of the ICAI's western regional council and general manager of corporate relations at HDFC.Addressing a news conference, Poria said, \"We have already admitted 60 CA professional employees nominated by the ICAEW's anchor partners and corporate associates in India and the scholarship now opens for individual CA practitioners. The idea is to add value to the know-how that professional CAs have, by making them familiar with the changing business dynamics at the global level and teaching them to assimilate information and arrive at decisions that make businesses succeed.\"Poria said, \"It has long been known that ICAI is technically one of the most challenging chartered qualifications globally. ICAEW's strength is that in the final level, candidates are expected to sort through data, taking unstructured information and come up with recommendations for solving business problems.\"She said, \"Ideally the applicants for the course are expected to be less than 35 years or those who have passed CA in the first attempt at the final stage. They also need to answer two questions about why they want to do the programme, which should bring out leadership qualities and good management skills.While information about enrolment process has been posted on GTG website: www.GetThroughGuides.co.in/ICAEWABOUT ICAEW, the applications close on July 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14557715", "title": "Need for Ph.D and M.Phil graduates", "text": "MANGALORE: It's very important for teaching faculties to hold a Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D) or Master of Philosophy degree (M.Phil), but in India most of the teaching faculties have neither Ph.D nor M.Phil degrees.Mangalore University vice chancellor T C Shivashankara Murthy said 51 percent of the teaching faculties don't have Ph.D or M.Phil degree and 41 percent of teachers posts are vacant in colleges and universities. To provide quality education to students apart from obtaining Ph.D or M.Phil, teachers have to present more research papers, he said. He says India is lagging behind in gross enrolment to higher education compared to other countries.\"The gross enrolment to higher education in India is 12.4 percentage while USA has 82 percentage,\" he added. Murthy said 80 percent of the graduates, including engineering and management graduates are not employable due to lack of quality education and there is need for sufficient grants from the government to provide quality education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "14559171", "title": "Prem Kumar Dhumal writes to PM on ancient monuments act", "text": "SHIMLA: Terming the provisions of the national monuments authority rules, 2011 and the ancient monuments and Archaeological Sites and Remains Rules, 2011, against the very spirit of culture, heritage conservation and preservation, Himachal Pradesh chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal on Sunday wrote a letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh drawing his attention towards the peculiar and typical situation arisen due to the provisions these acts in the state.Dhumal in his letter said that principal act have been passed with the objective of protecting and preserving the heritage but these are turning out to be against the very spirit of culture, heritage conservation and preservation. He said that the Acts and Rules have been passed without the prior consultation with the state government which was against the spirit of federalism and centre-state relations.\"The seemingly innocuous provisions were self-defeating for the people whose heritage these intend to preserve. These provisions were acting as a barrier in the day to day living of the people who were major stakeholders,\" he said. Dhumal brought to the notice of the Prime Minister the specific geographical historical background of Himachal Pradesh with respect to its cultural archaeological heritage. Himachal has more than 4000 temples which have religious, historical and archaeological importance. He said that almost every village has its own deity and a temple is dedicated to it. These temples are live monuments and were centre to the life of hilly people. Similarly, the State had 40 protected monuments under the Act which were in eight districts of the State. The 300 meter radius cover entire town and there was hardly any area left which is 'out of bound' for any civic activity. This can be seen from the sample Google Earth Maps for Mandi, Chamba and Tabo (where 1000 years old monastery was situated). Chief Minister said that in the State, Competent Authority has no power to grant permission even in construction of public amenities like drinking water facilities, toilets, kiosk facilities for physically challenged, facility of parking etc. The time lines prescribed also makes it difficult and lengthy to adhere to in tribal areas due to heavy snowfall in winter months e.g. Lahaul-Spiti, Pangi and Bharmour.State Assembly Himachal Pradesh had passed an unanimous resolution on December 21, 2011 that the provisions of the Act and the Rules be amended for the hilly State of Himachal Pradesh. Dhumal has requested Prime Minister to take immediate steps to redress the genuine concern of the States so that the heritage, both tangible and intangible which had been handed over to the present generation was further enriched for the future generations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "14536527", "title": "Foul play kills 5 buffaloes at Vathadev", "text": "BICHOLIM: In an unfortunate incident, five buffaloes owned by Savitri Vaze from Vathadev-Bicholim were found dead in a plantation due to poisoning on Saturday morning.The buffalo owner suffered a loss of 1,50,000. Vaze said she searched for her buffaloes as they did not return home early morning. During the search, she was shocked to see them lying dead in a plantation owned by another person.Vaze told police that four buffaloes were to give birth to calves while one was milk-giving. Bicholim police conducted the inquest in presence of a team led by an animal husbandry doctor who said that the animals died due to chemical poisoning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14540008", "title": "\u2018Innocent tribals killed in encounter'", "text": "CPI and CPI-ML demanded a judicial probe into the killing of Maoists in a joint operation by police and CRPF personnel in the dense forests of Chhattisgarh, claiming they were innocent tribals.\"One or two Naxalites might have been there. The killing of innocent tribals will generate more anger and hatred towards police and security forces,\" CPI general secretary S Sudhakar Reddy said.Ten of those killed are in the age group of 15 to 28 years, he said. Meanwhile, social activist Swami Agnivesh has called for a judicial probe into the gunbattles between security forces and rebels in Chhattisgarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14538683", "title": "State medical council poll comes under cloud", "text": "CHENNAI: Elections to the Tamil Nadu State Medical Council have been marred by allegations of impropriety and lack of transparency. Dr V S Dorairaj, brother of state health minister V S Vijay, is at the centre of the controversy, as he functioned as an observer to oversee the elections and then got nominated as vice-president of the doctors' body. Another observer, a woman doctor, has been rewarded with a nomination to the executive committee.The state medical council is a statutory body empowered to register doctors in the state and issue them the license to practice. Seven of the 10 office bearers to the council are elected and three of them are nominated by the government. Dr Dorairaj has been reinstated as vice-president as a government nominee.The opposition team in the election headed by paediatrician Dr Rex Sargunam alleged vested interest. He has moved the Madras high court saying there was lack of transparency in the conduct of elections. The state has more than 80,000 members registered with the state medical council. Elections to this council are done through postal ballots. The members receive the ballots through registered post. The ballot is returned along with a declaration form and identity proof. This year, nearly 13,000 votes were polled.\"We wanted the election committee to scrutinize the ballots before they begin counting to ascertain the identity. But the counting began even before we discussed this,\" said Dr Sargunam. More than 28,000 ballots the council sent have been returned as 'addressee not found,' he said.His advocate PB Suresh Babu moved the court seeking a stay, as the election process was not transparent. \"The court dismissed the stay petition but posted the main case for hearinin after 12 weeks,\" Suresh Babu said.Meanwhile, the election committee declared former president Dr K Prakasam and his six-member team as winners of the 2012 elections. The seven members were declared as the elected office bearers on Friday. Three members, including the two observers - Dr Dorairaj and Dr Kumuda - were declared government nominees. While Dr Dorairaj became vice-president again, Dr Kumuda was nominated to the executive committee. Pointing out that a person cannot be a judge of his own cause, senior doctors said that since Dorairaj was an observer, he cannot assume an office bearer following a poll held under his observation.But Dr Prakasam disagreed. \"There is no vested interest. He is a government nominee. We have decided the post of president and vice-president will be on a rotation basis. For the next five years, we will give every other person an opportunity for one year,\" said Dr Prakasam.But many senior doctors who voted for the elections said they were unaware of the government nominees or observers to the council during the elections. While some said that election has to be declared null and void, others demanded an external committee to monitor elections.\"How can a sitting vice-president be the observer of the elections, and get nominated as an office-bearer too? An observer should not only be neutral, he should also be seen as neutral. It is best that a serving member does not serve as an observer,\" said former editor of Indian Journal of Medical Ethics Dr George Thomas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14559200", "title": "Kalladka calm after overnight group clashes; police nab 38", "text": "MANGALORE: Bantwal town police have arrested 38 persons in connection with incident of rioting that took place at Kalladka, some 30-kms from here on Saturday night. Youths from two communities fought pitched battles using soda bottles and stones after youths from a community who came in a motorcycle intercepted a van in which cattle was being transported illegally. Tension escalated when they assaulted the van driver.Superintendent of Police Abhishek Goyal told TOI that the situation at Kalladka is since calm and under control. \"We have posted two platoons of Karnataka State Reserve Police and equal numbers of District Armed Reserve platoons on the spot,\" SP said, adding officials of DK district police have stepped up patrolling in Bantwal town police station limits and across the district to prevent any spill over from Saturday's incident.Police have registered a case and counter-case of rioting and attempt to murder based on complaints from youths from either community, along with a specific case pertaining to illegal transportation of cattle, SP said. Three persons who sustained injuries in the stone and soda bottle pelting are out of danger and recuperating at a private hospital in the city, SP said adding the incident disrupted traffic along NH 75 for around 30 minutes.Illegal transportation of cattle to abattoirs across the state's borders is chiefly the source of tension among the dominant and the minority community in Dakshina Kannada district and even the smallest of such incidents quickly tends to take communal overtones. SP said additional police forces requisitioned from Mangalore City Police to deal with the incident has since been sent back and DK police are maintaining vigil in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14538934", "title": "Private operators may get the nod to set up parking lots", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The corporation is considering a proposal to encourage private operators to set up commercial parking plazas to resolve the shortage of parking spaces in the city.Though the civic body has proposed setting up a multi-level parking facility on 23 cents of land at the Link Road at a cost of around Rs 7 crore, it is yet to get approval of the government. The civic body will soon invite expressions of interest from the private parties in this regard.Kozhikode corporation executive engineer A M Jayan said the concept was very popular in metro cities in the country. \"Scores of people from the neighbouring districts and sub urban areas visit the city daily. With the introduction of commercial parking lots, parking woes will be resolved to a great extent,\" said Jayan. The private parties need to obtain sanction from the civic body and from the chief town planner to set up the parking lots, he said.\"The private parties will be allowed to fix rent per hour to park the vehicles. The civic body will provide permission after scrutinizing the plans and ensuring facilities such as toilets and rest room for drivers. We will invite the expressions of interest within a month,\" said Jayan.The corporation is also planning to conduct a survey to identify suitable areas to set up public parking lots. A squad constituted in the engineering wing of the corporation will carry out the survey. The civic body is planning to set up parking lots for common users and to set up auto bay, taxi bay and lorry bay on the basis of the survey report.A M Jayan also said that two private parties had already approached the civic body showing interest to set up lorry bays at Thondayadu bypass and at Beach Road.Ends....Kozhikode: Here is good news for scores of city denizens who have been waiting to get relief from the existing parking woes. The Kozhikode Corporation is seriously considering a proposal to encourage private operators to set up commercial parking plazas to resolve the dearth of parking slots in the city.The civic body has decided to encourage private parties to set up commercial parking plazas in the wake of absence of parking slots to park vehicles. Though the civic body has envisaged a proposal to set up a multi-level parking facility on 23-cents of land at the Link Road at a cost of around Rs 7 crore investments, the same is yet to get the sanction of the government. The new proposal to encourage private operators was initiated as part of the Public Private Participation to put an end to the existing dearth of parking spaces. The civic body will soon invite expressions of interest from the private parties in this regard.Kozhikode Corporation Executive Engineer A M Jayan said that the concept is very popular in metro cities in the country. Scores of people from the neighbouring districts and sub urban areas visit the city daily and finding a parking space is a daunting task for them. With the introduction of commercial parking concept involving private parties, the problem will be resolved at great extent. The private parties who express interest need to obtain sanction from the civic body and from the Chief Town Planner to set up the parking plazas,'' he said. The private parties will be allowed to fix rent per hour to park the vehicles. The civic body will provide permission after going through the plans of facilities such as toilets and rest room for drivers. We will invite the expressions of interest within a month,'' said the executive engineer.In parallel to this, the corporation is also planning to conduct a survey in its limit to identify suitable areas to set up public parking slots to help the general public. A squad constituted in the engineering wing of the corporation will carry out the survey. The civic body is planning to set up public parking for common users and to set up auto bay, taxi bay and lorry bay on the basis of the findings of the survey report. A M Jayan informed that two private parties have already approached the civic body showing keen interest to set up lorry bays at Thondayadu bypass and at the beach road. The lorry bays will be a reality in the corporation soon,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "ambala", "code": "14536435", "title": "Posing as DC man demands money from officials over phone", "text": "AMBALA: The police on Saturday booked an unidentified person for allegedly making calls to district administration officials demanding money, identifying himself to be Ambala's deputy commissioner.Ambala DCP Simardeep Singh informed that the mobile number used by the accused was traced to Bihar. \"A police party has already been dispatched to round up the suspect,'' he said. Officers who received calls included Barara SDM Sushil Kumar, deputy director (agriculture) R S Sangwan and executive engineer R K Kansal.\"When we asked the person to which account we had to deposit money, he replied that he would tell the account number later,\" said SDM Barara Sushil Kumar in his police complaint. A case was registered in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14529159", "title": "The worst is over: Giaa Manek", "text": "In an interview with TOI, Giaa Manek talks about her new passions and old favourit esFrom being the TRP-topping Gopi vahu in Saath Nibhana Saathiya , to a participant in a dance show, Giaa Manek's ensured that the spotlight has been trained on her firmly for the last few weeks. After facing what looked like a professional setback, Giaa seemed to be in high spirit when she was in town recently. She managed to flash picture-perfect smiles for the flashbulbs, showed off her legs in a skimpy blue number and admitted with a sigh of relief, that the \"worst phase\" of her life was over.If she has been unceremoniously dropped from a show then she has come to terms with it too. \"Everyone around me knows I love to dance. My decision of doing Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa became one of the worst phases of my life. Horrible is the word. I was juggling between tight working hours of Saathiya and rehearsing for Jhalak... they had made my life so miserable on Saathiya sets that I was unable to focus on anything. I had to consult a psychiatrist and he said I had symptoms of depression.\" She further elaborates, \"With so much turbulence around me, I wasn't able to concentrate.\"What does she think of her replacement? Has she come to terms with it finally? \"Whatever happens is for good. I firmly believe God throws bricks at you when he knows you've ability to take the pain and overcome it. Now, I'm able to enjoy my dance. I'm loving the healthy competition too.\" Has Giaa watched any episode of Saathiya recently? What does she think of the 'new' Gopi? She says with a studied nonchalance, \"I've been busy with my rehearsals, catching up on my sleep, meeting friends, clubbing, enjoying with family and pampering myself with spa treatments. I have time to do all that I craved for. I haven't been able to watch any recent episode of Saathiya.\"How is life sans Saathiya? She smiles and says, \"I've got immense love and support from fans for playing Gopi vahu. I'm sure something better will follow in future. All I'll say at this point is, I'm not meeting any soapmakers nor am I going for any auditions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "14540841", "title": "Man tries to castrate himself, hospitalised", "text": "AJMER: A forty-five-year old man who renounced the world to become a 'sanyasi' found that he was often disturbed by his desire for worldly pleasures so much so that he tried castrating himself but ended up in hospital fighting for his life.Kailash, a resident of Parbatsar block of Naguar district, was brought to JLN hospital here in a critical condition on Saturday after he tried to castrate himself late on Friday night. Doctors saved him by removing his genitals and made provisions in his skin for passing urine.\"He had tried castration all by himself and his condition was bad because of huge blood loss,\" a doctor attending Kailash said. Kailash was immediately taken for operation and doctors removed the whole of his genitals to save him, he said.Relatives of Kailash and his children brought him to the hospital and police started investigating the reason of his act. \"Preliminary investigations found that Kailash renounced the world since last five years and was leaving as a 'baba',\" police said.\"But in the last three to four months, he was disturbed by his desire of worldly pleasures. He wanted to dedicate time for meditation but was unable to concentrate,\" Kailash's nephew told police.Kailash's wife had died about seven years ago and after her death, he renounced the world to become a sanyasi. \"He has two children but since he renounced the world, we were the ones who took the responsibility of bringing up his children,\" Kailash's brother said.\"He usually come back to the house only to talk about religion and spirituality but something seem to be disturbing him since last about 10 days. He usually remain alone and last night we found him in blood in his room,\" a relative of Kailash said. They rushed him to Ajmer and admitted him to JLN hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14538538", "title": "Minimum, maximum temperatures five degrees above normal", "text": "KANPUR: The wait for rain continues. The minimum and maximum temperatures remained above normal on Saturday.The minimum and maximum temperature remained approximately five degrees above normal. The maximum temperature stood at 43 degrees while the minimum temperature touched the mark of 28.2 degrees Celsius.The humidity remained low due to sunny sky. In the morning, humidity was 44%, which reduced to 27% in afternoon. Meanwhile, the monsoon had been delayed by over 12 days.The weatherman of Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology predicted that similar conditions may prevail on Sunday and even in the coming week.This year, monsoon had been delayed by more than a week in UP. According to Met department, monsoon currents lose steam because of weakening of low pressure area over the Bay of Bengal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14536006", "title": "Govt doctors meet today to vote on resignation", "text": "BHOPAL: The Madhya Pradesh medical officers association (MPMOA), zonal representatives would meet here on Sunday to vote on its proposal to resign en masse. Talks between MPMOA and the state government have failed to break the deadlock.\"It would be an overwhelming vote to resign,\" claimed MPMOA secretary Dr Anand Sharma.Association sources claimed that they have some 3,500 resignations ready to be submitted. \"Most doctors may not continue to work after they resign and the government would be solely responsible for any disruption in health services,\" he added.\"Before making the final move, the association would try to meet the chief minister to solve the deadlock,\" said the association president Dr Lalit Shrivastava.The association claimed the support of about 4,500 government doctors from all over the state, who are willing to resign en masse on doctors' day.They are demanding better perks, timely promotions and compensatory orders to neutralise recovery of about Rs 11 crore from them. The recovery orders were passed after the department of finance objected to 4-tier selection grade for doctors.MPMOA demand includes a single cadre for medical officers and specialists, while the governments refused to club both the cadres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14539270", "title": "Delayed monsoon triggers alarm", "text": "AHMEDABAD: With the delay in monsoons a worried chief secretary AK Joti pressed the alarm button on Saturday and called an emergency meeting of senior officers to know their contingency plans for dealing with shortfall of rains across the state. Nearly 85 per cent of the state's arable land has not witnessed any sowing.This being an election year the government is taking no chances at all. Interestingly, such an emergency was not felt last year when the state had received an average of just 24 mm rainfall by this time. This year the state received an average rainfall of 36 mm till June 30.The relief commissioner PK Parmar claimed in the review meeting that the situation is \"worrisome\". A senior officer told TOI, \"The sowing operations have slowed down, but one should wait a while before pressing the alarm button\".Joti was told that almost Rs 21.75 crore has been pumped into relief works. This includes supplying water tankers to 266 villages. The state government has commissioned 208 engineers to ensure that 2.03 lakh handpumps remain functional. Nearly 25 reservoirs in the state have been kept on stand-by and some of these are also supplying water. A total of 313 village ponds have been filed by the Sujalam Sufalam irrigation canal. This year an excess area was brought under BT cotton cultivation resulting in unavailability of fresh fodder.Parmar claimed in the review meeting that provision for 2.10 crore Kg of grass was available for troubled periods. More than 10,000 official seeds distribution centers have been positioned.Secretaries from the irrigation department presented in the review meeting that 11,515 hectares in North Gujarat, 17,347 hectares in central Gujarat, 1.34 lakh hectares in south Gujarat and 33,479 hectares in Saurashtra have been brought under irrigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "14541603", "title": "HP government to weigh options for contesting HC order", "text": "SHIMLA: Under fire for strictures passed by the Himachal Pradesh high court in the case of Himalayan Ski Village project, the government has decided to contest the case after taking a legal opinion.Not ruling out challenging the judgment that has put the government in the dock, chief secretary %Sudripta Roy said a public hearing conducted to record the resident population's views about the Ski Village project had o posed it.The government will have to take into account both the judicial order and the views of the people on such a project, he said. Denying that the policy of the government changed after 2008, when the Prem Kumar Dhumal-led BJP government took over, he said that government is a process in continuity and no contract under law had been violated.\"Nowhere had the Himalayan Ski Village project been cancelled and only a %notice for cancellation had been served because according to the terms of reference, an Environment Impact %Assessment (EIA) had not been done by the promoter,\" said Roy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14537740", "title": "Block on Western Railway, Harbour lines", "text": "MUMBAI: The Western Railway will conduct a five-hour jumbo block between Mahim and Mumbai Central on Sunday. There will be a five-hour block on Harbour line between CST and Bandra/Andheri as well.WR spokesperson Sharat Chandrayan said, \"To carry out maintenance work, of track, signalling &amp; overhead equipments, a jumbo block will be held from 10.35am to 3.35pm.on Up and Down Through lines (fast corridor) All Mail/Express trains will run on fifth line between Mahim and Mumbai Central. Due to block some local trains will be cancelled.\"A mega block on CR on its suburban sections the Up and Down Harbour Lines between Wadala and Bandra stations will be from 11am to 4pm. There will be a block on Down fast line between Thane and Kalyan till 3.30pm and a third block on Down Harbour line between CST and Kurla.Harbour line passengers for Bandra/ Andheri are permitted to travel on Main line and WR.Meanwhile, the Railway Level Crossing Gate at Chunabhatti will remain closed for road traffic from 10 am to 5 pm on Sunday for overhauling work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14540437", "title": "Park to close down for monsoon", "text": "JAIPUR: The tiger reserves of Sariska and Ranthambore will remain closed for three months from Sunday. This is the annual closure of the parks for the monsoon.According to forest officials said that it is this time that many animals breed and the entry of tourists might pose a problem for them. Therefore the parks are closed. However, in Sariska, religious tourists to temple at Pandupole will be allowed on Fridays and Saturdays.But the closure of the parks this time also poses a problem of security for the tigers. With a ban of entry of tourists to the park there is a bigger threat of poachers finding their way into the reserves. A constant flow of tourists help pass on information to us of anything suspicious,\" officials said.During this time of the year tigers also migrate to higher grounds in the park. The rains force the tigers to look for higher grounds. But even this may pose a problem as often they of to the periphery of the parks and are in the risk of either migrating off to villages or being trapped by poachers,\" the official added.Officials also revealed that the department is yet to arrive at a decision of whether or not to keep the Kailadevi park adjoining the Ranthambore national park also closed. Last year the department had kept Kailadevi open so as to accommodate last minutes tourists who would have booked a ticket for the park unaware of its closure. It is these tourists who have to be satisfied with a safari at Kailadevi which does not have any resident tiger but is a home to some migrating ones,\" officials said.Security at both the reserves would also be ensured so as to monitor them properly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14542053", "title": "Mulayam Singh Yadav seeks aid for UP's development", "text": "LUCKNOW: Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav on Saturday, pitched in for a central aid to put the state on a fast paced development path. He said that his party is building pressure on the Centre in this regard.\"We need central aid to solve problems being faced by the people of the state. We are pressurising them (Centre) for the same,\" Mulayam said at a meeting of party workers in Lucknow. He added that SP has a very good prospect in the 2014 Lok Sabha polls.The SP chief also said that the Samajwadi Party supported the Congress-led UPA only to keep the communal party like BJP out of power. \"Congress has been reduced to minimum in UP,\" he said and added, \"If maximum numbers of MPs get elected, SP would be in better position to ensure development of the state.\" Claiming that democracy has returned to the state in SP regime, Yadav said it was after a long time that Vidhan Sabha session is continuing for over a month.\"In previous BSP regime, budget of thousand of crores used to get passed in 14 minutes. Now discussions are held on the budget of every department,\" he said. Yadav was later apprised by the party workers that the officials in the departments are not willing to address complaints of the party workers. To this, the SP boss asked them to exercise patience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14535706", "title": "After boy's death, school suspends bus service", "text": "MUMBAI: Three days after one of their Class VI stusdents was dragged and crushed under their school bus, the management of the C D Barfiwala High School in Andheri has suspended the school bus service. This decision was taken at a mee-ting held between the managing trustees and other school authorities in the school on Saturday.\"We have decided to suspend the school bus services until the bus contractor puts in place some safety mechanism that ensures such incidents will not be repeated. We are still checking as to what exactly happened on the day of the accident. The safety of our children is of utmost importance to us,\" said Bharat Valia, the school trustee. He added that the decision of hiring another bus contractor or even the same bus contractor will be taken after a meeting with the school Parent-Teachers' Association (PTA). \"The final decision will come from the parents,\" added Valia.On June 27, 12-year-old Hamza Taibani, a Class VI student of the school was crushed under the rear wheels of the bus while trying to board the bus after school hours. Taibani was rushed to a private hospital where he succumbed to his injuries later in the evening. The school bus driver was arrested on the day of the accident itself and was produced in court the next day where he was released on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14536269", "title": "Cop found dead in Indore", "text": "INDORE: A police sub-inspector was on Saturday found dead under mysterious circumstances at his house in the 4th Paltan Colony here, police said. The deceased, identified as L R Ahirwar, was posted at Pardeshipura police station, they said. Ahirwar was to retire after completion of services July 31 next year, police said. His family members who went to attend a marriage found the door of the house locked and broke open it to find Ahirwar lying motionless.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14542997", "title": "Collector's warning to civic body", "text": "MADURAI: Collector Anshul Mishra has pulled up the city corporation officials for issuing a building plan and layout approvals without obtaining permission from the Local Planning Authority (LPA).The collector, as chairman of LPA has issued notices to 28 buildings and 20 layouts given approval by the civic body without the approval of the planning authority. The collector has issued a stern warning and said that he had planned to issue show cause notice to the city corporation as well. \"If the corporation continues to misuse the power, action will be taken to withdraw the power delegated on the civic body,\" he warned.\"The district collector is receiving a lot of complaints and it has come to the notice during a recent survey by LPA that the local authorities, particularly Madurai Corporation, are giving building permissions on their own without following the provision of acts and rules. Such permissions are illegal and unapproved,\" a statement from the district administration said.In the statement, Mishra has also urged media not to publish or propagate news of unapproved plots, layouts and buildings and not to entertain promoters dealing with unauthorised buildings.\"The LPA is going to issue notices to all the buildings which were constructed without obtaining planning permission under Town and Country Planning Act from the LPA or local body,\" he said. The parking spaces in many buildings are converted into commercial spaces leaving vehicles to be parked on road. \"Such illegal conversions should be restored immediately. Due to unauthorised usage conversions, the government is incurring heavy loss of revenue in terms of fees payable to government. Such charges should be remitted by promoters immediately, otherwise such buildings would be demolished or sealed,\" he warned.Mishra urged that anyone who wants to buy plots can verify the authenticity of the approval in LPA office. Besides, the seller of the plot should give an affidavit to the sub-registrar that the plot to be sold is an approved one by quoting the approval number and date while approaching for registration. If the plot is unapproved, the seller should give an affidavit that he is responsible to get it approved, Mishra added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14538365", "title": "Food and Drug Administration: Water testing must for hoteliers", "text": "NASHIK: The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has made water testing compulsory for hoteliers who are acquiring a new licence or at the time of renewal of the licence. Subsequently, all hoteliers have to submit the water reports.There are around 1,000 large and medium hotels in Nashik division, which include five districts\u2014 Nashik, Dhule, Jalgaon, Ahmednagar and Nandurbar. Around 225 of the hotels are in Nashik district.Speaking to TOI, Shashikant Kekare, Joint Commissioner (Food), FDA said, \"As per the new Food and Safety Act, submission of water reports has been made mandatory for all the hotels to ensure that the water they are using is potable.\"\"Most of the hoteliers use water from bore-wells and other sources. We have to find out whether the water they use is certified or not. In Nashik, food stall holders use water supplied by NMC. Hence, they need not to submit the water reports.\"\"As per the new Act, we had recently undertaken a registration drive for all eateries, hotels and all the food related business. Accordingly, around 11,610 businesses were registered in Nashik division, fetching revenue close to Rs. 4.93 crore. Of the registrations, around 4,265 occupations were registered from Nashik district, 4,057 from Jalgaon, 1,920 from Ahmednagar and 1,090 occupations were registered from Dhule district.\"\"Now, we are planning to cover all those whom we have still not covered. We will take legal action against those food related businesses which are found unregistered after August 4,\" Kekare said.All hoteliers in the Nashik division must submit the water reports to ensure that water they are using is potable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14537568", "title": "Socio-economic rights vital for healthy democracy: K S Radhakrishnan", "text": "KOCHI: Failure in providing socio-economic rights to all the sections of people is posing major challenges to the healthy sustenance of Indian democracy, said justice K S Radhakrishnan, judge, Supreme Court.Justice Radhakrishnan made this observation while inaugurating a seminar on 'the challenges to the Indian democracy and the role of intellectuals,' organized by the All India Conference of Intellectuals (AICI) here on Saturday.Citing the agitations of Maoists in Chhattisgarh , he said the country would not have lasting peace unless people's right to food, clothing, shelter, education and other basic necessities are met.Echoing similar views, justice O P Verma, former governor of Punjab and former chief justice of Kerala, said that even though the people of India started enjoying political equality since the country became a republic, economic and social equalities still remain a far away dream. However, even political democracy will be at peril in India, if the country is not able to usher in economic and social equality, justice Verma said.S C Maheswari, senior advocate of the Supreme Court, said that Indian democracy has to expand and deepen the coverage so that it would evolve into a form of governance that meets the expectations of all sections in society. \"The great Son/Daughter of Kerala\" awards were presented to a host of people including Sreesanth, cricketer, Tessy Thomas, scientist, K Arkesh, IG of CRPF Kerala and Karnataka sector, J Alexander, former chief secretary and former minister in Karnataka, Ramachandran, vice-chancellor, Cusat, Varghese Moolan, chairman of Global Malayalee Council, and A R Babu, educationist and industrialist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "14556355", "title": "Illegal play in Goa Cricket Association", "text": "MAPUSA: 20 Goa Cricket Association ( GCA)clubs who are sought to be deleted from the eligible list of voter of the GCA has alleged that 8 players are illegally playing in the GCA team.\"8 player of the GCA under 19 team are playing with forged birth certificates, I have provided proof to GCA but no action has been taken,\" said Narayan Redkar President of Prapti sports club of Arambol representing the 20 clubs.\"They ( cricketers) are playing by giving bribes to Vinod Phadke, Chetan Dessai, Sanjay Kanekar of GCA,\" Redkar said.Redkar said that he has given written complaints to GCA with passport copies birth certificates and other proofs which shows that the birth certificates are manipulated to ensure that Vinod Phadke, Chetan Dessai, Sanjay Kanekar's favourite players can play the tournaments\"Age has been reduced by one year of many of the players by changing birth dates, the entire team is selected by accepting bribes,\" Redkar said.He informed that he will be also writing to the BCCI in this connection he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14541643", "title": "Simple yet dignified, a symbol of grandeur", "text": "Way back in 1934, a medical set up was established in the city to take care of the ophthalmic needs of the people.As the administrators built the block, they also gifted the city an architectural jewel.Started by Maharaja Nalwadi Krishnaraja Wadiyar on June 22, 1934, Sir M Muthia Chettiar Ophthalmic Block, a simple but dignified architectural composition on Euro- pean-Classical lines, stands as a symbol of grandeur.Located next to the opulent Krishnarajendra Hospital with its facade facing the Sayyaji Rao Road, the two-storeyed structure was built by philanthropist Muthia Chettiar. And, the building was named after its donor.It started functioning in 1934. According to records, the out-patient block was on the ground floor while the first floor was used for in-patients, Dr Singh, a history enthusiast recollected.In the records, the Krishnarajendra Hospital was constructed by Mummadi Krishnara Wadiyar during the fag end of his rule.He ruled between 1799 and 1868. According to 'Mysore Gazetteer', the maharaja founded the hospital 'where western medicine was daily dispensed free of cost...' The hospital building was later rebuilt in 1918 at a cost of Rs 5 lakh in Graeco-Roman style with a Vatican dome.Sixteen years later when the Muthia Chettiar Ophthalmic Block was built, the builders must have weighed it against the majestic K R Hospital building: Plasters and rims of arched opening stand out with a projecting porch. Some of the openings have key-stoned classical arches shaped in semi-circles framing a sun-rise head. It is one of the majestic structures that enhance the city skyline.Located next to Devaraja Market, the Ophthalmic Block's simple architecture stands out amid rich monuments like the Krishnarajendra Hospital and Chamarajendra Technical Institute Building, which are located on the Dasara procession route.The heritage structure, custom-made, for patients is still in good shape, says Dr B G Sagar, the medical superintendent of Krishnarajendra Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14537112", "title": "Campus film, theatre fest at Kerala University", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Kerala University students' union will organize a two-day national campus film and street theatre festival on July 23 and 24.Any student from any university in the country can send entries for participation. The duration of the films should not exceed more than 30 minutes. Four copies of the films in DVD format should be sent by the applicants, said KU students' union chairman Harikrishnan.Awards will be given for the best three films, best scriptwriter, best actor and actress. The campus street theatre festival is only open to the colleges under the Kerala University. Only one team from a college can participate. The maximum time allowed for a team to perform will be 15 minutes.Apply before July 10 with a consent letter from their principal to The Chairman, Kerala University Union, Students' Centre, PMG Junction, Thiruvananthapuram- 695033. Contact on 9495924144 and 9747114488 for details.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14546920", "title": "Earthquake in parts of Assam", "text": "NEW DELHI: Assam which is already reeling under floods, experienced tremors on Sunday morning, according to Times Now.The earthquake measured 5.5 on Richter scale, according to television reports.No injuries or damages have been reported so far.More details are awaited", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14555783", "title": "Entrepreneur awareness camp concludes", "text": "BHOPAL: Awareness camp on micro, small and medium industries concluded in the city on Saturday. On the occasion, subject experts said that new techniques will have to be adopted for better industrial management and workflow. Stress was also laid on effective use of manpower. About 100 entrepreneurs participated in the camp organised by the District Trade and Industries Centre.MLA Vishwas Sarang said that conclusions drawn at the awareness camp will certainly benefit entrepreneurs.Centre's General Manager Mohan Chaturvedi urged entrepreneurs and industrialists to avail benefit of departmental schemes. Uttam Ganguly said that entrepreneurs should adopt new techniques. Industrialist Rafeeq Khan called for development of new industrial areas for setting up of new industries and expansion of existing ones.At technical session, PK Sahu of CIPET gave information about plastic products. Manager Arvind Jain threw light on MSME Act, industrial augmentation policy 2010 and joint applicants. Manager Shailendra Singh gave information about land allotment in industrial areas.SC Verma of Entrepreneurship Development Centre, Kailash Manekar of Industries Centre, Assistant Manager Pramod Awasthi, Pramod Dixit, RK Sunoria, PK Chatterji, Satyendra Kumar, TS Parihar, TR Chauhan and Rajkumar Tiwari were also present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14537220", "title": "Mixed response from realty sector", "text": "HYDERABAD: The revised government order (GO 245) on affordable housing issued by the Municipal Administration and Urban Development (MAUD) department on Saturday evoked mixed reactions from local developers.While they lauded the state government for exempting projects measuring up to 5 acres from the EWS/LIG clause, they rued its decision to lay separate guidelines for the disposal of these units. As per the GO, the MAUD department will now issue a fresh set of norms to identify the beneficiaries of this scheme. It will also chalk out the procedure that builders have to follow while selling these houses.\"This clause (`X' in the GO) indicates that the government will have the final say on who can buy housing units, reserved for the economically weaker sections and lower income groups (EWS/LIG). Considering it is a free market, such a clause is uncalled for,\" said C Sekhar Reddy, president, Confederation of Real Estate Developers Association of India (CREDAI - AP chapter) that had been battling for the revision of GO 45 issued last year.The latest GO is an amended version of the 2011 GO that directed builders to reserve 20% of developed land in all projects, above one acre, for EWS and LIG buyers. Terming it as \"unfeasible\", developers had called for changes in the order that had brought the city's real estate market to a complete standstill.\"If the government has to keep tabs on who we sell these units to, they can set parameters for us. For instance, builders can be told that all their buyers have to be white ration card holders. But if the officials decide to identify the buyers, it can be stifling,\" said Ashwin Rao, director, Manbhum Construction Company. He added, \"We have to recover our investments. So we should be able to decide who we want to sell our property to.\"Clause (X) apart, builders also expressed their concern about the lack of concessions in the new GO. They pointed out how the government had ignored all non-multistoried projects. As per the order, the only relief that builders complying with the norms will be eligible to is a 10% concession on city level infrastructure impact fee, a fee paid only by those building more than five floors.Considering that developers had been pushing for complete waiver of building fee and registration charges on the ESW units, this comes as a rude shock. \"After waiting for over a year, the GO has failed to provide any clarity on the main areas of concern,\" said realtor B V P Raju of Ghar4U.Critics of the realty sector, however, dismissed the developers' grievances and said that the GO was entirely pro-builder. \"There are hardly any projects within the core city that measure over 5 acres. Hence, developers will not need to bother about EWS housing. They can just pay a shelter fee (of Rs 750 per square metre) and get done with it.Also, it is important that the government identify the buyers to ensure that developers do not sell them to regular customers,\" said an industry insider.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14537572", "title": "Auto owner in trouble for e-meter tampering", "text": "Mumbai: In what has once again belied government claims that e-meters are \"tamper proof\", RTO officials found an auto permit holder in Mumbai on Saturday afternoon for allegedly tampering a brand new e-meter and fudging the fares.This is the second such incident in less than a week. Earlier this week, the transport commissioner's squad had detected a tampered e-meter in Ghatkopar. The meter mechanic was arrested while notices were sent to the meter dealer and manufacturer.In Saturday's incident, RTO sources said that a team conducting surprise inspections on autos found one of the e-meters in eastern suburbs showing inflated readings. The auto permit owner was asked to bring his auto to the test track of the Wadala RTO. He was then asked to ply the vehicle following which the meter reading was found to be higher for a distance of 2 kms..Sources said that the driver was suspected to have got the e-meter tampered with the help of a mechanic, who too would be tracked down in the next few days. \"An extra magnet sensor was fitted in the meter to give additional pulse and help in manipulating readings,\" a source from transport commissioner's office said. This was the same modus operandi used in the Ghatkopar case detected earlier this week. \"The RTO team also saw a motor used in a mechanical meter fitted close to the e-meter. Was it being used to generate extra pulse? Or was there an extra switch to manipulate readings. This aspect is being probed and the auto along with meter has been confiscated for detailed inspection,\" the source stated.It is learnt that after conducting further tests/checks on the tampered e-meter, the RTO team plans to register a FIR at the police station and get the permit holder arrested.If arrested, the permit will be cancelled. Sources said the RTO will also send showcause notice to the meter manufacturer and question the company. The officials are baffled about the e-meter tampering, especially when the manufacturing company claims that they are tamper proof.The RTO team suspects that the permit holder earned more money by fleecing passengers on long distance routes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14542692", "title": "Automatic weather stations atop each ward office", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation will install 14 Automatic Weather Stations (AWS) at a cost of Rs 26 lakh in 14 wards, starting from Aundh, Kothrud, Sahakarnagar and Sangamwadi.The stations, which are currently being installed on the terraces of the ward office buildings, will help record and study the exact pattern of rainfall in an area and anticipate possible water logging during monsoon.An official from the civic body's disaster management cell said, \"The stations will help us gauge how much rainfall occurs in a particular span of time in a ward. The AWS in this ward will help us estimate the amount of rainfall occurring here in an hour's time, consequently helping us judge if there are chances of water logging in the area.\"When it rains about 40 mm, most roads in the city get waterlogged. \"If an area receives 10 mm rainfall in 15 minutes, we can estimate in what time it will it reach the 40 mm mark with the help of the AWS. We can make suitable arrangements at a site to prevent water logging and address other issues caused by excessive rainfall,\" he said.There are three existing automatic weather stations in Lohegaon, Pashan and Shivajinagar.\"Six to seven of the AWS have already been installed. All of the stations will be operational in a month's time. Each AWS will generate rainfall data after every 15 minutes,\" the official said.Automatic weather stations have a 'rain gauge', a sensor that measures rainfall. This sensor is connected to a data-logger, while the rain data is collected and transmitted to only assigned cellphone numbers (assigned by the civic body) using GSM technology.As of now, the stations will only measure rainfall. But there are provisions in the data-logger to collect information on other weather parameters such as wind-speed, wind direction, temperature, humidity and the like. The system is not web-based.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14538256", "title": "No respite from heat", "text": "KOLKATA: It's been a week since there was any real monsoon rain and the bad news only gets worse. There will be no respite from the hot and sultry weather any soon.The weather office has no clue when the city can expect rain but it won't be until a low pressure area develops, which can take 48 hours to 72 hours.Friday and Saturday were unbearable with the temperature and discomfort index soaring. The maximum temperature on Saturday was 36.8 degrees Celsius and the minimum 28.6 degrees, both three degrees above normal.\"We are keeping our eyes on the movement of the South West Monsoon. We expect a low-pressure formation in the Bay of Bengal off the Odisha coast in 72 hours,\" said G C Debnath, director, regional meteorological centre, Kolkata. There may be some showers in the coastal areas of Bengal in the next couple of days but it will not bring any comfort to the city. \"Unless there is some movement in the Bay of Bengal, the weather will continue be remain hot and humid. The maximum temperature may even shoot up,\" said Debnath.Medical practitioners have warned people against taking too much liberty in the weather that prevails. According to them, the high levels of humidity may cause dehydration. People, particularly those who move out in the Sun, need to have plenty of fluids like water, oral rehydration solution and fruit juice. People also need to cover their heads to protect themselves from the Sun, doctors said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14536832", "title": "Manohar Parrikar's fellow techies to the rescue?", "text": "PANAJI: A Goa-specific and need-based software to detect mining fraud, its implementation, information technology to introduce automation in Goa's village Panchayats, a 10-megawatt solar powered plant for Goa and several other such proposals are among those being discussed by chief minister Manohar Parrikar with members of the IIT Bombay alumni association (IITBAA) in a two-day all-chapter conclave in Goa.The conclave, with eminent IIT alumni from across the globe participating, will dwell on prioritizing, revitalizing and developing sectors that were previously neglected.The alumni association has already received proposals on various fronts that could be implemented in Goa. For example, the 10 MW solar powered plant proposed in Goa is by an entrepreneur who is already participating in the solar-powered park project in Gujarat. While that falls in the energy sector, another proposal in the field of education looks at new ways of teaching science to children. Yet another proposal in the social sector involves detecting narcotics abuse through scientific abuse. Also, in healthcare, there is a proposal for economical dialysis for failed kidney patients.Speaking on the initiative, Shridhar Shukla, chairman of IITBAA, said that for the out-of-the-box-thinking IIT Bombay alumni community, this partnership is a great opportunity to make a difference. \"For IITBAA, this is a historic moment and we're thrilled to be part of it,\" he said.Screening the proposals, Dinar Bhatkar, alumnus and a Goa chapter leader along with Bakul Desai, director IITBAA, said, \"Each of these proposals has been carefully shortlisted by the IITBAA keeping in mind the larger picture of building a progressive society through robust and transparent methods that enable even big institutions and the wealthy to conduct themselves responsibly and make contributions for the common good.\"All the entrepreneurs who have come to present their proposals will interact with Parrikar in special one-to-one sessions on both days of the conclave. IITBAA also plans to create a structure for whetting future proposals with recommendations and ensuring follow-up action with the government of Goa.IITBAA's Bangalore chapter is also running a highly-successful initiative known as VKC (village knowledge centre). This initiative of spreading computer literacy and e-enabling rural areas will also be showcased to Parrikar. \"If this initiative can be replicated in Go with due patronage from the state government, it will open up the possibility of starting this initiative in all the IITBAA chapters and make it visible enough to seek support from governments, NGOs and volunteers across India,\" IITBAA members opined.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-01"}
