{"city": "None", "code": "9282959", "title": "Pros and cons of watching porn", "text": "Sex is a natural act of love between couples which is incomplete without deep feelings for each another.But what if your sex life is witnessing a lull where the action between the sheets is lifeless and thoroughly unimaginative. To battle this dry spell, a lot of modern couples are taking recourse to watching sexually explicit videos in an effort to spice up their conjugal relationships.Pornography is as old as human kind and most couples sometime or the other have viewed some sort of pornography together. From \"soft\" porn scenes in Hollywood flicks like Unfaithful with Diane Lane and Olivier Martinez, or Body Heat starring Kathleen Turner and William Hurt to triple X rated movies, a lot of couples have taken recourse to sampling pornography. Observing couples in an erotic sex act has always been an eye opener for many as much as it forms a source of pleasure.At times, pornography is a potent catalyst which has helped enhance the sexual act between married couples who may be ignorant about experimental sex moves. Coming to their rescue, where pornography has helped them master new techniques and \"ways to pleasure\" each other.The viewing of pornography is no longer considered as \"sinful\" as getting aroused via suggestive visuals often leads to couples indulging each other in bold sexual moves. Instances of modern couples filming their love act like their Hollywood counterparts also abound. Even therapists seem to suggest that pornography as a unique a way to revive sexual desire.The only problems arise when both partners are not open to watching porn together. Take the case of Nishta (name changed), 28, a product manager in Mumbai who tolerates her man's habit of watching pornography, but claims to feeling deeply insecure with his penchant for the perfectly sculpted bodies of the porn stars.She says,\" My husband told me lots of his friends' girlfriends have gone in for plastic surgery to get that perfect hot bod. He claims that I'll possess an awesome body. But, I'm unsure whether surgery will improve our sex life. My husband is selfish sexually and I blame his obsession with pornography for it\".The main question that arises here is - does pornography have a morally justified lace in a marriage? According to a debate on Times of India.com on whether couples are okay with watching porn together, 53 pct felt that it was perfectly natural, while 43 pct held it to be morally degrading. Some of the views expressed in the debate reveal the divide in popular mindsets. \"Sex is the best therapy for couples and watching porn adds to the zing in life. As the wise say making love once is like walking 20 kms!\" holds Kaydee, from West Africa.\"Why not? It's better to watch porn together and live your sexual fantasies with your wife rather than cheating her and thinking of someone else!!\" claims another reader from Ahmedabad. Mita Seth, a 35-year-old housewife adds that \"pornography should be an aid to pleasure not the source. If one partner shows more interest in viewing pornography than in his or her spouse, then there lies a serious problem.The viewing of pornographic videos should be an activity based on mutual consent. The videos should never be the sole source of pleasure\". Psychiatrist Dr. Samir Parikh is of the opinion that, \"Pornography may or may not help; it depends on the personalities of the partners. Sometimes it may help if both are interested, but if not then it may cause a rift in the relationship. Also, the key to a good sexual life is in the overall relationship and the mutual fun. Porn could act as a trigger for short term gains in some, but certainly not for long\".\"Mind moves matter. So, porn is an evil thing which ultimately leads both partners to become vicious in the long run,\" holds another reader from Nanded. Ayesha from Mumbai adds, \"Porn is not a good way to spice up one's bedroom life. It's just a method to release frustration.\"Couples clearly stand divided on the pros and cons of watching pornography together. So, if you are game for some naughty viewing perhaps keeping in mind these good and bad pointers will help you keep porn as a healthy habit which doesn't catapult into a sex obsession:Cons:  - The guilt and mistrust about pornography can tear a marriage apart. - Turning to pornography may cause your spouse to withdraw from the real relationship because of the instant gratification one receives from it. - When your husband/wife views porn, you may feel disrespected. Some spouses start feeling insecure that they are not good enough for their mates. This can create a wedge in the marriage. - Pornography could make it difficult for one of the partners to view sex as a loving form of communication. As a result, pornography can decrease sexual satisfaction within your marriage.Pros:  - Watching X-rated porn doesn't mean your partner doesn't enjoy making love to you anymore. - A sexual relationship can be enhanced when your imagination is allowed to run free. - Sexual intimacy is not being replaced with porn. Don't allow the medium to rake up issues in your marriage. - If your partner is viewing porn, it can only hurt you if you allow it to. If you aren't insecure and have a good self-image, your partner's porn use won't hurt you.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11614288", "title": "There is no shortcut of \u2018riyaaz\u2019: Bombay Jayashri", "text": "Think of Carnatic music and its legacy in our nation and one name that surely comes in mind is of Bombay Jayashri Ramnath's.Heading from a family of musicians, she certainly dedicated herself to the art that she grew up with and became a true guardian of this distinctive genre of Indian classical music.So did it help growing in a family of musicians, \"It definitely did,\" she admits, \"It's wonderful when you don't have to go far for your queries and your parents can catch the minute mistakes and correct you while 'riyaaz'. I remember how my parents always used to encourage me to put more and more time and energy to practice and how they used to make me understand that it's not a big deal to sit at a place for four hours and do your 'riyaaz' continuously.\"But she says that, having a family of musicians is of help till an extent, \"Once you start it professionally, you are on your own like any other field,\" she says, \"We have ample of examples of noted classical musicians whose families might have nothing at all to do with music. And in today's competitive time, I see even better picture where all have the same opportunity irrespective to what background they come from. Lots of my young students are doing extremely well for themselves with their love and dedication for the art even without having anybody in family who understands the technicalities of Carnatic music. At the end, it's all about your 'riyaaz' and passion. There aren't any shortcuts to 'sadhana', 'riyaaz' and hard work.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11610158", "title": "New services by KSRTC on the anvil", "text": "KOCHI: The decision of the state government to acquire 100 new buses has come as a shot in the arm for the district. Since majority of buses will be allotted to the Ernakulam depot, the Kerala State Transport Corporation (KSRTC) is now planning to augment its services by introducing new bus routes. Before making a final decision, the corporation will consider the views submitted by the residents' associations.P L Jose, Zonal Officer of KSRTC, said there is a demand to start bus services in interior areas of the district where the regular services are absent. \"The government has decided against procuring mini-buses, but we will be getting buses that are smaller than the regular ones, which could be used for this purpose,\" Jose said.The city requires more services connecting Vytilla Mobility Hub and Vypeen, Njarakkal, Cherai and its adjacent regions. KSRTC will also explore the possibility of linking remote areas such Perumbadappu and Kumbalangi with the city through alterative routes. It will also consider starting services to Pookattupadi and Chembarakky.The corporation is also planning to introduce buses to areas such as Chitoor, Elamakkara, and Vaduthala, where the private operators have a monopoly. \"We will have to ensure the frequency of services to get passenger patronage,\" said Jose. Senior officials of KSRTC said they will finalize the new routes after checking the feasibility of services. They added that while there is demand for the buses during peak hours, most buses ply almost empty during off-peak hours.\"While deciding on new routes we will try to avoid main junctions where traffic blocks are a regular feature. We will introduce more buses in the regular routes to support the existing system,\" said Jose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11610653", "title": "Armed men steal Rs 1.5L from Reliance store", "text": "GURGAON: Five masked armed robbers looted Rs 1.5 lakh cash from the Reliance Fresh outlet on new Railway Road on Sunday night. The masked robbers entered the basement when the employees were counting cash. Police have lodged an FIR.According to the police, five masked armed robbers reached the Reliance Fresh outlet around 10pm on Sunday and one of them took the store security guard hostage at gunpoint. After this the other four rushed to the basement of the store where three employees of the store were busy taking stock of the proceeds of the day's sale. The robbers held them at gunpoint, stole Rs 1.5 lakh cash and fled from the store.After the incident, store manager Ranjan Kumar called the police control room. The Sector 5 police did reach the spot and informed their colleagues at various escape routes in the city but the robbers had fled by then.\"We have asked to store manager to provide the CCTV footage. Our teams are on the job,\" said Dr. Abhay Singh Rao, DCP (west).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11611331", "title": "Thakur brothers selected for national gymnastic competition", "text": "LUDHIANA: Thakur brothers are on cloud nine after being selected for school national gymnastic competition that would be held in Kolkata, West Bengal, next month.Enthusiastic after their selection, Madhav and Keshav Thakur, residents of Guru Arjun Dev Nagar, are practicing hard for this national challenge so that they can clinch some medals for their state in the national meet.A student of class VIII in BCM School, Chandigarh Road, Madhav, 14, the elder one, has been practicing gymnastics in the multi-purpose indoor hall of Guru Nanak Dev Stadium for last few years. He said to be a part of the state team in the nationals is a matter of prestige for any sportsperson and they both are happy that they have made it to the state squad. Madhav said he has already won many medals in the district and state gymnastic competitions, but this would be another good exposure for him.Their father, Prem Singh is their coach and also the inspiration. The brothers said their father inculcated interest for gymnastics in them. Keshav, 12, said gymnastics is his passion and he wants to become an international player. A student of class VI in same school, he said he is good in floor exercises as he has a flexible body. Prem Singh is happy that his sons have got this chance. It's his deep desire that they should represent the country at the international level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11609585", "title": "2,000 new housing board flats to come up", "text": "COIMBATORE: Over 2,000 families of government employees who live in dilapidated housing board flats in the Race Course area can now breathe easy.The state government has allocated Rs 300 crore to Tamil Nadu Housing Board (TNHB) for the demolition of ruined flats and construction of 2000 new flats at Kavundampalayam, a little away from the hustle and bustle of the city.The flat complex to come up in Kavundampalayam will have modern facilities including lift. Though the detailed estimate will be prepared later, construction works will be carried out at an estimated cost of Rs 300 crore.The houses will be categorized into three types, A, B, C, which will be 1,200 sq ft, 1000 sq ft and 800 sq ft respectively. This is 200 sq ft more (in each category) than the older government housing.The new complex will have 10 floors and the construction will be able to sustain large earthquakes and other natural calamities. The building will have lifts and residents will have adequate space to relax within the compound. The present housing complex has 500 houses which will be demolished for the construction of the 2000 new houses.Howerver, the residents continue to live in the TNHB residence, despite being served their notices. S Nirmala, a resident at DFO Colony has been living there for the past 25 years. She confirms that they have received their notices, but no alternative living arrangements have been made so far by the authorities, thereby, making it difficult for them to move out.\"Time and again we have complained about the poor maintenance and the need to repair many of the buildings. But our pleas fell on the deaf ears,\" said P Vijay, another resident.The notice states that the government or TNHB will not be responsible for any untoward incidents that happen and residents should vacate with immediate effect, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11609511", "title": "Farm loan riddle in debt-trap districts", "text": "KOLKATA: Farm loans are still out of bounds for a major section of small and marginal farmers in Bengal who often fall prey to local money lenders.A check of the districts where farmer suicides have taken place reveals a communication gap between banks and farmers who can't approach even public sector banks due to lack of papers. What's more, interpretations vary between the banks.That explains why less than 50% of the 1.03 crore farming households in Bengal have Kisan Credit Cards (KCC) despite chief minister Mamata Banerjee's insistence on 100% coverage.Septuagenarian Tarak Mondal of Gopaler Bheri village in Hooghly has never taken a farm loan. He thinks he does not have the documents for it. But UCO Bank authorities have a different story. \"Public sector banks do not ask for any document for loans up to Rs 50,000,\" said Manoj Kumar , deputy general manager, financial inclusion department. They only need to give a declaration that they are actively engaged in the agricultural activities.\"There are explicit guidelines from Agriculture Insurance Company (AICI) of India that all cultivated crop should come under the purview of crop insurance,\" Kumar said.However, the perception at the grassroots is quite different. Farmers think that they are not entitled to crop insurance if they do not avail farm loans under KCC.Hooghly agricultural information officer Ranjan Das said that 3 lakh of the 4.52 lakh farmers in the district have KCC and crop cover.Even banks differ on their take on the issue. Uday Chowdhury, deputy manager, United Bank of India (UBI), JK Bazar, Hooghly said: \"We do not provide farmers in this district with credit on insurance if they do not have the documents to prove land ownership.\"But UBI deputy general manager, priority sector and financial inclusion, Abdul Wahid, opined otherwise. \"Any farmer with the right to cultivate can avail loan up to Rs 50,000 by giving the declaration that he is an active farmer with farming rights.\"Banks charge 7% interest on farm loans up to Rs 3 lakh and if it is repaid on time, they give a 3% interest incentive. Bhaskar Sen, chairman and managing director, UBI said: \"The response for farm loan is good and we are trying to provide assistance to potential borrowers.\"Even the intermediaries are not very clear about the loan procedure. Anandanagar (Hooghly) gram panchayat pradhan Premprasad Adhikari said: \"In our village, almost every farmer is listed with the Samabayi Krishi Unnayan Samiti that helps them avail KCC, loans and crop insurance. But a handful of them could not avail this facility because they do not have the proper papers of their fragmented land holdings.\"The scenario is no better in Burdwan. \"In Bengal the credit deposit ratio of commercial banks is 60% but in Burdwan, it is the lowest at 33%,\" said a district official. A large section of the 7.5 lakh farmers who apply for loans from commercial banks and cooperative societies fail to get it due to lack of land documents, he said.Burdwan Central Cooperative Bank has given loan of Rs 80 crore to 90,000 potato farmers but the recovery so far is 2% less than last year, said bank director bank Chittaranjan Banerjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11609403", "title": "Capital to try out foreign waste processing models", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The state government is planning to set up new waste processing units in the city modeled after some successful waste processing mechanisms from foreign countries.The models have been proposed by the technical committee constituted by the Shuchitwa mission to study waste processing mechanisms in foreign countries.The models include an integrated processing plant,modern bio-methanation unit and pyrolysis or gasification unit.\"All these models do not have any odour or leakage. It would not even need additional land for filling the sanitary waste,\" said a top official of Shuchitwa mission on the sidelines of a seminar on garbage treatment held here on Tuesday.The official explained that the government is now trying to identify ideal locations for installing these new plants. The plants will be set up on public-private partnership basis. Each plant will have a capacity to process 25-30 tonnes of waste per dayThe technical committee has also proposed for the setting up of a leakage-free waste plant in Kochi. \"The idea is to promote source level waste treatment along with high capacity projects.Two-three mega plants will be set up at key locations in the city. Besides the government will provide subsidy for every household interested in decentralised waste management,\" he said.He revealed that a 500 tonne capacity mega waste treatment plant will soon come up in Kochi. The project report for the initial phase has already been completed.The seminar was jointly organised by Local self government and district panchayat. Mayor K.Chandrika who spoke on the occasion called the closure of Vilappilsala plant a violation of democracy.Representatives of 64 residents associations and owners of flats, hotels and auditoriums participated in the seminar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11609944", "title": "State govt may hike fee of lawyers", "text": "PATNA: The state government is contemplating to raise the fee of its standing counsels, government pleaders and government advocates in view of their long pending demand.A high-powered committee headed by the chief secretary will hold a meeting to discuss the issue on January 30. The meeting will be attended by the finance and law secretaries also.The committee will discuss the emoluments and other fee structure of these government lawyers.Talking to TOI, Patna High Court (HC) standing counsel Arvind Ujjwal said, \"The committee recently issued notification with regard to appointment of two additional standing counsels in the Supreme Court. They will be getting Rs 18,000 per month, including Rs 3,000, as contingency amount. Apart from Rs 18,000, they will be getting Rs 1,500 per day per case for admission and Rs 2,000 per day per case for hearing with a maximum of Rs 3.50 lakh per month.\"He said that the state government counsel get a paltry Rs 3,000 per month and Rs 900 each per day per case for admission and hearing and Rs 400 for appearing in contempt cases with a maximum of Rs 23,000 per month.There are 27 standing counsels in Patna HC apart from 26 government pleaders and 11 government advocates.While the government pleaders get Rs 5,000 per month and another Rs 1,000 per day for each case, the government advocates get Rs 7,000 per month. \"We are demanding hike in our salary,\" Ujjwal said, adding the state's additional advocate general had sent a memorandum to the government in this regard in June-July 2011.The advocate general had also recommended the same to the committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11611285", "title": "Love, moral support for Lotika maam", "text": "LUDHIANA: It was a day Lotika Bajaj will never forget - a day that has left Lotika forever indebted to her students and their love.Lotika fractured her leg in an accident on January 18 and was rushed to Dayanand Medical College and Hospital, where she is admitted at present. And since that day her students have been coming in groups to help her and look after her. From medicines to interacting with doctors, students role is truly appreciable.Recalling the fateful day, Lotika, who is a lecturer in pharmacy department of Punjab College of Technical Education (PCTE), said, \"It was just not my day so I had to suffer.But all said and done, my students were a great help throughout. More than the physical support, its the moral and emotional support that helps and my students gave me loads of it. I am sure its helping me to recover faster.''Student Rachit Verma of Prem Nagar said, \"When I got to know about the accident, I immediately rushed to the hospital to take care of everything. I make sure I come here everyday in order to ensure my teacher's well-being.''Resident of Model Town, student Simardeep Singh said, \"I miss Lotika maam and her interesting lectures. I hope she gets well soon.''Resident of Azad Nagar, student Bipan Kumar said, \"When someone is unwell they need a lot of moral support. Same is for Lotika maam. So for the same all of us have decided to make sure that one of us stay with maam all the time.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11609945", "title": "State Child rights commission remains headless", "text": "BHOPAL: The Madhya Pradesh Commission for Protection of Child Rights has been rendered toothless tiger in the absence of a head to give it direction, says the chairperson of the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) Shantha Sinha.In Bhopal to attend a convention on children's right to food, Sinha told TOI: \"It is unfortunate that the state has not had a full time chairperson for the commission, for the last three months\".The last chairperson, Sheela Khanna, retired in October last year. Even the post of the commission secretary has been vacant for some time now.Sinha added, \"While a commission member is empowered to function, a chairperson is required to authorise enquiries and settle matters related to finance, among other responsibilities.\"State commission member commission member Vibhangshu Joshi echoed it : \"Currently the members can only suggest to the government. We have sent reports to the Collector. But neither can the commission summon anyone nor can it take any action, in the absence of a chairperson.\"Deputy secretary, women and child development department Rekha Sharma told TOI : \"The Chief Minister has to nominate the chairperson of the commission.\"Under the Right to Education (RTE) Act, the responsibility of the state Commission for Protection of Child Rights increases as they have been empowered to act as the monitoring agency.The mismatch between the commission's wherewithal and the scope of its work is apparent from the fact that monitoring just RTE will itself involve keeping a watch on about 50,000 primary and higher secondary schools across the State. That is besides addressing complaints on child rights violations, sources in the women and child development department observed.The sources reminded that the incident of RTE violation at the local Carmel Convent highlighted the commission members' inability to take suo motu action. According to the members, they were on an 'unofficial' visit to the school when they received a complaint about corporal punishment in the school.Principal secretary, women and child development department BR Naidu was unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11609857", "title": "Punjab polls: 61 in fray with criminal cases", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It's not the crorepatis alone who have been blessed with tickets by mainstream parties in Punjab, criminals in large numbers have also been provided an opportunity to make the most of the forthcoming elections.According to data released by Association for Democratic Reforms (ADR) and Punjab Election Watch (PEW), 61 politicians in the fray have criminal cases pending against them. The ADR has analyzed 408 candidates. Out of the 61 candidates, 22 have grim criminal cases - of murder, attempt to murder, kidnapping and robbery among others -- against them.While Congress has fielded 23 such candidates, SAD has given tickets to 18 who have criminal records. While BSP has nine candidates in the fray with criminal past, BJP and CPI have two each.The politicians against whom criminal cases are pending include Bibi Jagir Kaur, who is SAD candidate from Bholath and was also SGPC president, who is facing charges of murder, kidnapping and wrongful confinement among others.The list also includes Punjab deputy chief minister Sukhbir Badal, who is facing attempt to murder charges; SAD's Ranjit Singh Talwandi, who is facing three criminal cases, including of murder; Aman Arora of Congress, who is facing criminal charges, including of theft; and Balbir Singh Sidhu of Congress, who is facing murder charges.Joga Singh, who is contesting from Patiala on PPP ticket, is facing a criminal case for \"obscene acts and songs and attempt to murder\".PEW coordinator Jaskirat Singh said that the criminalization of politics in Punjab was a threat to holding elections in a democratic manner. \"Punjab has been plagued with money and muscle power along with the criminalization of politics. It's up to the voters who they want to make their representative,\" said Jaskirat.Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11609049", "title": "More citizens sign up to vote than last time", "text": "MUMBAI: The city may finally cast off its tag of having a low turnout on election day. Going by the voters' list published by the State Election Commission, the total number of citizens who have registered themselves has seen a leap from 83.88 lakh in 2007 to 1.02 crore. The rise, seen especially in the suburbs, seems to be the fruit of BMC's \"Be a Voter\" campaign.So far, L ward (Kurla) has registered the maximum number of voters, followed by K-East and K-West, with 6,19,706 and 6,82,135. With the rise in the number of registered voters, the cost to conduct the polls will also go up. A BMC election officer said the civic body would set aside Rs 35 per voter, while the figure was Rs 26 crore during the last session.The civic body on Monday said several measures had been taken to make the poll a success. To begin with, the state poll panel will set up booths at housings societies that have more than 1,000 residents. This, the officials believe, will motivate more people, especially the middle-class, to vote as they would not have to travel too far. But so far, of the 150 societies to whom the BMC had written, asking to set up polling boo-ths on their ground floors or parking lots, only 28 have responded.Also, giving in to the SEC's demand that disabled citizens should be able to conveniently access polling booths, the BMC has decreased the number of units located on higher floors of a building, which do not have a lift, from 1,666 in 2007 to 28 this year.The civic body also announced that it had started a facility, through which voters can get the exact address of their polling booth by sending a message to 56677. Voters can also learn about their electoral roll numbers, polling booth locations and other allied information.With barely a month left for the polls, the list of booths in \"sensitive areas\" is being finalized. Civic chief Subodh Kumar said the entire voters' list had been sent to the police who would mark the sensitive areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11609193", "title": "Sena-BJP slated to meet today", "text": "NASHIK: The crucial meeting between the saffron partners, Shiv Sena and Bharatiya Janata Party , to discuss seat-sharing ahead of the elections to the Nashik Municipal Corporation was again postponed to Tuesday.The meeting, which has been getting postponed for various reasons, was scheduled to be held on Monday. But it was put off to Tuesday, as Monday was considered inauspicious due to amavasya or new moon day, which is also a no moon day.The last meeting between the Sena and the BJP leaders to discuss seat-sharing was held on Thursday but had remained inconclusive. It was postponed to Friday and from then on, it has been getting delayed as both parties claimed that they were busy in interviewing aspirants for zilla parishad and corporation polls.The filing of the nomination papers for the NMC election is beginning on Tuesday and the last date for filing of the papers is January 31.While the zilla parishad elections will be held on February 7, Nashik Municipal Corporation will go to polls on February 16.The saffron partners need to finalize their seats, as another ally RPI (Athavale faction) also needs to be allocated seats.\"Actually, the meeting between Shiv Sena and BJP leaders over seat-sharing had been scheduled for Monday, but it was postponed to Tuesday due to amavasya (new moon or no moon day), as it is supposed to be inauspicious for commencement of good work. Now, the meet will definitely be held on Tuesday,\" a senior BJP office-bearer told TOI.In 2007, the Shiv Sena and BJP had jointly contested elections to NMC for all 108 seats and had come to power with the support of independents and small parties. Of 108 seats, Shiv Sena and BJP had contested 62 and 46 wards, respectively. Shiv Sena had won 26 seats, while BJP had won 14.This time, RPI (Athavale) has also joined hands with the Sena-BJP alliance to contest elections to NMC. RPI has claimed to have reached consensus over 11 seats and have demanded another 10-12 seats.\"We have had positive talks with the Shiv Sena and the BJP on seat-sharing. Earlier, we had demanded 30 seats. But we have reached consensus on 11 seats and have staked claim for another 10-12 seats,\" Prakash Londhe, party's Nashik district chief, had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11609745", "title": "Punjab polls: Parties give tickets to crorepatis", "text": "CHANDIGARH: There is hardly any room left for non-crorepatis in Punjab politics. The mainstream political parties have given tickets to either crorepatis or super crorepatis for the elections to be held in a week's time. While Congress has 96 crorepati politicians, SAD has 93 and BJP 18 out of the 23 contestants with assets in crores.Even the newly-launched People's Party of Punjab has distributed a majority of its tickets to the rich. Its 53 belong to the crorepati club.Data released by the Association for Democratic Reforms (ADR) and Punjab Election Watch, reveals that 266 contestants out of the 408 analyzed are crorepatis. Leading the pack is Karan Kaur, daughter-in-law former chief minister Harcharan Brar and Congress candidate from Muktsar. Her movable and immovable assets are valued at Rs 128.4 crores. She is contesting elections for the first time, in place of her sitting MLA husband Sunny Brar.Kaur is followed by Punjab deputy chief minister Sukhbir Badal and Congress leaders Kewal Singh Dhillon and Rana Gurjit Singh, with assets of Rs 90.86 crore, Rs 78.51 crore and Rs 68.48 crore respectively. BJP's Sukhpal Singh Nanu is at number 5 in the crorepati list, with his assets amounting to Rs 55.72 crore.Interestingly, some of the crorepati politicians have also liabilities in crores.Sukhbir tops the list with a liability of Rs 31.77 crore, followed by Rana Gurjit Singh and Kewal Dhillon with liabilities of Rs 22 crore and Rs 21 crore, respectively.While Punjab may be neck-deep in debt and facing a finacial crisis but politicians here have flourished in the last five years. ADR figures reveal that there has been an increase of 25% in the number of crorepatis contesting elections. While in 2007 elections, 184 candidates out of 462 analyzed were crorepatis (40%), this year, a total 266 contestants out of the 408 analyzed (65%) are crorepatis.According to Jagdeep Chhokar, founder member of ADR, political parties seem to love only wealthy candidates. \"It is obvious that parties give tickets to the rich only which is very unfortunate.\" He added that the role of money in elections in Punjab is increasing. \"This trend of increased money power in Punjab is worrisome and a threat to democratic values,\" said Chhokar.There are also candidates, who primarily belong to BSP and smaller parties or are independents, and have shown almost negligible assets in their affidavits to the elections commission. These poor candidates are led by BSP's Prem Masih, who is contesting from Dera Baba Nanak in Gurdaspur, with total assets of just Rs 1,000. Mohinder Singh of CPI, Sukhjit Singh, an independent, have shown their assets to be Rs 10,964 and Rs 15,000 respectively.Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "11611797", "title": "Sukumar Azhikode: A great voice is stilled", "text": "THRISSUR: The condition of the noted social and cultural critic Sukumar Azhikode, who passed away on Tuesday was deteriorating day by day, after he was admitted to Amala Hospital near here on December 10. He was slurring when this correspondent visited the 85-year old orator at Amala Hospital, in Thrissur on January 3. Fast spreading cancer seemed to have gained an upper hand even on his tongue which had mesmerized thousands of people across the state and even outside by providing sumptuous and inspiring treats of words of wisdom on divergent topics for about six decades. It was a hard task to hold back tears and appear to be calm when one realizes that it has become impossible to make sense of even a single word uttered by a man who was a charismatic presence in the social and cultural lives of Kerala for decades on mainly through the delivery of scholarly and poetic observations from public platforms.During a visit to the hospital couple of days earlier, he told TOI in his inimitable style, \"You have reported many of Azhikode's speeches in the past. Now you will have to report the `Silence' of Azhikode.\" Many of his fans were praying for a painless and early end for him then, even though they are acutely aware of the deep vacuum that his departure would create in Kerala's public sphere. But Azhikode who always loved to be in the midst of his admirers still seemed then to be drawing up some energy levels to fight the agonies of cancer when numerous visitors from divergent backgrounds throng in his hospital room.Born on May 26, 1926 in the northern Kannur district, Azhikode has been a significant presence in Kerala as a teacher, writer, critic and orator with deep insights in Malayalam, Sanskrit and English literatures and in Indian philosophy. He took BT in Malayalam followed by MA and PhD in Malayalam. Azhikode was a teacher at Rajas High School, Chirackal, St. Aloysius College, Mangalore and Devagiri College, Kozhikode and later Principal of SNM Training College, Moottakunnam, and a Professor and Pro-Vice-Chancellor of Calicut University. He retired in 1986. He was the chairman of the National Book Trust between 1993 and 1996.In the late sixties and seventies Azhikode was being revered by many Keralites as an erudite scholar and teacher who had acquired extensive mastery over Indian mythology and philosophy as well as over the teachings of great personalities like Vakbhatananda, Sree Narayana Guru and Mahatma Gandhi. The scholarly insights and remarkable oratorical skills enabled Azhikode to leave an indelible mark among the intellectual community within the state and outside. These qualities made Azhikode almost a cult figure in Kerala, during his subsequent phase of activism of late eighties, nineties and two thousands. His discourses on Ramayana and Mahabharatha, in the periods of deepening communal divide immediately after the demolition of Babri Masjid, had made him popular among those who were keen to see the pluralistic and humanistic ethos of Indian philosophy. No wonder they also made him the worst enemy of the Sangh Parivar outfits who were desperately trying to carve out a monotheist religion out of the divergent value systems and beliefs prevailed in different parts of the country.Inspired by Gandhian thoughts and insights Azhikode was able to effectively portray the compassionate and just face of Lord Rama and to checkmate the hate campaigns of the Sang Parivar outfits in the name of Ram Temple at Ayodya. His later leanings towards the CPM and the Left movement provided him numerous platforms to articulate his social and literary concerns.Poet KG Sankaparapillai describes him as a scholar who relentlessly searched for `ideal human being' who has inspired the humanistic and ethical ethos enshrined at the core of Indian and Western philosophies. He was able to find abundance resources for this in the teachings of The Buddha, Jesus Christ, Mohammad and in the more recent figuers like Gandhiji, Ram Manohar Lohya as well in the works of writers like Shakesphere and Tolstoy. In that sense he stood for integration of the best of the Oriental and Occidental cultures. In the recent periods he could also imbibe the radical values of the Marxist philosophy as well and had become idealist radical. He took on every individual and movements who fell short against the bench mark he had set for ideal human being', despite the fact some of them were revered as idols in their respective fields, and his earlier close friends too. He never minced words when fighting against literary icons late G Sanakara Kurup or political leaders like late K Karunakaran.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11609536", "title": "Book fair to celebrate culture too", "text": "KOLKATA: With several renowned authors and intellectuals set to grace the first Kolkata Literary Meet (KLM) at the 36th Kolkata International Book Fair, it is set to be a \"confluence of literature and culture\".To be inaugurated on Tuesday by Italian author Beppe Severgnini in the presence of chief minister Mamata Banerjee , the fair is ready with a series of 'firsts', including a music-and-dance concert by Italian artists at the closing ceremony. There has, however, been a drop in the number of stalls.\"This year, we will celebrate literature and culture. The first KLM will be big and easily the chief attraction of this fair. But we shall also have many other surprises. The inauguration, for instance, will have a music concert for the first time. We shall also observe Tagore's and Swami Vivekananda's 150th anniversary at the fair through lectures and seminars. Book-lovers can also look forward to interacting with Severgnini who is very popular in Bengal. One of his celebrated books, 'La Bella Figura', has been translated into Bengali and will be distributed free at the inauguration,\" said Tridib Chattopadhyay, general secretary of the Publishers' and Booksellers' Guild.Due to security reasons, KLM, however, will be held at a smaller auditorium at Milan Mela ground, which is the venue. The fire brigade has refused permission for a bigger auditorium on the ground that it may not be safe. \"We have shifted it to a smaller auditorium. Even though we wanted a bigger space, we have no option but to abide by the fire brigade guidelines. But it will still be an event to look forward to,\" said Chattopadhyay.KLM, in fact, is set to be a star-studded event with authors Vikram Seth , Chetan Bhagat, Amish Tripathi and cricketer-turned-politician Imran Khan set to attend it. There has not been any cancellation from the invitees for KLM, said Malavika Banerjee, the spokesperson.\"We are ready to hold the KLM. I am often being asked if Imran Khan will attend it. He will, unless there's a coup in Pakistan. Barring Roopam Islam, one of our guests who pulled out due to a concert, all will attend the meet. We would have loved to hold it at a bigger auditorium. There could be some inconvenience due to space constraints, so let's wait for a bigger and better KLM next year,\" said Banerjee. A stall at the KLM venue will sell autographed copies of books by authors attending the meet.The meet will also have a signature song sung by Kaushiki Desikan and Monali Thakur. The music has been composed by Shantanu Moitra and will be played at the KLM.Music, dance and books from Italy will enthrall visitors this year. Italian participation will not merely be restricted to books, said Joel Melchiori, the Italian consul-general in Kolkata.\"Even though literature remains a major bonding factor between the two countries, we will also forge a link through our cinema and food. We shall close our participation with a guitar concert on the final day of the fair. I hope that once Kolkatans have acquainted themselves with Italy through our authors and musicians, they would want to visit the country,\" said Melchiori.Meanwhile, the number of stalls at the fair has been reduced to 785 from last year's 842. This has been done to have more open space at the fair ground, according to the guild authorities. \"Last year, the venue had looked like Benaras with narrow lanes criss-crossing each other. It will be much better this time,\" said Sudhangshu Dey of the guild.Book sales have been steadily spiralling at the fair over the years, said Chattopadhyay. \"Last year, books worth Rs 20 crore were sold, which was substantially higher than the previous year's figure,\" he said.The Kolkata Police has made arrangements for four parking venues - at the stock exchange ground, on the Science City campus, at PC Chandra gardens and under the Ambedkar bridge.Traffic snarls are expected since the stretch of the EM Bypass near Milan Mela has been reduced to just 20 feet due to the ongoing flyover construction. Two thousand traffic policemen will be posted on the thoroughfare. The fair ground will have six watchtowers and 24 CCTV cameras.Policemen will cordon off the road with ropes to prevent pedestrians from spilling on to the thoroughfare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11613190", "title": "Liv Tyler likes dad's fiancee", "text": "Liv Tyler likes he father Stephen Tyler's fiancee \"very much\".The actress is thrilled her rocker dad is going to marry Erin Brady - an executive for Clear Channel - and she can't wait for the wedding.Speaking to People magazine at the Sundance Film Festival , she revealed Stephen and Erin have been together \"for a long, long time\" and added: \"I like her very much.\"Liv also revealed she is following in the Aerosmith rocker's musical footsteps.The 34-year-old star - whose mother is model-and-singer Bebe Buell - has recorded a cover version of INXS song 'I Need You Tonight' for a Givenchy commercial which she appears in.Liv - who has a seven-year-old son Milo - said: \"I got to record a cover of INXS's 'I Need You Tonight' for a Givenchy commercial. It was fun and terrifying and wonderful.\"I always thought when I was a little girl that I'd be a singer. My mom was always in bands. My dad. And my stepfather, Todd Rundgren , is an incredible musician.\"Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "11609020", "title": "Growers protest govt's anti-farmer policies", "text": "TRICHY: A group of farmers of the Tamil Nadu Farmers' Association staged a demo to condemn the state government for introducing policies that are not in favour of farmers.The protest demonstration was held near the district collectorate. The farmers asked the collector to represent their issues to the state government.MP Chinnathurai, the organizer of the association, led the demonstration, with fifty others participating in the protest.The farmers wanted to state government to reconsider the procurement price of sugarcane which is Rs 2,100 per quintal. At this price, farmers may not make a profit.They wanted the rate to be fixed at Rs 3,000 per quintal. They also wanted the price of paddy to be fixed at Rs 2,000 per quintal.Ganesan, the district secretary of the association recalled the police firing against the farmers who protested during 1970-1992.About 57 families of the victims should be given compensation of Rs.10,00,000, a monthly pension and a government job. Farmers also insisted that the government should restore the 'Ariyaru' river in Thirvuverumbur Taluk that had disappeared due to encroachment. The state government should expedite the linking of rivers in Tamil Nadu. They alleged that the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme had led to manpower shortage in the agriculture sector. They wanted the government to improve the scheme such that employment is provided throughout the year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11609290", "title": "\u2018Why does Cong want to turn India into a religious state?\u2019", "text": "After being sidelined in UP for the past six months, Uma Bharti has resurfaced as the star campaigner of the saffron brigade. By fielding her from Charkhari - a back of the beyond constituency in Bundelkhand - her birth place, BJP president Gadkari has hinted that the firebrand Sadhvi could play an important role post assembly election. And even tough her senior colleagues have gone into a sulk at the development, the cadre is more than happy to have the most celebrated Hindutva icon and a former chief minister with an unblemished report card to bank on. Known for a quick repartee and crisp one-liners, Uma's entry, apart from other factors, has definitely perked up the drab poll scene.In a conversation with Manjari Mishra , the firebrand sadhvi discusses her road map to UP 2012:The BJP seems to be making much of the minority quota in the OBC. Is it a deliberate ploy to divide and rule?Tell me why did the Congress get this bright idea to offer reservation only a month before UP elections? Why this insistence on a religion-based reservation in an avowedly secular country? We are after all a Hindu nation and not a Hindu state so why does the Congress want to turn India into a religious state like Pakistan where the minority Hindus suffer much? Moreover, 4.5% reservation is a huge sham which will only benefit the creamy layer of backward Muslims who have now been confined to a set slot.But isn't BJP out to stoke hatred among Hindu OBC to for electoral gains?Nothing to do with vote bank politics. It is something which concerns our ideology and basic belief. We don't want bloodshed and violence over this issue but at the same time we would by a massive agitation force the Centre to roll back the 4.5% reservation sop to minorities . BJP will not allow the pseudo secular forces to damage the interests of backward Hindus for their narrow gains.BJP is known to be a divided house in UP. Going by the past performance, it may again be a fringe player. How do you assess the party's chances?BJP has a very strong network of grassroots cadre. In fact, this has been our strong point all along. Leaders are working very hard to galvanise them. The public response to our candidates is very encouraging. BJP is the only party which has given a corruption-free rule in UP in the past so many years. Therefore, whatever our detractors say we will make our mark this time.How will the BJP fare, as per your estimate?(Laughs) You are asking someone who is in the contest herself. Of course we will win, why not? I am a fighter and have the reputation of being confident. So take it seriously.Congress leaders call you a comatose party on ventilator and claim that their fight is with BSP and SP. BJP is not in the fray at all.This shows their desperation. You see they had thought that the common man was unhappy with the BSP and SP and, therefore, they would be able to cash in on this angst and convert into votes. With BJP 's presence, this plan has been derailed and the realisation has led to frustration among them. This explains the use of derogatory remarks against me by their senior leaders. I am surprised and shocked both. I hope Rahul Gandhi takes charge and teaches basic manners to his flock.What are the key issues you for you this time?Naturally the rampant corruption of Mayaraj and goondaraj of Samajwadi Party which I am sure the public has yet not forgotten. Congress party stands totally discredit in Delhi as well. The public is bleeding and we have the balm to dress their wounds. We have enough time. All it needs is to awaken the voters to ground realities.Won't you add Uma factor as something which could swing vote in the BJP's favour?I feel blessed that workers, supporters or public takes notice of my presence and feels I would be able to make a difference.With your busy schedule, will have time to campaign in Charkhari?Certainly. Charkhari is the most peaceful constituency in Bundelkhand with lowest reported crime in the belt. I am no stranger there. Khajuraho, my constituency in MP boarders Charkhari. Now, voters know how I changed Khajuraho and gave it a facelift with a slew of development projects from surface transport ministry, Railways, tourism etc. Then though Rahul has no clue, I have been touring Bundelkhand all this while. My voters therefore have faith that I can be trusted to make a positive change in their lives too.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11607826", "title": "Night shelter a fundamental right, says SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: People sleeping under open sky pavements in the night even after 64 years of Independence was in breach of right to life guaranteed under the Constitution, said the Supreme Court on Monday while directing northern Indian states to provide night shelter facilities, even if temporary, to help protect them from the biting cold during this year's prolonged winter.Referring to a TOI report that this winter may sting till March, a bench of Justices Dalveer Bhandari and Dipak Misra said right to shelter was part of right to life guaranteed under Article 21 and that it was obligatory on the part of the states to \"protect and preserve\" human lives during the cold wave conditions prevailing in the northern states.\"We direct the authorities, particularly in northern states of Jammu and Kashmir, Himachal Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Punjab, Haryana, Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh and Bihar to provide at least temporary night shelters to preserve and protect the lives of homeless people in consonance with the philosophy of the Constitution under Article 21,\" the bench said giving a week's time to the governments to implement the order.The status report compiled by advocate Ravindra Bana showed that Maharashtra and West Bengal lagged behind in providing adequate number of night shelter to the urban homeless and destitute. An anguished bench said: \"For a civilized society, people sleeping on pavements and footpaths even after 64 years of independence are a matter of concern.\"The court was sure that the inadequate facilities in West Bengal must have been because of the issue not being brought to the notice of West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee . \"You have a very sensitive chief minister. What are you doing? You take it up with the chief minister,\" the bench advised the state's counsel, who said of the required 134 night shelters, only six were operational.The court appreciated the work of Madhya Pradesh government which informed the court that it had provided proper facilities in 38 night shelters and another 61 were under construction. The court posted the matter for further hearing on February 27 to take stock of the progress made by the states in constructing night shelters.Petitioner People's Union for Civil Liberties counsel Colin Gonsalves said the joint inspection of the facilities would be taken up by an NGO along with officials within two weeks and report would be submitted to the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11610176", "title": "Migrant labourer held for sexual abuse attempt", "text": "KOCHI: A migrant labourer was arrested at Muvattupuzha on Thursday for attempting to sexually abuse a 10-year-old girl. The accused was identified as Mohammed Shafiq (40) of West Bengal.Police said the accused was staying in a rented building at Kavumkara near Muvattupuzha. He allegedly tried to sexually abuse the girl when her parents were away on work.The girl and her family members also hail from West Bengal.Though the accused tried to escape when the girl cried out loudly, he was caught by the local people and handed over to the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11609210", "title": "Former bureaucrats hunting for glory in political arena", "text": "LUCKNOW: It was 1989. BSP founder Kanshiram was in London for an eye treatment, when he met a young pilot in his friend's house. The 32-year-old pilot, who worked for a Malagasy-based private airline, got so influenced by the leader that he left his job a year later and joined the dalit movement headed by Kanshiram. Moved by his dedication, Kanshiram asked the pilot-turned-activist to contest 1991 UP assembly election from Lucknow central.Though the political green-horn (pilot) lost the election by a considerable margin, yet he won Kanshi's confidence. So much so that when BSP formed the government in 1993, he was appointed as an officer on special duty (OSD) to the then chief minister Mayawati.The pilot-turned-bureaucrat was one amongst the few who helped Mayawati in escaping from the ill-fated state guest house after she was allegedly held hostage by SP workers in 1995 (as BSP pulled out from the coalition government of SP). Later she said that it was an attempt to assassinate her. By that time, Kanshiram had become an ailing figure and Mayawati had taken almost full control of BSP. Something went wrong, and the pilot-turned-activist-turned-bureaucrat left BSP. After more than 16 years, he joined SP. The pilot is none other than Captain Sikander Rizvi. \"Kanshiram was a mission. Mayawati is a politician. It is not the same BSP which Kanshiram had visualized,\" said Rizvi. \"We never had helicopters then. I drove around with Kanshiram in a Maruti-800, often travelling over 9,000 kilometres for election campaigns,\" he recalled.\"But gradually everything changed and corruption gained roots in BSP,\" alleged Rizvi, who recently joined hands with Mulayam. \"Now I want to fill some voids which SP has,\" said Rizvi, who joined SP almost a week ago. Rizvi is just one amongst a host of many such officials/bureaucrats who are turning to politics in recent times.Meet Hardev Singh, who once held various crucial administrative positions as a senior PCS officer. He is now Rashtriya Lok Dal's state president, and party candidate from Etmadpur constituency in Agra.Known for his 'unconventional' style of working, Hardev Singh was given the title of 'Baba' by people of Aligarh where he was posted as ADM city between 1985 and 1988. \"All roads led to the office of ADM city at that time,\" Singh laughed. \"Actually, I used to attend smallest of the cases and tried bringing all cases to a conclusion,\" said Baba Hardev Singh, who hails from Allahabad. \"I became more popular in west UP, hence the decision to contest from an assembly from west UP,\" he said, and added, \"My only contention is that if a bureaucrat could not do public service...I repeat public service...then he should join politics, they would be welcomed. There should not be vested reasons.\"So, is the case with Tribhuwan Ram, who held the key position of engineer-in-chief of PWD in the current BSP government. Ram is now a BSP candidate from Ajgara constituency in Varanasi. Controversies, however, have been surrounding T Ram, who is believed to be one of the few engineers close to top ranks in BSP.He got extension in service twice. His influence over the department continued even after his retirement, even as he went on to become advisor to chief minister Mayawati. Stories of him owning an opulent house in Vipul Khand, besides stakes in a private airlines have been doing the rounds for quite some time. \"I am surrounded with 300 people around me. I can't talk to you right now,\" is what he said when TOI contacted him to get his version. The Peace Party, too wishes to upset calculations of other political parties with its strategy framed by none other than a group of retired bureaucrats. The party already has in its panel former UP DGP, Yashpal Singh. While Singh is not contesting election, his son, Yashraj Singh has been given a ticket by Peace Party from Gonda Sadar. Yashpal has a company of two more former senior cops - Brijendra Singh, former additional DGP and RP Singh, former IG. Then, there is SP Arya, who was principal secretary to CM during the regime of Rajnath Singh and Rama Shankar Singh, who was once posted as Faizabad commissioner.Observers see this trend as nothing but an attempt by people who once held high position to regain their lost glory. \"The kind of job they were in gave them all the security. So, they wish to have the same even after they retire. It is like a drug addict facing withdrawal symptom,\" commented former UP DGP, Ishwar Chandra Dwivedi. Some bureaucrats have managed to do that successfully. Like in case of Panna Lal Punia, who was once the principal secretary to chief minister Mayawati.He contested as Congress candidate from Barabanki in 2009 Lok Sabha election and won. At the same time, if the bureaucrats themselves are not contesting, then they have got their children/kin fielded in the UP assembly elections. Like in case of Juhi Singh the daughter of UP's former chief secretary Akhand Pratap Singh, who was once voted as one of the 'most corrupt IAS officer'.Juhi is now a Samajwadi Party candidate from Lucknow east. Likewise, former housing secretary JS Mishra son, Abhishek Mishra too is in the fray from Lucknow north.When BSP formed the government in 1993, captain Sikandar Singh was appointed as an officer on special duty (OSD) to the then CM Mayawati. He has now jointed Samajwadi Party.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11607679", "title": "Soon, ban on blood tests to detect TB", "text": "NEW DELHI: India will soon ban blood tests to detect tuberculosis (TB) that are widely available across the country.An expert group set up by the Drug Controller General of India has found that blood tests are mostly inaccurate for TB detection. It has recommended to the Union health ministry to immediately ban them.A ministry official said \"The DCGI had set up an eight-member committee to look at whether a proposal by the World Health Organization of banning blood tests for TB was accurate and whether these kits can be trusted. The committee has said it is not advisable to use a blood tests and hence should be banned.\"Experts said not only do these blood tests fail to accurately diagnose TB, they aren't even cost effective as compared to the standard culture test provided free by the government.DCGI said, blood tests more often test positive when the patient does not have TB (false positive) and test negative when the patient actually has TB (false negative).Dr Sarman Singh, who heads the microbiology department at AIIMS, said, \"Inaccurate blood tests are rampant for TB diagnosis in India. It is also expensive: over Rs 4,000 for the three blood tests. Inaccurate test results are making patients, who are TB-free, go through unnecessary treatment, while others are not even being offered treatment because the tests show they are TB negative when they are actually positive.\"A published study in 2010 estimated that in India $47.5 million (out of patients' pockets) are spent on serological tests, most of which miss many TB cases.The study estimated that 1.5 lakh patients were incorrectly declared TB positive, who were prescribed unnecessary treatment in 2010 after undergoing a blood test.With the disease infecting an estimated 2.3 million people in 2010 alone and killing 3.6 lakh - nearly 1,000 deaths per day with one in six deaths being those aged 15-49, early and effective diagnostics is of vital importance for India.According to Dr Ashok Kumar, head of India's revised national TB control programme, none of the serological tests available in the market at present \"have published evidence to support their claims of sensitivity and specificity usually in excess of 95% each, according to package inserts. They provide no quality assurance and tests from different labs on specimens from the same patient often yield widely varying results.\"WHO in its first-ever negative policy recommendation recently called on governments to immediately ban blood tests to detect TB. Mario Raviglione, director of WHO Stop TB department, said blood tests lead to misdiagnosis and mistreatment. WHO said \"It is strongly recommended that these commercial tests not be used for the diagnosis of pulmonary and extra-pulmonary TB. Currently available commercial serological tests provide inconsistent and imprecise findings.\"According to WHO, the high proportions of false-positive and false-negative results can have an adverse impact on the health of patients. Each blood test can cost up to $30 per patient.According to Dr Sarman Singh and Dr V M Katoch who is the chief of the Indian Council of Medical Research, there are more than 73 manufactures of TB serological test kits. There are at least 24 TB rapid test kit manufactures from China alone followed by the USA. India has eight rapid test manufacturers.\"The claims of every manufacturer are extremely tall and misguiding. All Indian manufacturers have claimed high accuracy. Indeed all these claims are based on in-house or small studies with no proper validation. Sensitivity or ability to diagnose true TB cases is very critical and any test which has lesser detection rate than sputum microscopy does not warrant serious attention,\" they said.They added \"The WHO expert group while deciding to issue a policy to ban all serological tests for TB diagnosis after analyzing the data of 67 publications, observed that even for pulmonary tuberculosis, the sensitivity was highly variable ranging from as low as 0 to 100%.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11615710", "title": "Big cats are hot adoption property at Pilikula", "text": "MANGALORE: Big cats at Dr Shivaram Karanth Biological Park at Moodushedde near here are now hot property. Close on the heels of KIOCL Ltd adopting a male panther, the minister for environment and ecology J Krishna Palemar has served up a double delight to authorities of the biological park by adopting a male tiger cub, which he has named 'Krishna'.Palemar has followed it up by adopting a female panther cub, which he has named 'Shashi'.There is a general sense of fear among people about these big cats and their gut instinct is to harm or maim them, said Krishna Palemar, also the district in-charge minister. \"It is my bounden duty as the minister for ecology and environment to protect every species along with bio-diversity of the state,\" Palemar told TOI on reasons for him adopting the cubs of these big cats. \"If we lead by example, it will encourage others to follow suit,\" he said.Floored by the active nature of Shashi, an orphan that was rescued at Permude near here three months ago when it was barely four-to-five-day old infant, Palemar said 'Shashi' is a joy to watch. H Jayaprakash Bhandary, director of the park pointed that it was a tough task bringing up the infant cub. \"We had to feed her milk every three hours and give it vitamin supplements to ensure that its immunity levels too went up, bolstering her survival chances,\" he says.The park now has another panther cub, rescued near Kundapur, two female panthers - one rescued and one that was trapped, and a 10-day-old tiger cub disowned by its mother 'Shambavi' up for adoption. A Dubai based entrepreneur K G Shenoy, who has earlier adopted lions and elephant calves at the park is keen on adopting the disowned tiger cub, Bhandary said, adding the park would give him this honour once the cub is old enough.Seeking to cash in on this impetus for adoption of animals, Bhandary said the park would shortly start a help desk to help those wanting to adopt animals - big or small. \"We will display a rate list - the annual cost of feeding them - at which one can adopt different animals,\" he said, adding all such persons would be given free passes to enter the zoo. This will certainly be a bonus to the person adopting animals and see how they fare, he noted.jaideep.shenoy@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "11609804", "title": "No slowdown fear for Nano's neighbours", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: The area around Sanand, where the Tata Motors' small car plant is already operational and two other world-renowned companies Peugeot and Ford have bought land for putting up their dedicated plants, seems to have bucked the current economic slowdown. Well-placed sources in the state industries department said, despite slowdown, at least 20 multinational companies (MNCs) have bought land over the last quarter of 2011 in the new Sanand Gujarat Industrial Development Corporation (GIDC) estate, currently in the process of being set up behind the Nano plant, and more are following suit.The main MNCs that have bought land are Corning Technologies, leaders in specialty glass and ceramics; Bosch, specializing in automotive technology, consumer goods and industrial technology products; the Japanese electronics major Hitachi Hi-Rel Electronics; EPP Composites, which manufactures composite, thermoplastic and dual laminated products; AIA Engineering, which specializes in cement, mining, power and aggregate businesses; Hyundai Transformers; and Colgate Palmolive.\"This is apart from 200 allotments done to Indian companies during the same period. In fact, of the 1,500 hectares of land already acquired for the GIDC estate, about 900 hectares has been bought over, and as for the rest , there are more than 2,000 applications pending. In fact, looking into so much of demand, we have decided to acquire at least 400 ha of land. We may acquire even more land, if need be,\" said a senior official.While the French auto major Peugeot's land - around 300 acres - is situated within the GIDC estate, the American Ford's vendor park will be on a 150 acres land within the same premises. \"The GIDC is acquiring land at Rs 1,200 sq metres from the farmers, while it is selling it to the entrepreneurs for Rs 2,650 per square metres, after developing it,\" the official said, adding, \"If one adds Rs 4,000 crore investment by Peugeot in the Sanand GIDC estate, then the total investment which has already come in the GIDC estate would be to the tune of Rs 6,000 crore.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "11610840", "title": "Students stage chakka jam", "text": "WARDHA: Students of Institute of Pharmaceutical Education and Research, Borgaon Meghe, staged an hourlong chakka jam on Vinoba Bhave bridge in protest of their fellow student's death in an accident on Monday. A second year B Pharm student Sunil Thakre had died when his bike slipped on the bridge. The agitating students alleged that the condition of the road is very bad and the authorities are not doing anything about it. The students submitted a memorandum to collector Jaishree Bhoj who promised to take appropriate action against the guilty.They also expressed their anger against Wardha MLA, Suresh Deshmukh, who according to them, didn't care much for the development and also didn't take the students plea on bad traffic system seriously. However, the MLA could not be contacted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11613360", "title": "Aretha Franklin calls of marriage", "text": "Aretha Franklin has called off her wedding.The 'Respect' singer has announced her planned summer nuptials to William 'Willie' Wilkerson are no longer going ahead because things had started to move a \"little too fast\" in their relationship.A statement signed \"Aretha and Will\" read: \"Regretfully, To Our Friends and Supporters: Will and I have decided we were moving a little too fast, and there were a number of things that had not been thought through thoroughly. There will be no wedding at this time.\"We will not comment on it any further because of the very personal and sensitive nature of it. We appreciate all of the many well wishes from friends.\"The 69-year-old soul legend - who is notoriously secretive about her private life - announced her engagement to her long-time friend and companion William in January and they had been planning to tie the knot on a yacht in Miami Beach, Florida, in June or July.Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11609544", "title": "Gaur found dead near Sathyamangalam forest", "text": "COIMBATORE: An Indian Gaur was found dead just outside Kaanakara forests under Sathyamangalam range on Monday. According to forest officials, the gaur was chased out of the forest limits by a tiger before killing it. As it was an area with human presence, the tiger left the carcass behind after eating a small portion of the flesh and reentered the forests.An autopsy was conducted and the body was later charred to ashes. \"As the gaur was killed outside the forests and that too in a village, tigers may not eat it. So we decided to burn the carcass,'' said Erode Forest Conservator D Arun.This is the second gaur to be killed in the Sathyamangalam forests in the last two weeks. Another gaur was killed when a speeding vehicle knocked it down at the Hassanur-Thalavadi route two weeks ago.Home to a large number of elephants and gaurs, Erode forests reported many wildlife casualties in the recent past. It was only last week, one elephant was found dead in Bejaletti area. The total jumbo deaths in the district over the last 10 years are 298. During January, carcasses of four elephants were found in three forest ranges in the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad/hyderabad", "code": "11609776", "title": "Flyer ejected for being rude to pilot", "text": "AHMEDABAD/HYDERABAD: It was a day-long ordeal for a Hyderabad-based entrepreneur at Ahmedabad airport after he was deplaned by an airline. Praveen Pavuluri was offloaded from Ahmedabad-Hyderabad Indigo flight last Friday for allegedly speaking rudely to the pilot.Pavuluri, who was on a business visit to the city, was offloaded after a minor altercation that took place on the aerobridge. According to Pavuluri the disagreement took place when the pilot wanted him to make way. \"While I was waiting in the queue on the aerobridge with other passengers, an airline staffer asked to me make way for the pilot. I refused and requested him to wait till the few passengers before me had boarded. This clearly did not go down well with the staffers. They (the ground staff and pilot) kept insisting that I move, rather rudely. That is when I lost my cool and asked them to get lost,\" Pavuluri told TOI.However, minutes later, after Pavuluri took his seat, deplaning orders were conveyed to him by the security officer of the airlines. \"As the pilot had announced that the flight would not take off unless I disembarked from the aircraft, I volunteered to meet him and apologize, but he refused to listen,\" Pavuluri said.Following the incident, CISF officials were called who took away Pavuluri to the airport terminal manager's office. Spending three hours at the manager's office asking the airline officials to give in writing the reason to deplane him, he gave up and checked-in at a nearby hotel and took a plane to Hyderabad on Saturday.He said that experience was embarrassing as he was escorted by several security men to the airport manager's office. Acting director of Ahmedabad airport, SK Swami said, \"The incident was brought to notice of the terminal manager by CISF officials. Airline officials told us that the decision to deplane was taken by the pilot.\"Indigo airlines maintained that the passenger was at fault and was de-boarded 'by the Captain-in-command due to his misbehavior and disrespect to our crew on board'. \"Pavuluri resisted the captain's entry into the flight, and demanded that he too should fall in line with other passengers despite the crew's request to allow the captain to board the flight. Keeping in mind the inconvenience of other passengers, the captain on board decided to de-board him, and reported the matter to the CISF authorities,\" said Aditya Ghosh, president, Indigo airlines.As per the rule book of Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) a pilot can only issue such strict orders when he has any intelligence input about a passenger or feels that his presence can interfere with the safety of the aircraft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "11610689", "title": "Tiroda PS members stage dharna against corruption", "text": "GONDIA: Panchayat Samiti members in Tiroda boycotted the general body meeting on Saturday over allegation of inaction by ZP authorities regarding irregularities by two employees in the Child Welfare Department (CWD).The members also created ruckus in the House and decided not to allow any meeting till action is taken against the two employees. While concluding this meeting, Panchayat Samiti chairperson Rajani Soyam announced that the salaries of the employees will not be drawn unless the crisis is resolved.There were allegations of irregularities against CWD project officer Hirurkar and clerk Ramteke. PS members as well as Soyam herself wanted action to be taken against them. Two members of the PS Ramesh Patle and Tejram Chouhan raised the issue again on Saturday and abused not only these two, but all the employees as a whole.One of the leaders of the employees, Sayyad, who is also a member of their central body, was present during the meeting. Sayyad objected to such type of behavior by the PS members and criticized the chairperson's decision to withhold the salaries of all the employees. He gave an instant call to the employees to stop work and hold dharna in front of the office of the PS.Sayyad also announced that they would not return to work unless PS chairperson Soyam and the two members apologise for their behaviour.Meanwhile, block development officer Prakash Gangapare on Saturday said that efforts were on from both sides not to stretch the issue too far.On Monday, a delegation of ZP Employees' Association led by Shailendra Bais and PG Shahare met ZP president Katre, who then sent a team of officers to Tiroda to settle the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11610395", "title": "No end to Noida Extension impasse till April: NCRPB", "text": "NOIDA: Buyers who have booked flats in Noida Extension-Greater Noida may have to wait longer for development activities to resume in the disputed area. Clearing the air on the pending approval of Greater Noida Master Plan 2021, member secretary of the NCR Planning Board said that the UP government forwarded the Plan to the board only earlier this month.The Plan will first be scanned by the Planning Committee of NCRPB. If the committee gives a go ahead to the changes, the Planning Board will take it up for approval, said Naini Jayaseelan, member secretary, NCRPB. However, the Planning Committee will probably meet only after the Assembly elections and thus, it will take at least another three to four months before any headway can be made, Jayaseelan told buyers in a meeting on Monday.\"Greater Noida Authority claims that it forwarded the Master Plan over 50 days ago but it was not certified by the UP government. Hence, NCRPB returned it to the state which submitted it only recently,\" said Abhishek Kumar of Noida Extension Flat Owners and Members Association. \"The authorities appear non-committal towards resolving the Noida Extension row from the beginning. Their callousness has further delayed the issue,\" he added.Apprehensive of their future, homebuyers have also filed an RTI application seeking knowledge on the \"steps that have been taken by Greater Noida Authority to resolve the issue and ensure that development work resumes in the area.\"\"The Authority seems to have done nothing to protect the interests of one lakh middle-class flat buyers who are suffering in a battle between private developers and farmers, for no fault of their own,\" said Shweta Bharti, a buyer. \"Construction work hasn't received a green signal, banks have stopped disbursement of funds and several developers have begun asking for interest, threatening that our bookings will be cancelled. However, no one has paid any heed to our repeated complaints so far,\" she added.In accordance with the Allahabad High Court's October 21 order, work in Noida Extension can only resume once the NCRPB approves all changes made in the 2021 Greater Noida Master Plan.All stakeholders, including the 100 developers with upcoming projects in Noida Extension and homebuyers have been at the receiving end as the construction work has seen tardy progress. All work in the area has been stalled since July when the Supreme Court denotified land in Shahberi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11611353", "title": "Armed gang robs bank of Rs 19 lakh on IT corridor", "text": "CHENNAI: A four-member armed gang robbed a nationalised bank on the Chennai IT corridor early afternoon on Monday.The robbers, apparently aged between 25 and 30, entered the Perungudi branch of Bank of Baroda posing as customers at 1.45pm and kept the 10 employees and 10 customers at gunpoint before escaping with Rs 19 lakh from the cash box. The robbers didn't mask their face, and spoke in Hindi. The bank didn't have CCTV cameras, something which police suspect the robbers knew about.The robbers locked the door from outside while leaving. Chennai police commissioner J K Tripathy, additional commissioner of police P Thamaraikannan and joint commissioner of police (south zone) K P Shanmuga Rajeswaran rushed to the scene. The bank is located on the first floor of a commercial complex in Perungudi on the IT corridor. The armed gang brought all the employees and customers to one side and took away the day's collection. Asecurity guard was posted at the bank's ATM close to the staircase that leads to the upper floor. Police quoted the security guard as saying that he did not notice anything unusual. \"We have taken the security guard and some of the suspects into custody, \" IGP P Thamaraikannan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11610184", "title": "Woman plans her own abduction, held", "text": "PUNE: The Daund police on Saturday arrested a 24-year-old woman for allegedly hatching a plot of her own abduction and demanding Rs 2 lakh from her parents.The police have also arrested a 'pani puri' vendor, Kamalesh Prajapati (22) of Uttar Pradesh, whom the woman claimed as her husband. Prajapati was arrested from Ahmednagar railway station, while accepting money from the woman's parents. \"The woman was arrested from the platform,\" inspector Dayaram Shinde said.The suspects have been charged under section 384 (punishment for extortion) of the Indian Penal Code, following a complaint lodged by the woman's mother, Shinde said.Shinde said that the woman was separated from her husband and was staying near her parents' house in Daund, along with her daughter. \"She came in contact with Prajapati, who was staying nearby, and wanted to marry him. But, fearing that her parents may not allow her to marry Prajapati, she eloped with him on December 19, 2011, after leaving her daughter at her parents' house. They went to Uttar Pradesh. The woman claims that she got married with Prajapati there,\" Shinde said.Meanwhile, the parents of the woman had lodged a 'missing' complaint with the police, Shinde said. \"On January 8, the woman's father got a call on his cell phone. The caller said that he had kidnapped his daughter and took her to UP . He demanded Rs 10 lakh to release her and asked him to come to Agra railway station with the money as soon as possible,\" Shinde said.After receiving several such calls, the woman's father lodged a police complaint. \"When the woman's father told the caller that he did not have such a huge amount of money, the caller had agreed to settle for Rs 2 lakh,\" Shinde said, adding, \"We asked the complainant to tell the caller to come to Daund to collect the money.\"The caller again contacted the complainant and told him that he would come to Ahmednagar railway station on Saturday night to collect the money. \"Accordingly we laid a trap and nabbed Prajapati while accepting the money,\" Shinde said.When questioned, Prajapati revealed that the woman also was there on the platform and it was her plan to extort money from her parents. \"We found the woman hiding behind a stall with her face covered,\" Shinde said.During interrogation, the woman admitted to her involvement in the extortion plot. \"She said that after the marriage, she and her husband started facing financial crunch. She told her husband that her parents would not give her share of the family property easily. So, she hatched the plot of her own kidnapping,\" Shinde said.The couple was produced before the court on Sunday and was remanded to police custody till Tuesday.The woman said that after her marriage, she and her husband were facing financial problems. She told her husband that her parents would not give her share of the family property easily. So, she hatched the plot of her own kidnapping.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11609941", "title": "Seminar on girl child", "text": "PATNA: A seminar on national 'Girl Child Day' will be organized here on Tuesday with the objective of drawing the attention of opinion makers.The seminar has been jointly organized by IIBM &amp; Dr Zakir Husain group of institutions. It will be attended by Janak Pandey, vice-chancellor, Central University of Bihar, Dolly Sinha, principal, Magadh Mahila College, Kim, city SP, Patna, Vandana Sinha, regional manager, LIC and others, a press release said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11611022", "title": "Mercury keeps Mumbai guessing", "text": "MUMBAI: The mercury has been playing tricks for the last few days, but don't start packing away the woollens yet. Chances are the chill is set to return again.This has been an erratic winter for Mumbai, with minimum temperatures fluctuating by about four degrees every two to four days. There has also been a great difference between day and night temperatures on most days. Last month for example, Santa Cruz recorded a minimum temperature of 11.4 degrees Celsius on December 27, a day after it recorded 15.2 degrees Celsius.Two days later, on December 30, it was 14.6 degrees Celsius only to rise to 20.8 degrees Celsius on January 1. On Friday too, the minimum temperatures dipped to 12.8 degrees Celsius in Santa Cruz, but rose again on Sunday by more than five degrees to 18 degrees Celsius.The Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) claims the fluctuations are nothing unusual. \"The fluctuations have not been very big,\" said V K Rajeev, director of weather forecast at IMD, Mumbai. \"This is what usually happens every winter. As and when temperatures go down in northern India, the northerly winds bring the cold southwards, so temperature dips in the city,\" he said.However, an IMD report recently showed a likely link between the La Nina effect and the exceptionally low temperatures in northern India . Experts have said that the northern regions have been affected by western disturbances more frequently this year. Temperatures across India plummeted rapidly in the second week of January.Since then, the western Himalayas have seen heavy snowfall, the northern plains have been chilly while central India and parts of south India have had recordbreaking cold spells. The cold is being partly attributed to an Arctic wind pattern that changed in January, sending spells of snow downwards into Europe and Asia.Monday, temperatures in Mumbai rose again. \"The western disturbance in the northern plains has moved away, due to which cold wave conditions have eased. We can expect similar weather in the city for the next twothree days,\" said Rajeev.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11608854", "title": "Hizb ut-Tahrir, group behind failed Bangla coup plot, growing in stature in India", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hizb ut-Tahrir (HT), the aggressive political group behind the recent failed Bangladesh coup, has been active in India for at least two years.According to sources in the Muslim community and security establishment, HT that advocates a Caliphate (Islamic state) and has figured in several controversial developments around the world has been active among Indian Muslims. The group has a particularly strong presence in the national Capital, and largely among students.A senior Muslim leader said he was worried about the growing clout of HT among his community members. \"I am aware of them organizing seminars and protests in Delhi,\" he said.Some 16 Bangladesh military officers, who were members of HT, are accused of planning to overthrow Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina's government. After the security agencies cracked down on the coup plotters, HT claims to have organized public speeches outside mosques across Bangladesh calling upon people to \"protest against the Hasina government's plot to subjugate the Muslim Army of Bangladesh to US-India\".A source in the security establishment said HT may have started operations in India around 2010, but seems to have lost the momentum. According to HT's website, its India chapter organized a demonstration in June, 2010, against Israel's alleged atrocities. The demonstration was at Batla House, New Delhi, that was attended by about 1,000 people.\"My information is that they are not operating as a group in India because they are a political organization. Intellectual and political debate is a permissible norm but to espouse violence is absolutely not acceptable,\" said Abdul Rashid Qureshi, a Supreme Court lawyer who is active in Muslim forums.HT is banned in several countries like Pakistan, Turkey, Russia, Germany etc, and it was banned in Bangladesh in 2009.According to HT's own statements in the wake of the failed Bangladesh coup, its members have been claiming that Hasina \"was brought to power by the Americans, in partnership with India. The Americans have a design to prevent the return of the Islamic Khilafah in this region and contain the rise of China. For this purpose she prefers a strategic partnership with India in order to secure her strong presence in this region and tighten her grip over the Muslim countries within the region. These two enemy countries are using the government, the opposition, and some in the military leadership in Bangladesh as agents to solve the long standing issues with India which will free India's hands.\"The HT called on \"sincere officers in the army to remove Hasina and the current ruling regime from authority at once; and to transfer the authority to Hizb ut-Tahrir which is a sincere and aware political party. Hizb ut-Tahrir will establish the Khilafah state which will eject USA, Britain, India and their allies from Bangladesh. The Khilafah will build this country as the starting point for becoming a global super power. This is by securing the basic needs of the people and solving the long running problems faced by the people such as poverty and unemployment, industrializing the country's economy, building the army as a strong and advanced fighting force, and unifying with the Muslim Ummah.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11609064", "title": "Old City rents shoot up, courtesy migrants", "text": "HYDERABAD: It's the owners of residential properties in the Old City who are rejoicing these days. With no new constructions underway to satiate the ever-spiraling demand for space in this part of town, rentals here have shot through the roof, say observers.For instance, a 2BHK (bedroom-hall-kitchen) house available for a modest Rs 5,000-Rs 7,000 (per month) until a year ago is now up for grabs for nothing less than Rs 10,000-Rs 12,000, a price tenants usually associate with new city areas. And these rents are not for sprawling premises but modest dwellings measuring 700-750 square feet in size.According to locals, the list of areas ringing in maximum moolah through rentals includes Goshamahal, Khilwat, Begum Bazaar, Noor Khan Bazaar, Moghulpura and so on. In fact, owners of even one-bedroom houses dotting the peripheries of Charminar (Alijah Kotla, Ghazi Bazaar, Panjesha, Chowk etc) are now quoting rents in the Rs 5,000-Rs 6,000 range, say residents. Reason? The surge in demand from the migrant population flooding this area for employment.\"Groups of workers here pick up houses and share the rent. This trend, though in place for a long time, has seen a rise in recent times. That has given property owners a huge advantage,\" said Jaffer Ali , a silver merchant from the Old City though maintaining that it's the lack of enough construction activity over the last few years, which has primarily led to this steep rise in rentals.Predictably, businessmen who were until sometime ago paying a pittance to live in the 'safe' surroundings of asal Hyderabad are now forced to shell out as much as Rs 12,000 per month.\"Though they have the money, there are no new apartments being built that they can move into. And because the activities of this community are restricted to this part of town and they feel at home here, they have no choice but to pay a high rental,\" said Vishal Doshi, a developer operating in the Old City.Apart from the residential sector even commercial establishments have seen a jump in rates of late, again for the same reason. The going rate of 'pagdis' (money a tenant pays to an owner depending on the current valuation of the property) is to the tune of Rs 50 to 60 lakh.\"It is in fact the highest on the Gulzar Houz-Charminar stretch that houses all jewellery stores,\" said Rajesh Agarwal, a trader from the area adding, \"In and around Pathergatti (the cloth-merchant's zone) the prices are slightly lower. But it is still not less than Rs 30-40 lakh.\"Following the footsteps of their predecessors, the few new commercial spaces being built too are quoting high rates, say denizens. A case in point is a certain building coming up near Charminar where small outlets in commercial complexes are being leased out for a monthly rental of as much as Rs 20,000, say sources.\"This pricing is almost on par with the rates possibly prevailing in Banjara Hills,\" said a realtor from the 'new' city.A building is coming up near Charminar where small outlets in commercial complexes are being leased out for a monthly rental of as much as Rs 20,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11610600", "title": "Gurgaon administration fails to find home for HIV-positive kids", "text": "NEW DELHI:There is no relief for the 13 HIV positive children, including seven girls, rescued last week from Gurgaon after allegations of sexual abuse were made against the owner of the NGO that was sheltering them. The Gurgaon administration has not been able to find a permanent shelter for these children, even as the south Delhi NGO they were shifted to has expressed inability to provide them with permanent accommodation. The NGO says there is not enough space and infrastructure to take them in.The children are aged between six and 12 years, and some of them need special care as they are traumatized, said sources.Anjali Gopalan, director of NAZ foundation- a home for HIV positive children in the capital-said they have two separate dormitories for boys and girls that can accommodate up to 25 children. \"Of these, 24 beds are full. The rescued children are being kept in the room reserved for providing urgent medical aid to patients. There is lack of space, few toilets and scarcity of water among other things,\" she said.The NGO director said the Gurgaon administration had requested them to accommodate the children for two days, so that they could find a suitable shelter. \"Now, they are not ready to take responsibility. There has been no word from the Gurgaon administration,\" Gopalan claimed.P C Meena, deputy commissioner, Gurgaon, told TOI that they are trying to arrange a permanent shelter for the children at the earliest. \"In Haryana, there are no government-run homes for HIV positive children. We have requested several NGOs in Delhi and neighbouring areas like Meerut to take them in. We hope to zero in on an accommodation by Tuesday,\" he said.The HIV positive children were rescued from a Gurgaonbased NGO, Drone Foundation, last week after a raid by the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR). The manager of the NGO had been accused of sexually abusing the children. He was arrested by the local police on Thursday.Raaj Mangal Prasad, chairperson of the Child Welfare Committee in the capital, said the rescued children need medical assistance. \"We are in touch with the NAZ foundation and trying to see how we can shift them to a permanent accommodation,\" said Prasad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11610180", "title": "Court calls for probe against sub-inspector", "text": "KOCHI: A high-level inquiry was needed into the circumstances under which the Thiruvalla police returned the fake passport to luxury car smuggler Alex C Joseph, a magistrate court here ordered on Thursday.While considering the bail application of Alex, the Ernakulam Judicial First Class Magistrate Court observed that the action of Thiruvalla sub-inspector Vinod P Krishna was unnatural and a high-level inquiry should be carried out to find out whether his action was on purpose or unintentional.In the report submitted by the prosecution in the court on Thursday, the action of the police was highlighted as the nexus the car smuggler had with the police. The court postponed the hearing on the bail application to Friday.Even though the luxury car smuggler had approached the Kerala High Court against the government's preventive detention order, his petition was turned down.Alex, who was on the wanted list of the Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) since 2000 for smuggling cars, was nabbed by the immigration staff of Hyderabad airport on November 7 this year. According to the DRI, Alex, also known as Abey John, smuggled more than 400 cars, which resulted in the loss of Rs 500 crore in tax to the exchequer.The petition was moved in the high court in January last year even as Alex was on the run. While his petition challenging preventive detention was pending in the court, he was nabbed last month from Shamshabad International Airport at Hyderabad.Alex's counsel had contended in court that the preventive detention order was executed after an inordinate delay of more than 10 years. The order was issued by the government in 2000 under section 3(1) (i) of The Conservation of Foreign Exchange and Prevention of Smuggling Activities Act, 1974 to prevent smuggling.The high court relied on an earlier decision of the apex court that there were no hard and fast rules regarding preventive detention under COFEPOSA and each case must be decided on the basis of facts. If the person on whom the detention order was served absconded even after the authorities took all possible steps, the delay could not be cited as a reason to challenge the validity of the detention order, the court held.The court also noted that Alex was involved in smuggling activities even when he was absconding and that he didn't contend that he was arrested with a passport in the name of Abey John, which had his photographs.During investigation, the DRI had learnt that the cars nabbed were documented as being brought from Dubai whereas some were shown as bought from London and Tokyo. The cars that were imported from Tokyo were modified to suit Indian laws and some of the cars had fake registrations, the DRI alleged. According to the DRI, Alex's modus operandi was to locate people looking for premium cars like Mercedes Benz, Toyota Lexus, Mitsubishi Pajero, and Toyota Land Cruiser. As per Customs law, import of such cars, with prices from Rs 25 lakh to Rs 1 crore, was permissible only on transfer of residence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "11614327", "title": "Spurious drugs claim 67 lives in Pakistan", "text": "LAHORE: Spurious drugs provided to cardiac patients by a state-run hospital in Pakistan's Punjab have claimed 67 lives - more than double the figure initially given by provincial authorities.Punjab health secretary Jehanzeb Khan confirmed the total number of deaths while responding to a journalist's query yesterday.Earlier, the Punjab government had confirmed the deaths of only 28 cardiac patients registered with Lahore's Punjab Institute of Cardiology.The PML-N government led by chief minister Shahbaz Sharif has faced strong criticism for concealing facts related to deaths due to the bad drugs, which were distributed by PIC among poor and needy patients.The Federal Investigation Agency launched a crackdown on Monday on the instructions of federal authorities, and arrested the owners of three pharmaceutical companies.FIA officials sealed these firms on charges of allegedly supplying spurious drugs which caused the deaths of patients and affected dozens of others.The administration of PIC faced an embarrassing situation when dozens of patients and their families assembled outside the hospital to protest the deaths.\"We want action against the people responsible for the death of our father,\" said Muhammad Hasan.He and his brother Muhammad Raza held a placard inscribed with slogans against the hospital's administration and provincial government.Officials of the FIA said they had taken action despite resistance from the Punjab government.\"Seeing the non-seriousness of the provincial government in taking action against the persons responsible for the deaths, the federal government directed the FIA to go in for direct action,\" said a senior official of the agency who did not want to be named.The official further said the FIA would expose the Punjab government officials, including doctors and drug inspectors, who were responsible for lapses.FIA spokesman Haroon Rashid said the agency initiated its probe on the directions of the federal Interior Ministry.\"Action will be initiated against provincial drug inspectors and officials of drug testing laboratories,\" he said.Opposition PML-Q spokesman Kamil Ali Agha said chief minister Sharif was responsible for the deaths as he also held the health portfolio.For the past four years, Sharif had failed to form a team to deal with health issues in Punjab, he said.Agha said Sharif's negligence was first exposed by last year's dengue epidemic and the deaths due to bad drugs were another \"feather in Sharif's cap\" he alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11609606", "title": "3-yr RI for murder bid", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A local court here on Monday awarded three years rigorous imprisonment to Fakir Chand, a resident of Dadu Majra colony in an attempt to murder case. Besides, a fine of Rs 1,500 was also imposed on him. A case in this regard was registered on April 25, 2008. Police said that the accused had stabbed two brothers, Arvind Kumar and Ganga Ram, both residents of Sector 15 here, at their residence on April 25, 2008.\"Fakir had indulged in a heated argument with Arvind over a personal issue regarding the latter's family on April 24, 2008. He was so angry that he reached their home the next day and attacked the siblings, who were later admitted to a hospital. Fakir was working in the Chandigarh health department and the victims' mother was his colleague,\" said a police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11610028", "title": "Cold wave effect subsides in central Maharashtra", "text": "PUNE: The cold wave conditions that prevailed for the better part of this month in the central Maharashtra belt, which includes Pune, have subsided considerably over the last two days.This has reflected in the night temperatures going up to the above-normal mark at most places across the state, including central Maharashtra, which stretches from Jalgaon/Nashik in the north and Kolhapur down south with Pune at the centre.No cold wave condition was reported for any of the state's four regions, ie central Maharashtra, Konkan and Goa, Marathwada and Vidarbha, according to the India Meteorological Department's (IMD) all India weather summary released on Monday.Although the night temperatures were reported as below normal in some parts of Konkan and Goa and Vidarbha, the same were reported as above normal in parts of central Maharashtra and entire Marathwada regions.Pune recorded a minimum temperature of 13.8 degrees Celsius on Monday, which represents a noticeable increase by 5.1 degrees Celsius over the 8.7 degrees Celsius that was recorded last Saturday. This was also 3 degrees Celsius above normal for the day.The maximum temperature was recorded at 30 degrees Celsius, which was equal to the normal mark for the day. Day temperature in the city had gone down to 25.1 degrees Celsius, which was 5 degrees Celsius below normal, on January 19.However, the same has increased gradually to touch the normal mark on January 21 when it was recorded at 29.6 degrees Celsius.Officials at the IMD's Shivajinagar observatory had then forecast the maximum temperatures to remain around the normal mark for the ensuing two to three days.\"We expect the ongoing temperature pattern to continue for the next 48 hours,\" an IMD official said. \"As of now, there is no major weather system which can induce any drastic change in the temperatures. The influence of northerly winds, which usually bring cold winds to the central and peninsular India, has also reduced,\" the official added.While cold and chilly conditions prevailed in the early morning hours, the weather turned cloudy towards the later part of the day in the city. \"Local effects like clouding contribute to increase in temperatures,\" the official said.Nashik recorded the state's lowest temperature at 9.4 degrees Celsius, which was 1 degree Celsius below normal while Jalgaon recorded 10.4 degrees Celsius (-3) on Monday. The popular hill station of Mahabaleshwar in Satara district recorded 12.5 degrees Celsius (-1) while Satara city recorded 13 degrees Celsius.Malegaon recorded 14 degrees Celsius (+2) while Ahmednagar and Kolhapur recorded 14.1 degrees Celsius (+1) and 16.8 degrees Celsius (+2). In Konkan and Goa belt, Mumbai recorded 18.4 degrees Celsius (-1) while Ratnagari recorded 18 degrees Celsius (-1) and Dahanu 15.4 degrees Celsius (-2).Gondia and Yavatmal, both in Vidarbha region, recorded an identical 11.8 degrees Celsius, while Nagpur recorded 12.4 degrees Celsius. Akola recorded 16 degrees Celsius and Amravati 14.4 degrees Celsius.Although the night temperatures were reported as below normal in some parts of Konkan and Goa and Vidarbha, the same were reported as above normal in parts of central Maharashtra and entire Marathwada.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "jalandhar ", "code": "11614998", "title": "BJP promises strong Lokayukt in Punjab", "text": "JALANDHAR : Upping its ante on corruption issue BJP, while releasing its manifesto on Tuesday -just six days before polling day - has promised to have a strong Lokayukta and to make legal provisions to confiscate the assets of the corrupt politicians or officials and to declare it government property.Releasing the manifesto leader of opposition in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley , said that after coming to power SAD-BJP alliance would be guided by the stand taken by these parties in the parliament on Lokpal Bill where the two had strongly opposed the weak Lokpal Bill and had suggested amendments. \"No person would be allowed to earn profit from corruption,\" he said.The manifesto has also announced to bring all cateogories of officials and employees under Lokaykta apart from bringing more services under Citizens' Charter.Flanked by BJP national general secretary J P Nadha, MPs Navjot Sidhu and Avinash Rai Khanna and state general secretary Kamal Sharma, Jaitley said that they had not repeated all the promises made by SAD in its manifesto but they were in full agreement with all those promises. BJP has also promised to remove octroi from dielsel and petrol in cities. While promising to supply 24 hours power in cities and villages and to develop industrial clusters in the state the party has also reiterated the promise made by SAD to provide free power to agriculture sector and of crop insurance. It has also promises single window system for industry.Jaitley held that the SAD-BJP government would ensure that economy of Punjab would be industrialized for ensuing more employment avenues and economic growth of the state.He claimed that promises made in 2007 election were substantially achieved by the SAD-BJP government. \"With this performance the alliance would get comfortable majority,\" he quipped.BJP has also promised to increase widow and senior citizen pension to Rs 750 per month.While the party has made it a point to highlight building of Virasat E Khalsa and other memorials related to Sikh history and one of Dr Shyama Prasad Mukherjee it has promised to raise big memorial of Arya Samaj founder Swami Dayanand's Guru Swami Virjanand at Kartarpur apart from a memorial of Pt Shardha Ram Phillauri who authored popular Hindu Aarti \"Om Jai Jagdish Hare\".Elections 2012 News Punjab Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11610197", "title": "Abhinav students represent state at national integration camp", "text": "PUNE: Volunteers from Abhinav Education Society's English Medium School and Junior College were selected to represent Maharashtra at a national integration camp in Bangalore that was held recently.They interacted with participants from across the country during the camp, where they learned about the culture, food habits and languages of other states.Views on many current and cultural topics were exchanged. As a motivation to other students, the school arranged for air tickets for all the students participating in the camp. The students were guided by founder-president Rajeev Jagtap and principal Sunita Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11609797", "title": "Govt blinks on Lokayukta, appoints search panel", "text": "BANGALORE: It seems the Karnataka government has taken the first step to break the impasse on its three-month collision course with governor H R Bhardwaj over the appointment of a new Lokayukta.Heeding pressure from various quarters, chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda on Monday quietly put in place an official search committee to find a suitable candidate.The panel, which comprises law department officials and some senior government bureaucrats, has been asked to suggest names from a list of a dozen of retired judges including Justice Srikrishna, Justice Nauvdip Kumar Sodhi, Justice B P Singh and Justice Arijit Pasayat.\"The committee will first seek the opinion of the four retired judges before making its recommendations. The cabinet will take a final call based on their suggestions,'' a senior minister said.Official sources dubbed it as \"delay tactics'' and \"eyewash''. \"The government is only making a desperate attempt to delay the process of appointing the Lokayukta, hoping to keep the governor and some leaders in the party happy,'' a senior party leader said. \"The appointment of a Lokayukta has become a sensitive issue in the aftermath of Yeddyurappa's desperate bid to get him reinstated as CM.Any move to change the proposal of Justice S R Bannurmath for Lokayukta will not be taken in the right spirit considering both are from the major Lingayat community,'' he added .The ruling party is keeping its option open to deal with Yeddyurappa in case he plays truant and decides to quit the party. For the record now, the government continues to claim it will stand by the earlier recommendation of making former Kerala chief justice Bannurmath as Lokayukta.Top four contendersJustice Srikrishna : Jurist and a retired judge of the Supreme Court, headed Srikrishna Commission which investigated causes and apportioned blame for the Mumbai riots of 1992-93Justice Nauvdip Kumar Sodhi: Served as chief justice of Karnataka High Court from 2004 to 2005 before being appointed as presiding officer of the Securities Appellate TribunalJustice BP Singh: Appointed chief Justice of Bombay High Court in 2000, was elevated as judge of the Supreme Court in 2001 before retiring in 2007Justice Arijit Pasayat : Eminent jurist, was architect behind introduction of five-year law course in Orissa. Currently chairperson of Competition Appellate Tribunal", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11613483", "title": "Noel Gallagher to be honoured at NME Awards", "text": "Noel Gallagher is to receive the Godlike Genius prize at this year's NME Awards.The 'If I Had A Gun...' singer is to be honoured at the music magazine's annual ceremony for his three-decade spanning career which has seen him achieve global success with Oasis and launch his successful solo project Noel Gallagher's High Flying Birds.Speaking about the honour, 'Don't Look Back In Anger' hitmaker Noel said: \"I would like to thank NME for bestowing upon me such a great accolade. I have dreamt of this moment since I was 43 years old. I accept that I am now a genius, just like God.\"NME editor Krissi Murison insists the 44-year-old musician - who quit Oasis in August 2009 after a bust-up with his brother Liam Gallagher - is a worthy winner of the award because he walks and talks it better than any other musician out there\".She said: \"For the best part of two decades, the voice of one man has dominated the pages of NME more than any other. That man is Noel Gallagher . Opinionated, intelligent, passionate and always hilarious - Noel walks and talks it better than any other musician out there, and it's just one of the reasons why the British public loves him so dearly.\"That he keeps pushing boundaries as a solo artist proves that there's a long way to go in the story of one of the most talented musicians Britain has ever produced.\"Previous winners of the honour include Dave Grohl , Paul Weller , Ian Brown , The Cure and the Manic Street Preachers.The NME Awards take place on February 29 at London's O2 Academy Brixton.Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11610239", "title": "Dead body lies abandoned as cops squabble over jurisdiction", "text": "NOIDA: In an extreme case of callousness, the body of a 30-year-old man lay abandoned at a link road between Delhi and Noida for three days, due to confusion on the jurisdiction between Delhi Police and Gautam Budh Nagar police. Even as the two police departments were figuring out who should claim responsibility, scavengers in the area began to feed on the deserted body.The confusion started when passersby informed both Noida and Delhi Police officials about the body lying in a ditch almost three days ago. The body was lying about 50 metres from the Jhudpura police post in Noida and about 100 metres from the police post at Vasundhra in Delhi. But cops from both areas refused to remove the body, claiming that the area lay under the purview of the other. \"The area where the body was lying does not fall in our jurisdiction,\" said a cop from the Jhundpura police post. Passersby made several attempts to convince the police of both posts to come to the spot and report the details of the case, but to no avail.On being apprised of the issue by TOI, deputy inspector general of Uttar Pradesh Police, Jyoti Narayan said that it was a serious matter and it would be looked into, immediately. Finally, a team from the Kondli police station removed the body. \"When we received information about the abandoned body, we informed Delhi Police and they have now claimed it,\" said Anant Dev Tiwari, superintendent of police, Noida. So far, it has not been ascertained whether the unidentified person was involved in an accident or if any foul play was involved in his death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11609890", "title": "Biscomaun engineer dismissed", "text": "PATNA: An assistant engineer of Biscomaun, Raghuvansh Kunwar, who was under suspension, has been dismissed from service on corruption charges.A press release issued here on Monday by Biscomaun said Kunwar, a native of Tanra village in Samastipur district, who was currently on deputation to transport department as MVI, was caught red-handed while accepting Rs50,000 as bribe on September 24, 2008 by the State Vigilance Investigation Bureau.A departmental proceeding was started against him by joint commissioner, transport department, in which the allegations levelled against him were found to be true. On the basis of the joint commissioner's report, the second showcause was issued to Kunwar, and his reply was not found satisfactory.Therefore, it has been decided that Kunwar's services from Biscomaun should be terminated, the release added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11609588", "title": "Clueless MC to make do with tubewells", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In coming years, problem of potable water shortage in city may worsen as water table has gone down by two to three metres, reducing the possibility of installation of tubewells. When municipal corporation officials presented the proposal for having five more tubewells, it led to a major debate in the house meeting of civic body on Monday. The tubewells are needed as demand for water is going to rise in summer. Though the house approved the step, it also sought active pursuance of rainwater harvesting techniques and recharging of groundwater.Officials pointed out at the first monthly house meeting of the current Chandigarh MC that Punjab had denied giving water to the city from phases V and VI of Kajauli water works and supply from its phases VII and VIII would take a long time to arrive. They said at least 15 to 20 million gallons per day (MGD) were needed to meet city's requirements. At present, Chandigarh requires 100MGD and the supply available is just 84 MGD.\"Water level in Chandigarh has gone down 2.5 to 3m, while in Punjab it has decreased by just around 36cm. Therefore, instead of looking for tubewells, we will have to go for other options, like using discharged water after proper treatment, for gardening, agriculture, etc. (We will have to) put a check on wastage of water, and also save rain water,\" said local MP and union minister Pawan Kumar Bansal . Earlier, BJP councillor Asha Jaiswal expressed her reservations against the proposal of installing tubewells. However, she agreed to it after sensing that more water would be needed in the summer. Nominated councillor Surinder Bagga stated there was need to take help of experts on the issue, as in foreign countries, authorities used modern techniques very well to save and utilize water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11612504", "title": "Nasa's new mission: To find its stolen Moon rocks", "text": "The American space agency, Nasa, is not as busy as it once was sending astronauts into orbit aboard its recently retired shuttle fleet, which means it has time to attend to other urgent business, like trying to track down countless samples of Moon rock it has handed out over the years that have gone missing.A new internal report depicts an agency that has generously distributed extra-terrestrial flotsam, including Moon rock, to government leaders and scientific institutions promising to use them for research.But it has also been peculiarly lax about monitoring the whereabouts of the moon rock and ensuring the bits on loan were returned.According to the report, signed by Paul Martin , the inspector general of Nasa, 517 moon rocks and other socalled \"astromaterial\" samples loaned out by the agency between 1970 - when Apollo missions began to collect them - and 2010 have gone missing or have been stolen.The job of retrieval is partly being undertaken by Joseph R Gutheinz Jr, a Texas lawyer who once was an undercover Nasa agent intercepting attempts by private citizens trying to sell moon rock they had nefariously acquired on the open market for millions. Now he tries to find lost rocks wherever he can find them, which is as likely to be in a shoebox as in a vault.\"If someone hands a governor a Moon rock, and he keeps it or loses it, if you can't protect something like that, maybe they're not that vigilant ,\" Gutheinz, who has earned the sobriquet \"Moon Rock Hunter\" , told the New York Times. \"And if they're not that careful , and they bring it home with them, what else have they brought home with them?\"In 1998, Gutheinz blocked the attempted sale of a nugget of lunar rock in Miami by a man who had acquired it in Honduras.-David Usborne of THE INDEPENDENT", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11615599", "title": "Will You Marry Me?", "text": "CreditsDirector: Aditya V. Datt Cast: Shreyas Talpade , Rajeev Khandelwal , Muzamil Ibrahim, Mugdha Godse , Celina Jaitley , Tripta Parashar, Paresh Rawal , Manoj Joshi Banner: Ikkon Films Producer: Krishan Chaudhery, &amp; Vipin Jain Story-Screenplay: Hyder Najmi Dialogues: Jay Master Music: Sharib- Toshi, Sachin Gupta, Amjad- Nadeem, Gaurav Dagaonkar Director of Photography: Dwaraganath Rangaraj Editor: Irfan Shaikh Art Director: Sanjay Dhapade, Anjan Gajurel Choreographer: Remo D'Souza, Pony Prakashraj &amp; Shabina Khan Ansari Action Director: Javed Karim", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11611316", "title": "Hundreds take holy dip on Mauni Amavasya", "text": "KANPUR: A large number of devotees took a dip in the Ganga on Monday on Mauni Amavasya.People came from as far as Unnao, Maharajpur and Ramabai Nagar for bathing in the Ganga.People also donated food stuff and clothes to the beggars and destitute. Many also participated in havan.According to Hindu mythology, Mauni Amavasya is observed on the no moon day in Magh month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11607655", "title": "Nobel laureate Muhammad Yunus to speak at Kosambi Festival", "text": "PANAJI: The fifth edition of the annual D D Kosambi Festival of Ideas will commence in the state from February 7.Renowned personalities like Nobel laureate Muhammad Yunus, activist Medha Patkar are scheduled to deliver lectures.Other distinguished personalities including Uma Dasgupta, Shekhar Singh and Saeed Naqvi will enthrall audiences with their discourse.The festival, held at the Kala Academy in Panaji, is organized by the directorate of art and culture to commemorate the legendary Goan mathematician, statistician, historian Damodar Dharmanand Kosambi. Director of art and culture Prasad Lolayekar said, \"This festival is one of its kind in the country.\"Muhammad Yunus was awarded the Nobel prize for his dedication to poverty eradication. He founded the Bangladeshi microcredit institution Grameen Bank .Activist Medha Patkar is best known for her role in Narmada Bachao Andolan; while Uma Dasgupta, an eminent author has produced a number of works on Rabindranath Tagore.Shekhar Singh is a founder member of the National Campaign for People's Right to Information ( NCPRI). He has worked with the government in various capacities, including as advisor to the Planning Commission of India on environment and forests.Saeed Naqvi, is a senior journalist and distinguished fellow at Observer Research Foundation, New Delhi. His articles appear in various newspapers in India and abroad. To elucidate any doubts in the minds of the people, interaction sessions between the public and speakers will be held subsequent to the lectures, said Lolayekar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11610665", "title": "Govt shortchanged farmers?", "text": "GURGAON: Alleging that farmers and land owners have been shortchanged by the Haryana government, members of a citizens' body have alleged that HUDA \"wrongfully\" acquired land for the development of major and sector roads under the new master plan which covers 57 new sectors.The members of the Gurgaon Citizens' Council have alleged that this act has not only benefited the private developers but has also left the state exchequer poorer by close to Rs 8,000 crore. The organization has written a letter to the state chief minister, Bhupinder Singh Hooda , to investigate the case.The council claimed that over the past few years, HUDA \"had acquired land under the Haryana Urban Development Act for construction of roads in new sectors\" being developed by private builders in licenced areas.It has alleged that ever since the private builders began developing real estate in Gurgaon in the 1970s, it has been a practice that they buy the land directly from land owners and then hand over the stretches notified for roads free of charge to HUDA, along with external development charges (EDC) collected from property buyers. This is done as per the provisions of Punjab Scheduled Roads and Controlled Areas Restriction of Unregulated Development Act.They claimed that this was how sectors 1 to 57 were developed. \"We are now shocked to learn that in the new Sectors 58 to 115, for which licences have been given to private builders, HUDA acquired land directly from farmers and has been constructing sector roads in these areas,\" an official statement claimed. Citing official notifications GCC president R S Rathee said that over 1,866 acres of land has been acquired by HUDA for road development.Villages affected by this HUDA move include Ghata, Behramppur, Ullahwas, Kadarpur, Medawas, Badshapur, Palra, Darbaripur, Fajilpur, Bhegampur Khatola, Hasanpur, Kherki Daulan and Dhankot.\"The farmers got less compensation since these stretches were acquired by HUDA and not bought by the developers. The government must step in to protect the interests of the farmers,\" he added. GCC members said that they have been pointing out the flaws in Gurgaon-Manesar master plan 2021 in their representations in March, May and July in 2006 and later in February 2007 and July 2010.The HUDA administrator, Praveen Kumar, could not be contacted for his comments despite repeated attempts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11609990", "title": "Roadmap for BMHRC handover to ICMR soon", "text": "BHOPAL: The process of handover of the Bhopal Memorial Hospital and Research Centre (BMHRC) to the Indian Council of Medical Research (IMCR) has been initiated and a roadmap would be made public in about fortnight, said ICMR Director General Dr VM Katoch.Speaking to TOI after a meeting held in New Delhi on Monday, Katoch said, \"After the notification by the government, this is the beginning of the process (of handover).\" Earlier this month, the union cabinet decision for the formal hand over of the functioning of BMHRC from the Department of Atomic Energy (DAE) to the Union Health Ministry.\"The full roadmap would be released in a fortnight after a situation analysis,\" said Katoch who will be visiting the BMHRC on January 29.This is the second handover of the super-specialty hospital in the past 16 months. The Bhopal Memorial Hospital Trust (BMHT) had handed over the functioning of the hospital to the DEA on July 19, 2010. However, sources said everything at BMHRC including the 84 acre land is still registered in the name of BMHT.Legal experts are deliberating that the handover might be a long drawn process. The DEA for its part is being criticised for not even initiating the process of handover in the 16 months it was in charge of BHMRC.Sources said that until November 2011 DEA officials were hinting at sending a team to inspect the stock of BMHRC but failed to turn up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11609453", "title": "Ashok Gehlot trains guns on BJP, asks to clarify stand on Rushdie", "text": "JAIPUR: Chief minister Ashok Gehlot on Monday asked the BJP to explain its stand on the Salman Rushdie controversy.Gehlot was reacting to the allegations levelled by senior BJP leaders including Ravi Shankar Prasad and Arun Jaitley , who questioned the authenticity of the underworld threat that led Salman Rushdie call off his trip to the Jaipur Literature Festival.\"The minority wing of the BJP was the first to come out with protests against Rushdie's visit. Now, other BJP leaders are questioning the authenticity of the intelligence report, which reflects that the party is surrounded by contradictions,\" Gehlot told TOI. He said the BJP leaders should be careful about politicizing sensitive issues.\"We received at least seven advisories from the Central intelligence agencies that there was a threat to Rushdie's life. Still we didn't disallow him to come to Jaipur. In fact, we took measures to ensure that the author lands safely,\" he added.He said Rushdie lied and now BJP is making an issue out of a molehill. He alleged that the entire controversy was stirred by the BJP and now Congress was made to douse the fire. \"Senior BJP leaders should ask their counterparts in Rajasthan on what made them protest Rushdie's visit,\" he questioned.State home secretary G S Sandhu refuted the author's allegations that the Rajasthan police had lied. He said they had specific inputs about threat to Rushdie's life and the intelligence agencies had alerted them about it. \"We told organizers that intelligence had alerted them,\" Sandhu clarified.Sandhu said they received five-six advisories on threat to Rushdie's life. \"Later, several religious groups came forward with protest plans,\" he said. He further said the Central intelligence had informed them that the ex- cadre of SIMI Shaquib Nachan was planning to target Rushdie.\"We learnt that Nachan had hired a shooter to target Rushdie during his Jaipur visit,\" he said.The home secretary said the intelligence units had surveyed the Godrej guesthouse in Mumbai, where Rushdie stays during his visits to the city. \"We refute Rushdie's allegations and reaffirm that there was threat to Rushdie life,\" added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11607928", "title": "Konduskar scion held for drug trafficking", "text": "MUMBAI: Over a month after the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) lodged a criminal case against Abhijeet Konduskar, managing director of Kamud Drugs, the Sangli police on Saturday arrested him for illegally manufacturing and distributing party drugs in violation of the Drugs and Cosmetics Act.Konduskar was in the custody of the directorate of revenue intelligence (DRI)'s Ahmedabad unit when the Sangli police secured his custody. \"We had obtained an arrest warrant from a Miraj court and moved a court in Ahmedabad for his custody. Konduskar has been remanded in police custody till January 26,\" a senior police official told TOI.Ever since Konduskar was arrested by the DRI in June and later in December, home minister R R Patil, rural development minister Jayant Patil and forest minister Patangrao Kadam have been at the receiving end for the Sangli police's failure to detain him. Sangli is the hometown of the three ministers.BJP leader Vinod Tawde had condemned the government, particularly R R Patil, for protecting the alleged drug manufacturer. The government had assured both the houses of the state legislature that Konduskar's drug manufacturing licence would be cancelled and his factory sealed. A month after the assurance, the DRI seized fresh stocks of party drugs manufactured in the Sangli factory.Minister of state for FDA had asked the then FDA commissioner Seema Vyas to initiate criminal proceedings against Kamud Drugs. Accordingly, directions were issued on August 8 to the Sangli FDA sleuths to lodge a criminal case against the firm, its owner and partners.On December 2, when the DRI officials seized fresh stocks of party drugs, newly-appointed FDA commissioner Mahesh Zagde found that Vyas's orders were never implemented.On December 11, Zagde issued fresh instructions to the Sangli FDA and told officials that failure to act against erring drug manufacturers would result in disciplinary action. R R Patil, too, asked the Sangli police to ensure that the complaint lodged by the FDA was probed thoroughly and action taken against Konduskar.Simultaneously, Zagde issued notices to Sangli FDA officials for dereliction of duty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "11611120", "title": "Shillong pays tribute to Netaji", "text": "SHILLONG: The lad from Cuttack who grew up to become a legendary leader and a spearhead of the Indian freddom struggle still ignites young impressionable minds all over Kohima, Moirang, Shillong and beyond.\"It's Netaji's birth anniversary today, so I woke up early to take part in the prabhat pheri (early morning procession),\" says a bleary-eyed Abhinav, shivering in the Shillong winter.The boy was one of the hundreds gathered from across the Pine City to pay homage at the feet of the life-sized statue of Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose at the State Central Library premises.It's not just the schoolchildren who idolise Netaji, Even little Kharkupar, who sells 'kwai' (betel nuts and leaves) and does not go to school, knows all about his contribution to India. \"I love this statue of Netaji...he looks like a hero. And I know this is the birth anniversary of the man who gave us our freedom,\" he fumbles to answer when asked what he is doing at the venue without his basket.Netaji, in fact, had a connection with Shillong. On November 17, 1938, he made his way to the hill stattion in a made-in-England 'Wepat' car driven by the late JN Bawri, then an 18-year-old. Bose, then the president of the Indian National Congress , was in Shillong, then the capital of composite Assam, to install a Congress government.Staying in a private house near the Ward's Lake, Bose addressed his first meeting in Shillong at the Polo marketto a massive audience that had gathered at the venue despite the threat of the British. He addressed another meeting at the Durbar Hall at Mawkhar calling on the people to gear up to struggle for India's freedom. Netaji met the then British governor of Assam in Shillong and put forth the claim to form a Congress government.Understanding that the governor was not interested, he showed his threatened that if he was not allowed to form a government then the Congress governments all over India would resign.Finally the governor relented and agreed to swear-in a Congress government under the premiership of Gopinath Bordoloi on November 18, 1938. Bose had also gone on a sight-seeing trip in Shillong and was particularly interested in seeing the house where Rabindranath Tagore stayed at the Rilbong locality. This hiistoric trip was not Netaji first visit to Shillong. In 1927, he spent a long time in the city to recuperate after after being released from the Mandalay Jail in Burma .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "erode", "code": "11609520", "title": "33,000 birds spotted in Vellode", "text": "ERODE: Around 33,000 birds of several varieties have been spotted in the Vellode Birds Sanctuary during a two-day census conducted by the forest department.Many migratory birds, some even from central Asia , visit the sanctuary, spread over 77 hectares. After the nesting period, they will return to their destinations, forest officials said.Of the 102 varieties visited, some popular species that were spotted include Night Heron, Painted Stork, Common Coot, White Breasted Kingfisher, Common Sandpiper, Indian Roller and Common Teal.Forest officials said that arrival of birds was increasing every year because poaching activities have been successfully curtailed in the area. \"Last year 31140 birds were seen inside the sanctuary,\" they said. The two-day census, which began on Saturday, concluded on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "11611154", "title": "New policy to boost sports in Arunachal", "text": "ITANAGAR: Arunachal Pradesh is all set to formulate a policy soon to give a fillip to the state's sports sector. Chief minister Nabam Tuki, while inaugurating a football tournament here last evening, said the focus of the new policy would be to tap the immense sports talent of the state, official sources said here today.\"Our state abounds in natural talent. Over the years, our sportspersons have excelled in fields like weightlifting, karate, badminton and mountaineering. Therefore, the government has decided to give an impetus to this sector and facilitate the growth of sports activities not only in the state capital but across the state,\" he said.The state government has already sanctioned an amount of Rs 20 crore under Special Plan Assistance (SPA) for development of sports infrastructure across Arunachal.To encourage untapped sporting talent in rural and interior areas to come forward, Tuki's government has sanctioned Rs 2 crore to organize sports activities at the panchayat level all over the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11611261", "title": "Rally to save girl child", "text": "KANPUR: 'Save the girl child' and 'Beta-beti ek samaan' (son and daughter are equal) were some of the themes in an awareness rally taken out by the health department on Monday. The purpose of the rally was to discourage sex determination tests and female foeticide.The health officials told the people about the PCPNDT Act and appealed them to maintain the male-female balance in the society. Malvika wife of district magistrate Hari Om, flagged off the rally, which started from DG College and ended at Green Park. She said that the female foeticide is a social evil and there is an urgent need to tackle it. It is imperative that the youth talk about it.Chief medical officer Jai Singh stressed on the need to spread the message of 'save girl child' among the masses. He assured that surprise inspection of ultrasound clinics would continue and action taken against centres indulging in sex determination tests. He urged the public to pass information about such ultrasound clinics to district administration or the health department.Meanwhile, raids were conducted at several ultrasound and diagnostic centres on Monday. \"We had conducted raids at five ultrasound centres,\" deputy chief medical officer RM Tiwari said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11612911", "title": "Veena Malik, Vedita Pratap's ugly fight", "text": "Vedita Pratap, who does not share a very good rapport with her co-star Veena Malik, has accused her of intentionally hurting her during an action sequence in Mumbai 125kmThey have never been friends. And so, Veena Malik and Vedita Pratap's fight for a sequence in Mumbai 125km did not require a lot of acting skills. In fact, Mumbai Mirror has learnt that Vedita, who has been injured on her forehead as a result of the scene, has accused Veena of intentionally hurting her.According to a unit member, Veena took the scene more seriously than was perhaps required and as a result Vedita had to be rushed to the hospital. The source revealed, \"In the scene, Veena had to pull Vedita by the neck and bang her head on an iron rod. It created a lot of commotion on the sets and director Hemant Madhukar was brought in to resolve the issue. Vedita, who was furious, told Hemant that Veena purposely hurt her.\"Vedita's injury was reportedly nursed at a city hospital. The source informed that she is currently undergoing treatment to get rid of the scar on her forehead.When contacted, Vedita confirmed the incident and said, \"It was an action sequence. I was supposed to be beaten up. I don't know what happened to Veena. She actually hurt me and she did it so badly that I had nail marks on my body. I don't know what was wrong with her. And then she pushed me so badly and banged my head on the rod. After the incident, I spoke to the director and told him that she is deliberately doing this. Acting is one thing, but this is just over acting.\"When asked if there is any enmity among them on the sets, she said, \"I don't know. I think somewhere she is just insecure or just waited for the opportunity to do something like this to me. As a result of the injury, I have marks on my forehead, which I have to undergo treatment to get rid off.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11610640", "title": "They pledge to save girl child", "text": "NEW DELHI: In the crowded lanes of Nangal Raya and Sagarpur, located on either side of the Pankha Road flyover, women are quietly joining hands to fight the evil of female foeticide. They are far away from the intellectual debates over the issue, but they have been living with this menace for most part of their lives.There are many women in the area, who were forced to terminate pregnancies by husbands and in-laws, who wanted a male child. And in this, they were helped by many gynaecologists and diagnostic centres that violated the law by carrying out sex determination tests on the sly for prices varying from Rs 2,000 to Rs 4,000.According to government data for 2011, 24 inspections were carried out in areas like Nangal Raya, Mahipalpur, Sagarpur, Najafgarh, Vasant Kunj, Vasant Vihar, Palam and Dwarka, under the Pre-Conception &amp; Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques Act.Showcause notices were issued in 11 cases. In two cases, registration of the centres under provisions of the PNDT ACT was cancelled ; in two others, registration was suspended; and in another four, Rs 20,000 penalty was slapped.A temple complex in Nangal Raya acts as a monthly meeting point for both victims and activists. Kiran Sharma from Nangal Raya says they are now a group of 15 women, who lead this grassroots-level attempt called Sankalp (Pledge). It's an initiative by NGO Centre For Advocacy.Sharma, whose husband is a railway employee, lives near the railway line. She narrates an instance with horror when she saw a newborn girl being dumped along the tracks. \"I saw it from my window and ran to save her; but when I reached, I found she had been killed and dumped there,\" Sharma said.Neeta Kumar (name changed) from Sagarpur was visibly shaken while recounting her own experience. She said she was a graduate, but she always suffered because she was born a girl. Her sufferings continued even after marriage, as she bore two girls, much to the dislike of her in-laws.\"I am the only child of my parents. When I got married my in-laws punished me for giving birth to two daughters. I was confined to the house for eight long years and was beaten up often,\" Kumar added.She revealed that when she conceived for the third time, she feared it could be a girl again, so she went for sex determination. She had no trouble finding a doctor. She was relieved when she found that it was a boy. But the pain and anguish continues to hound her, which has made her an activist. \"The nexus of doctors, nursing homes and diagnostic centres is well known, but no one talks about it,\" said Sudha Tiwari, an ASHA worker. Her comment triggered a discussion and agitated women doled out names of such nursing homes and diagnostic centres in the vicinity. \"When the test is done women call for the report and they are told about the sex of the child in 'Yes' and 'No'. Abortion costs Rs 5000,\" another ASHA worker said. According to women and child development minister Kiran Walia, the skewed sex ratio is matter of grave concern. \"Besides the many schemes like Laadli Yojana and Integrated Child Development Scheme for the wellbeing of the girl child, we are now launching an awareness drive through vans with video facilities to build awareness, calling upon people to join the effort to save the girl child. We also plan to open centres for women in all districts to enable them to share their problems,\" Walia added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11609652", "title": "Ruckus over flight cancellation", "text": "PATNA: Passengers created ruckus at city airport here on Monday when Jet Airways cancelled its Kolkata-Patna-Kolkata-Bangalore-Goa-Bangalore-Kolkata-Patna flight (S2-402/401), sources said.The flight, which is scheduled to arrive here at 7:45 am and again at 8:30 pm, did not arrive here in the evening. Over 70 passengers were booked on the flight. As there were only few options for them at 8:30 pm, they resorted to arguments with airline officials, sources added. The flight, which was suspended for winter, had resumed on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11611102", "title": "Srujanotsava participants get a taste of Tulunadu", "text": "MANGALORE: The pure vegetarian Tulunadu food served at the Bal Bharath Srujanotsava forged the hearts of over 1,500 children participating in the event irrespective of from where they come from.Idli Vade, the quintessential south Indian breakfast made of fermented black lentils and rice made a foray into the hearts of North Indian kids and their care takers \"The food is simply sumptuous and delicious,\" they chorused. The menu for lunch and dinner include roti, chapathi, rice, sambar, rasam, pallya, papad, pickle, and mouth-watering sweets like jalebi and payasa. According to chairperson, Bal Bhavan Society, Sulochana GK Bhat nearly 3,600 food tokens were issued on Monday.Elaborate arrangements were made for the accommodation of the participants and their caretakers. They are put up in eight places near Vamanjoor, close to Pilikula Nisargadhama. More than 30 buses and other vehicles are arranged for their commutation. \"Facilities provided for us are really commendable. I really love this place and people,\" said Aniketh Kumar, caretaker for Ashalatha Balbhavan team from harkhand.His opinion was seconded by Malavika Manoj, child magician and holder of Limca Book of Records from Jawahar Balbhavan, Kollam in Kerala. \"Food, accommodation, transportation and programme arrangements are all excellent. I am enjoying the fest and my stay here,\" she said. Food counter of self-help groups and other stalls of various organizations are also attracting children", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11610194", "title": "Naveen lands in fresh soup of SEC rule violation", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The opposition on Monday demanded the State Election Commission to take action against chief minister and BJD president Naveen Patnaik for allegedly violating the election code of conduct.At an election function at Tangi in Khurda district on Sunday, Naveen was reportedly seen sharing the dais with a local panchayat samiti member and a sarpanch candidate. The commission has decided against allowing party affiliation to those contesting for ward member, panchayat samiti member and sarpanch posts. Only those contending for Zilla Parishad seats can use party symbols, the commission has announced despite objections from most of the political parties, who want political participation at levels of the three-tier panchayat polls.Naveen while launching his poll campaign from Tangi on Sunday shared the dais with a local panchayat samiti member contestant Bharat Charan Behera and sarpanch aspirant Surendra Behera, providing opposition with fresh ammunition to attack him at a time when reports of increase in crimes against women has already pushed the ruling BJD to the wall.Congress leader L B Mohapatra said, \"If the chief minister contravenes the model code of conduct enforced by the State Election Commission, why should we follow the code?\" Senior BJP leader Biswa Bhusan Harichandan accused Naveen of having violated the poll code and pressed for action against him.In a joint media statement, CPI, CPM, Forward Bloc, Rashtriya Janata Dal and Samajwadi Party said the commission's decision not to allow political party participation in sarpanch, panchayat samiti member and ward member elections was curtailing the rights of political parties. \"The commission should either withdraw its decision or ensure it is effectively implemented for all, including the CM and ruling BJD,\" the statement said.Naveen rubbished the charges, saying: \"The opposition is the habit of making such allegations since the last dozen years (since he has been CM). I am not aware of any such thing. We are not in the habit of breaking rules in elections.\"State election commissioner A K Tripathy told TOI: \"I am on tour today (Monday). If we receive complaints, we will certainly examine the issue.\"The poll code violation row has apparently added to the woes of Naveen, who is already under serious pressure following reports of increasing crime against women in the state. On Monday, he cancelled his scheduled visit to his constituency, Hinjili in Ganjam district, and reviewed the law and order situation. Naveen said he asked the DGP to take stringent action against culprits and also register all cases of crime against women.Official sources said considering the political backlash over alleged incidents of rape in Pipili, Balasore and some other places in recent weeks, the government is considering drastic action against certain officers accused of having suppressed the alleged rape of a 19-year-old girl in Pipili on November 28. Plans are also afoot to make the helpline at the women and child development department more effective to ensure aggrieved parties can draw the attention of supervisory officers about various issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11609879", "title": "Work on Ghogha-Dahej Ro-Ro service to start soon", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After years of delay, the Roll On (RO)-Roll Off (RO) ferry service connecting Saurashtra with south Gujarat via sea route is finally seeing the light of the day. Chief minister Narendra Modi will lay the foundation stone for constructing the Ro-Ro terminal at Gogha, 20 km from Bhavnagar, on January 26.The construction of terminals at Ghogha and Dahej will be completed in 15 months. Gujarat Maritime Board, meanwhile, will call for bids from ferry service operators to operate the vessels on this route.\"We plan to run ferries that can carry maximum number of passengers and vehicles on this route once the terminals are ready. Initially, we will be running 2-3 ferry vessels and looking at its utility, the number would be increased,\" a GMB spokesman said. The circuitous road distance around the Gulf of Cambay between the Gogha and Dahej is 360 km. However, the distance will reduce to just 31 km using the sea route.Ro-Ro ferries are special vessels on to which vehicles can drive and be accommodated for the sea journey on special vehicle decks. The maximum capacity ferry vehicle is expected to have capacity to accommodate more than 100 vehicles including trucks, buses, cars, etc and more than 1,000 passengers in each of its trips.The project cost of the ferry service is estimated to be Rs 296 crore. The terminals at Ghogha and Dahej will provide berth accommodation for ferries, facilities for loading and unloading of vehicles and commuters and onshore terminal.The state government is also planning to construct approximately 6.5 km four-lane rigid pavement connecting Ghogha ferry terminal from the state highway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11610862", "title": "Let\u2019s talk about money", "text": "Acne and back answering teens are old hat. These days, Radha Mehta, the mother of a 14-year-old , is troubled by something she had never thought would be an issueher son's obsession with karate. While she has been encouraging her child to develop her interest in this martial art, she scarcely imagined the associated expenses.Right from the paraphernalia of uniform, to the cost of coaching to the specialized camps and competitions, the extracurricular has ended up being almost as expensive as her school fees.Raising a child has suddenly turned into a financial nightmare for aspirational parents coping with an increasingly competitive world filled with extra-curriculars , tuitions and international schools that dangle promises of transforming their regular betas and betis into Baby Einsteins.There was a time when the costs associated with children's upbringing were simple and straightforward. You saved for their higher education , their marriage, and perhaps to help them settle down-for instance, you may have contributed a part of the down payment on their house. But suddenly, in a world filled with educational choices and multiple gadgets, enormous additional costs have sprung up.Parent and teacher Nitya Peerbhoy says, \"Parents are trying to keep up with their peers and these activities are all very expensive.\"Wealth managers advise parents to start investing for their children from the time they are very young, in anticipation of such costs that are likely to crop up. However, they suggest that you stay far away from the growing plethora of investment options that are marketed as 'children's plans' , which is what most parents and grandparents do, goaded on by financial agents.There are two types of children's plans-those that come from mutual funds and those from insurance companies . They tend to offer a lump sum at specified ages, such as 18 or 21 years.\"Both are avoidable,\" says wealth manager Sujata Kabraji . Why? To start with, the expenses associated with these are needlessly high, anywhere from 3-10 % in the first year, points out financial planner Gaurav Mashruwala. \"You are better off giving that money to the child. Besides, they are investing in exactly the same instruments-either equity or debt-as a regular mutual fund or scheme, which does not market itself as a children's plan.\" There are several ways you can go about investing for your child's future.The first is to create a single corpus of investmentswhich would go towards all future requirements, whether it would be a child's education, your retirement, or a health contingency. But if you have not differentiated your financial goals and there is a fear that you may end up using an amount meant for one thing towards another-or , worse still-towards an impulsive vacation in Switzerland .If you are not the most disciplined person, Mashruwala suggests creating a separate fund in the child's name or in a joint name with the child. The only problem is that if it is in the child's name, he legally has access to it after the age of 18. Kabraji recommends investing a fixed amount through a Systematic Investment Plan (SIP) into an equity index fund and a small amount into a gold fund, as a hedge against the stock markets.As far as insurance is concerned, what most people do not understand is that it is the earning parent rather than the child who needs to be covered. The child is not the earning entity . \"Yet, everyone gets carried away, goes and buys these plans and then gets stuck with them,\" says Kabraji. A term plan that covers a person until his dependents need him is a more sensible option.Planners urge parents to take more responsibility towards generating financial literacy in a child at an early age. The child should have a piggy bank, understand the discipline of pocket money, and be taught how to save towards something.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11609458", "title": "Wider 'scope' for star-gazers here", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Visitors to the Priyadarshini Planetarium at the Kerala Science and Technology Museum in the city can now have a closer look at the heavens.A 14-inch reflective telescope is ready to welcome stargazers.\"Currently, the huge imported telescope is placed inside a makeshift arrangement for night sky observation in the open air on the terrace, said Arul Gerald Prakash, director of the Kerala State Science and Technology Museum (KSTM).\"It will be shifted to a permanent Astrodome once it is constructed\". For constructing a permanent dome the roof top of the Planetarium, tenders will soon be invited and construction will begin by March.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11610393", "title": "Harsher penalties needed to deter traffic offenders: Experts", "text": "NEW DELHI: If you are caught driving rashly in the UK, you can be fined an indefinite amount. In Singapore , the offence could lead to your vehicle getting impounded. For causing death in an accident, you can face a jail-term of 14 years in the UK. For the same offence in the US, you would not only have to fork out Rs 2.45 lakh (approx) as fine, but can also be jailed for 25 years. In contrast, first-time offenders in India can get off the hook by paying a paltry fine of Rs 1,000 for rash driving. They won't even have to appear in court.Stringent punitive provisions against those flouting traffic rules are the need of the hour, says an expert group set up by the road transport ministry. \"India has recorded the highest number of road fatalities in the world in recent years. In 2010, road accidents claimed a staggering 1.3 lakh lives on Indian roads. These numbers translate into one road accident every four minutes\", said A K Upadhyay, secretary, road transport and highway ministry.The capital, too, fares no better. \"In the last two years, no traffic offenders have been imprisoned, except for those caught for drunk driving. The latter is also a recent development - the first such jail-term was ordered in August 2010 when a court decided to impose the imprisonment clause if one is found driving drunk under the Motor Vehicles Act (1988),\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic), Satyendra Garg.Measly fines are hardly a deterrent for traffic violators, say traffic cops. On the night of October 30, 2011 a speeding Maruti Swift jumped the red light, killing one person and injuring six others in front of Pragati Maidan. But such offenders easily get off the hook as the fine for jumping a red light is a mere Rs 100, and killing someone in an accident is a bailable offence.\"Jumping a red light is the most frequent violation in Delhi. We have issued around eight lakh challans for the offence. But no traffic violation can be regarded as minor as all offences put both the driver as well as others at risk,\" said JCP Garg. This year alone has seen over seven lakh prosecutions for jumping the red light, said traffic cops.\"If a person is not carrying his licence, all he has to shell out is Rs 500. There is also a provision of a three-month jail-term but it is hardly invoked. Even zigzag driving, which is extremely dangerous, is treated casually. We issue challans for the offense under dangerous driving, but that is not enough,\" said a senior traffic police officer.Statistics too, paint a shocking picture. In 2011, around 1,727 deaths occurred in 1,683 fatal accidents in the capital. Over 80% of the victims were either pedestrians or two-wheeler riders. \"Despite the escalating number of deaths, riding without a helmet invites a petty fine of Rs 100. And women and turbaned Sikhs are exempt from the rule. Harsher punishment can perhaps make a difference,\" said a senior traffic cop.In Singapore, your driving license would be permanently cancelled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11607695", "title": "Western Railway hit after motorman overshoots Bandra signal", "text": "MUMBAI: Western Railway (WR) suburban services were affected as trains had to be diverted after a Borivli-bound local motorman overshot a signal near Bandra at 9am on Monday.Sharat Chandrayan, WR chief public relations officer, said, \"It was a suspected case of overshooting. The motorman was taken off-duty, due to which the train was detained for 45 minutes, till a replacement arrived. A probe has been ordered.\"There was also a 'point' (signal) failure at the same time, but it is not known if the two incidents are related.Ten suburban trains were cancelled due to the incident on the down slow track. Officials said, \"The train overshot the signal by five metres. But the impact on services could have been worse if the incident occurred on the up track (Churchgate-bound) at the same time.\"A WR official said though the lapse was serious, it would have not have led to a mishap. The official said, \"The suburban network is fitted with an auxiliary warning system due to which the train automatically comes to a halt as soon as it jumps a red signal.\"Suburban services ran 30 minutes late till the situation returned to normal at around 10.30 am.Supriya Rane from Kandivli said, \"I was unable to board the train from Kandivli as the crowds swelled due to the delay and cancellation of services during peak hours.\"Amit D'Souza from Andheri said, \"Since there was delay, I decided to travel via the Central line to Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus, to reach office in Fort. I usually travel by WR.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11609660", "title": "Less crime in city's western parts in 2011", "text": "AHMEDABAD: White collar criminals ruled the roost in 2011. However, the western parts of the city witnessed a dip of 12 per cent in crime rate last year.Joint commissioner of police, Sector I, Ajay Tomar said on Monday: \"Compared to 2010, we have seen reduction in number of loot cases by 22%, chain snatching by 30% and theft cases 24.2%. Compared to 345 cases registered in 2010, snatching incidents have come down to 242,\" he said.The white collar crimes took precedence over violent crimes in the city. City police said that over 500 cases of cheating and breach of trust were reported, averaging more than one per day. Police said that business districts of the city such as Kalupur and Navrangpura have reported maximum number of such cases.In addition, number of murders increased, as per data provided by city police. Amraiwadi alone reported seven cases of murder before Khokhra police station was carved out. Compared to 83 in 2010, 2011 witnessed 97 murders.Tomar said that the trick to identify potential criminals and profiling them helped immensely. \"When chain snatching incidents were at peak, we started profiling youths earlier caught in such offences. When police started targeting youths matching such profiles, we saw a dip in the incidents. We also attribute the success to citizens' awareness in as number of crimes involving police impersonators have gone down due to raised awareness,\" he said.JCP Ajay Tomar said that they have begun working to clear the backlog of complaints. \"We gave the police officials target to clear such backlog and hear the citizens out. When we received complaints that police inspectors could not be contacted, we made it mandatory that the inspectors meet applicants between 6 pm and 8 pm.We expect the backlog to be cleared in a month,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11610198", "title": "Passengers go on the rampage at Retang station", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Delay in the movement of a passenger train triggered mob fury at Retang railway station on the outskirts of Bhubaneswar on Monday. Irate passengers went on the rampage at the station, blocking rail traffic for nearly two hours on the route, sources said.Trouble erupted when the station authorities gave green signal to a goods train, two passenger and express trains by halting the Puri-Cuttack daily passenger train at the station for several minutes.Aggrieved passengers, many of whom were office-goers, vented their ire on the railway officials over the inordinate delay. \"This has become a daily affair. We cannot reach office in time due to the erratic timetable of the train,\" Krushna Padhy, a passenger said.The protesters resorted to sit-in and put burning logs on the track. The railway police had a trying time to placate the mob.The railway authorities said the goods and express trains were allowed to go first as some repair work was going on the parallel track. \"The track had developed some fracture and the engineers were busy with the repair work. There was no intention to halt the Puri-Cuttack passenger train,\" an east coast railway (ECoR) officer said.Office-goers commuting in several trains were stuck on Friday after three wagons of a goods train caught fire at Bhubaneswar, disrupting movement of trains for nearly three hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11609183", "title": "Expansion of ORR radial roads in a phased manner", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) will expand two more radial roads for better connectivity to the Outer Ring Road (ORR) in a month.The two radial roads, Shaikpet to Kokapet (ORR) and Radhika Theatre to Yadgarpally ORR road via Thumkunta, will be taken up once the state government gives the administrative sanction. The work would be taken up with financial assistance from the Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA).Apart from these two, three other roads have already been taken up. HMDA had identified 33 radial roads for smooth flow of traffic from the inner ring road to ORR. These roads were identified based on traffic flow studies, which recommended that these stretches need to be widened and developed to ensure a hassle-free travel to reach ORR.While seven radial roads were completed by the HMDA, another five would be taken up in the next few months. The roads and buildings (R&B;) department and the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) have also taken up expansion of their respective roads.HMDA officials claim that by the time the entire 158-km ORR is ready, all radial roads should be expanded to have better connectivity to the ORR. As all roads cannot be taken up at one go as it requires Rs 2,500 crore and with JICA agreeing to give only Rs 380 crore loan to the HMDA, development of radial roads would be taken up in a phased manner.The HMDA bears 30% of the cost, while R&B; and municipal administration and urban development departments contribute 25% and 10% respectively.HMDA has already called tenders for the development of three radial roads, Gandimaisamma-Dundigal road (Hyderabad to Bodhan road), ECIL Crossroads to Keesara (near Cherial Crossroads) and Nagole junction to Gowrelly crossroads. These roads, of nearly 34 km length, would be taken up at a cost of about Rs 207 crore with the JICA loan.\"The authority received about 25 tenders for the three radial roads, which are under technical evaluation. Tenders will be finalised in a couple of weeks and work will begin immediately. Two more radial roads will be taken up once the state government gives clearance,\" ORR chief general manager N Surya Prakash Reddy told TOI on Monday.According to the officials, seven roads such as Indian School of Business to Gachibowli ORR, Agriculture University, Rajendranagar to APRL, Langer Houz to Vikarabad, a four-lane road from Tippu Khan bridge to Gandipet (Narsingi), Byramalguda junction towards Nagarjunasagar road to ORR and Pahadisharif to Tukkuguda on Srisailam state highway, of nearly 50 km length were expanded at a cost of Rs 380 crore.Based on traffic density, the roads were widened to four, six and eight lanes and road development plans, including construction of footpaths, central median with lighting and beautification works, were being taken up on these stretches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11613318", "title": "Katherine Heigl on a mission to save dogs", "text": "Katherine Heigl is on a mission to save rescue dogs in Los Angeles from being put down.The 'One for the Money' star runs the charity Jason Debus Heigl foundation - which is named in honour of her late brother - with her mother Nancy and the pair's goal is to encourage people to adopt abandoned mutts.In her blog post for the iVillage series CelebVillage, the actress revealed: \"My mother Nancy and I ... have been fighting diligently to change policy, bring awareness and stop the unnecessary euthanization of healthy adoptable dogs in the city and county of Los Angeles.\"It was only four years ago that I became aware of the dire situation in our shelter systems and since then it has been immensely important to me to inform others who, like me, adore and respect their pets and would do anything to protect and shelter them but who are unaware of all the others in our country about animals suffering and dying needlessly.\"Four million healthy adoptable companion pets are being killed every year in our shelters due to overcrowding. I have faith, however, that we can change the statistics. The solutions can be complicated and seem impossible, but the reality is that there is something each one of us can do to help: We can encourage our family, friends and neighbours to rescue a pet versus buying one. We can promote and support spay/neuter programs and education in our towns and cities. We can donate time, money (even a dollar matters!) or supplies to local shelters. And, most importantly, when you curl up on the floor, sofa or bed with your most loyal friend, you can remember that the best way to honour the gift they are in our lives is to help their kind any way we can. Every little bit matters, no kindness is too small. One saved life matters, one unnecessary death avoided matters.\"Katherine - who has a three-year-old adopted daughter, Naleigh, with her husband Josh Kelley - insists dogs deserve the compassion of society because of the special relationship the animals have shared with humans for centuries.She added: \"It's easy to lose sight of humanity's capacity for compassion, but in the world of animal rescue I am reminded over and over again of how most people are inherently good and well-intentioned. That's what I force myself to focus on when despair and hopelessness starts to creep in. I choose over and over again to see people's character and integrity as my dogs do. They have set the bar high when it comes to faith, compassion, patience, loyalty and unconditional love and when I pray at night, I ask that I can follow their example more often. These remarkable creatures have put so much trust and heart into the human race: Now all we have to do is deserve it.\"Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11610455", "title": "UP polls: 867 to fight 55 phase-1 seats", "text": "LUCKNOW: As many as 867 candidates in 55 Assembly constituencies will contest in the first phase of Assembly election in UP on February 8.Till Monday, the last date for candidates to withdraw their nominations, 66 decided to pull out of the electoral fray. During the scrutiny process, the Election Commission, on January 21, rejected the nominations filed by 61 candidates. UP's chief electoral officer said a total of 994 nominations were filed till January 20, the last date for filing nominations.Sitapur, Barabanki, Faizabad , Ambedkar Nagar, Bahraich, Shravasti, Balrampur , Gonda, Siddharthnagar and Basti will be the first ones to witness polling in the state. With the Congress bagging the maximum numbers after the 2009 Lok Sabha election, the first phase of Assembly elections is likely to witness a keen contest between Bahujan Samaj Party and the Congress.The first phase of election in UP will also be an acid test for Union steel minister Beni Prasad Verma. A sitting MP from Gonda, Verma had come under attack for having \"manipulated \" ticket distribution in the Congress to favour his former Samajwadi favourites.Though Congress has performed well in the LS election, its performance in this belt, during the 2007 elections has been poor. With Mayawati trying to retain her backward constituencies , Congress leadership will have its work cut out in this traditional Kurmi belt.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "rudraprayag", "code": "11610484", "title": "Parachute scare in Uttrakhand", "text": "RUDRAPRAYAG: \"Beware of parachute candidates ,\" screams a huge hoarding near Dehradun's busy Ballupur Chowk urging people to vote for \"your very own\" candidate whose smiling, whiskered face fills up the remaining space.Local papers and TV channels are endlessly discussing the fate of these 'parachutes ' as are people. Who or what is a parachute?It is one of several unexpected events that has upended political punditry and made the Uttarakhand polls an enigma wrapped in a mystery. A 'parachute' candidate is one who has not been associated with a particular constituency in the past but has jumped into the fray because of some organizational directive , explains Pradeep Bhandari in Dehradun.But in Uttarakhand, there is an epidemic of 'parachutes' because this is the first election after constituencies were newly defined recently. Virtually everybody has to deal with new areas added to their home turfs leading to bitter fights within the same party, claims and counter claims, and allegations of 'parachutism' . It also leads to the phenomenon of \"rebel candidate\" -a party rebel who runs as an independent. Of BJP's 38 rebel candidates and 37 Congress ones, many are fighting to get rid of the parachute name tag, like BJP candidate and former CM Nishank in Doiwala.But what is really making people nervous in the hill state is the freezing cold. While campaigning has picked up in the plains after a couple of sunny days this week, the middle and higher ranges, including valleys in their folds, are reeling under record-breaking low temperatures and snow.Rudraprayag, a district headquarter town on the confluence of the Alaknanda and Mandakini , is located at just about 2,500 feet, but night temperatures dipped to near zero on Saturday. Gopeshwar and Joshimath further up in the valley are blanketed in snow. Freezing winds are keeping people indoors and by late afternoon, towns and villages lock down for the night. There are barely any flags or buntings, and occasionally sound from some struggling amplifier tied atop a moving vehicle pierces the silence.Uttarakhand Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11610092", "title": "Techies can now lose that bulge", "text": "KOCHI: It couldn't have come at a better time. What with the expanding waistlines of men and women (especially the ones who work the graveyard shift), Kochi Infopark officials are on an endeavour to keep the city techies trim and fit.Apart from constructing a high-tech walkway at the Infopark, the authorities are also planning a gym, spa and yoga centre for the IT professionals. Nearly 3,500 sqft of built up space has already been earmarked for the purpose. \"A Kerala-based firm has shown interest in running the wellness centre .We expect the centre to be open soon,\" said Gijo Joseph, chairman Infopark. \"Once the wellness centre ready, it is up to the vendor to run it. But we will provide all support to them,\" added Joseph. The techies too have not been far behind in demanding such facilities.\"During monsoon, the IT professionals arriving in buses find it difficult to reach the office from the bus station. That's why we decided to construct a walkway with a high-tech roof,\" said Kurien, senior technical officer, Infopark.The design of the400 metre-long walkway, from the old gate of Infopark to Vismaya, one of the IT towers, is already complete. Though the walkway will be only up to Vismaya in the first phase, later it will be extended to other towers like Tapasya and Athulya. There are also plans to display advertisements of firms functioning within Infopark as well as those from outside on the walkway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "11609989", "title": "Teacher booked for criminal breach of trust", "text": "SHIMLA: A case of criminal breach of trust has been registered against a lecturer of psychology posted at Government Senior Secondary School, Sanjauli, following allegations that she awarded practical examination marks to students without evaluating their answer sheets last year.Director education O P Sharma lodged a complaint at police station (Shimla east) against Bhawan Sharma on the basis of which a case of criminal breach of trust by public servant was registered under Section 409 of IPC. In his complaint, Sharma alleged that assistant director, elementary education, Sushma Kaushal had made a complaint that Bhawan Sharma, while posted at Government Senior Secondary School for Girls, Portmore, had awarded mark for practical examinations to students of classes X! and XII without evaluating their answer sheets. He claimed that same complaint was made against the same lecturer by Satish Thakur, a resident of Shimla. The education department has also initiated departmental inquiry to know how the teacher awarded marks to candidates without checking their answer sheets, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11608134", "title": "22-yr-old held for raping Class 10th girl", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bhandup police on Saturday arrested a 22-year-old college dropout for allegedly kidnapping a Class X student, taking her to a hotel in Bhandup and repeatedly raping her through the night before letting her go the next morning.Police officials said the incident occurred on Friday when the teenager, the daughter of a businessman, was on her way to school in the morning. \"Midway, the teenager met the accused, Sagar Raorane, who, after falsely promising to get her a gift, spent the entire day taking her around Bhandup in an autorickshaw, and then committed the offence,\" Bhandup police senior inspector Shrirang Nadgauda told TOI.The matter came to light when the girl returned home on Saturday. Initially, she claimed that she had gone to a classmate's house, but later broke down and told her mother about the incident.The girl's parents had lodged a missing persons' complaint after she didn't come home after school on Friday. In her complaint, the girl's mother said, \"My daughter said the youth befriended her a week ago. On Friday, he lured her by promising to buy her a gift. After spending the whole day, he planned to take her to the hotel room. He told my daughter to tell her parents that she was at her classmate's home and had decided to stay back as it was late.\"Raorane, a Bhandup resident, has been arrested several times in the past for theft.Raorane will be in custody till January 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11610090", "title": "Drug trials row: Docs ignore govt order to pay up", "text": "INDORE: Two months after, none of the 12 doctors who were ordered to pay a nominal penalty of Rs 5,000 in connection with the controversial drug trials have have done so, even after the health department's after repeated reminders.Confirming that doctors are yet to deposit the fine, Divisional Joint Director (Health) Dr Sharad Pandit said, \"The doctors have not turned up with the fine yet. We will issue another reminder'', he added.According to sources, the health department had also written to Dean of Mahatma Gandhi Medical College (MGMC), but nothing has happened yet.The independent MLA from Ratlam, Paras Saklecha said: \"By not paying up, the doctors are showing contempt for the state assembly as well as government. The CM should take strict action against them. Nothing less than a CBI inquiry will do'', he maintained.Sources believe that doctors are not afraid of any action as the government itself is supporting them. Chinmay Mishra, a health activist said, \"Doctors are not depositing the fine as this would imply they are accepting guilt. ''It was on December 31 last year that the state government penalised 12 government doctors including Hemant Jain, Pushpa Verma, Anil Bharani, Ashok Vajpayee, Salil Bhargava, Apurv Puranik, Ramgulam Rajdan, V.S Pal, Ujwal Sardesai, Pali Rastogi, Abhay Paliwal and Atul Shende for their failure to inform the health department about thetrials. The CMHO had sought details under the Madhya Pradesh Nursing Homes and Clinical Establishment (registration and License) Amendment Act 2003 after the state government ordered to probe the clinical trials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11609024", "title": "Sena reconnects with grassroots units on Thackeray\u2019s birthday", "text": "MUMBAI: The Shiv Sena on Monday made the most of its chief Balasaheb Thackeray's birthday to reconnect with its grassroots units before the BMC polls. Meetings were held at street corners, crackers burst and sweets distributed in many parts of Mumbai, as Thackeray celebrated his 85th birthday.The celebration was aimed at boosting the sainiks' dropping morale, which took a plunge following Anand Paranjpe's break from the party. As the festivity started, the Sena patriarch appeared briefly at his window, greeting his followers. The Nepali Maha Sangh conducted a \"maha-mrityunjay yajna\" at Matoshree, praying for Thackeray's long life. The Sena chief was also weighed against 'rudraksha'.In its commemorative issue, Sena mouthpiece Saamna published a front-page article by Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi who likened Thackeray to Shivaji. \"Thackeray has the strength and aggression of Shivaji Maharaj,\" Modi stated. Commending Thackeray for his selfless service to Maharashtra, Modi said, \"Balasaheb brought many common workers into the political mainstream.\"Modi's praise should warm the cockles of the Sena's heart as the Gujarat CM is seen tilting towards Thackeray's estranged nephew, MNS chief Raj Thackeray. Even Nitesh Rane, Congress minister and Thackerays' arch rival Narayan Rane's son, twitted his best wishes: \"Thackeray Sr holds a unique and special place in politics.\"However, a discordant note was struck with reports of Gaurav Dalvi, son of senior Sena member Datta Dalvi, joining the NCP. In Saamna, Thackeray lambasted \"those who leave the Sena for quick political gains\".Stating that the ayaram-gayaram culture was the bane of India's democratic system, the editorial said: \"This doesn't happen in the UK or the US. A Republican Senator doesn't defect to the Democrat Party for political profit.\" Saamna also slammed Sharad Pawar and the NCP for engineering defections in the Sena. Yet, speaking to reporters, Thackeray called Pawar a \"friend\".\"Pawar will continue to be my friend,\" he said. At a rally, Uddhav Thackeray and RPI's Ramdas Athavle resolved to win the BMC poll and the assembly polls in 2014.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11611342", "title": "Mahajan's garden: A thing of envy", "text": "LUDHIANA: With a bit of heaven in their abode, Mahajans residence in B Block of BRS Nagar, is no ordinary home. The best part being their four split garden - a front garden measuring 600 sq ft, terrace garden of 450 sq yard, central courtyard garden measuring 550 sq ft and backyard garden of 420 sq ft. And that's not all. Their garden has a good variety of green ornamental trees ranging from pine, peacock palm (which normally grow in Thailand) to bamboo and fish palm.Besides serving the aesthetic needs of Dr Ranjive Mahajan, head of department of psychiatry at Dayanand Medical College and Hospital (DMCH), his psychiatrist wife Dr Navkiran Mahajan and their 12-year-old son Karman Mahajan, the garden is a place where they relax after a day of hectic work.All praise for nature's beauty and its healing power, Ranjive said, \"Without greenery a house is incomplete so when we thought of building our home we asked the architect to plan at least four gardens in the house where we can relax and enjoy\"Talking about the natural healing powers of nature, he said, \"As a psychiatrist I know how important gardens are for a home. They can heal you with their colours, smell, air, among others.''Proudly talking about his gardens, Ranjive adds, \"In the front garden we have peacock palm which is a rare green ornamental plant in Ludhiana and is mostly grown in Thailand . In the front garden we have ficus, areca palm, double coloured money plant, hybrid two colour roses and chrysanthemums. In the central courtyard garden, we have fish palm, money plant and areca palm.In the terrace garden we have two kachnar plants, at least three plants of bougainvillea in red, white and pink colour, bamboo trees, at least three different coloured roses, chrysanthemums and hibiscus. In the backyard garden we have three varieties of juniper including silver, golden and local type, a pine tree and roses. We also have two fruits trees including peach and cheekoo in the backyard garden. We also have a small waterfall in this garden.''Ranjive's wife Navkiran, adds, \"We have selected number one variety of grass in three out of four gardens whereas in the central court yard garden we have potted plants on wood. The garden serves our aesthetic needs and is deeply relaxing.\" Their kids too enjoy nature's bounty at their residence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11610057", "title": "Miffed over suspension bid, ABVP locks UTD", "text": "INDORE: In a bid to force the DAVV authorities against releasing student two union leaders' suspension order, ABVP activists on Monday locked the UTD campus door, hitting academic activities for some four hours.The ABVP activists were miffed over the Devi Ahilya Vishwavidhyalaya (DAVV) move to suspend UTD student union president Rohin Rai and secretary Vijay Mulchandani. The two had reportedly barged into a meeting, where HoDs were giving presentation before the EC members, to submit a memo much to the annoyance of authorities. The student union leaders were against bifurcation of International Institute of Professional Studies (IIPS).The ABVP activists staged protest to oppose action. Later, the VC reached the spot to pacify the agitating students and reportedly condoned the two. However, students retaliated saying the varsity should express apology. Earlier, the activists pressured varsity officials asking them to desist from any move suspend the two. They warned the varsity should ready to face dire consequences in case of failure to do so, sources said. The activists removed the lock only after the VC left in a huff saying \"treat it as you want\", sources said.Manasvi Patidar of ABVP said, \"The VC behaved erratically and made up his mind to suspend union members. The VC revoked the decision after higher education minister pulled him up. The ABVP staged protest only after the EC approved the suspension proposal on Monday. As VC agreed for not releasing suspension orders, we withdrew protest.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "11611134", "title": "Jailed NSCN(IM) leader threatens hunger strike", "text": "DIMAPUR: Jailed NSCN(IM) leader Anthony Shimray has threatened to begin a hunger strike at Tihar Jail, seeking his \"unconditional release as he is also a member of peace talks.\"In a letter dated January 18, the NSCN (IM) leader said the hunger strike is also for removal of every hindrance blocking peace. \"Since the Indo-Naga peace talks is not under law/court of India, any member of NSCN involved in peace talks must not stand trial,\" he argued and asked the NIA to withdraw cases framed against him.He stated that old-cases 1982 onwards must be cancelled in accordance with the agreement on peace-talks as framing charges against him for waging war against India cannot exist at the time of peace process and ceasefire.Shimray was on his way to India to attend the next round of peace talks scheduled for September 29, 2010 when he went missing after landing in Kathmandu on September 27. He was later reportedly arrested by the National Investigation Agency (NIA). Recently, his bail petition was rejected.Shimray alleged that instead of correcting the mistakes and strengthening the fragile peace process, the National Investigation Agency (NIA) dismissed his bail by opening old cases of 1982. \"My detention under terrorist acts is a direct attack on the NSCN and an attempt to chain the Naga freedom movement under the law of India,\" he said.He added that the NIA wants to convict and award him \"life sentence\" for conspiring and waging war against India. \"In such a situation, I have no option other than going for a hunger strike. The cruel situation has compelled me take this extreme step,\" he said.Last week, the NSCN(IM) said the ongoing peace process has been severely affected by the recent developments imposing conditions on the visit of the collective leadership of the NSCN(IM) to Nagaland by the Centre. \"The directive has already affected the peace process. How can we move ahead without the support of the Naga people?\" the convener of the steering committee of the NSCN(IM), Gen (Rtd) V S Atem said.Addressing mediapersons at the Cease Fire Monitoring Group's (CFMG) office last week, Gen Atem slammed the Centre's directive imposing conditions on the collective leadership's visit to Zunheboto and termed it an \"unjustified imposition\".\"If the recent letter sent from the CFMG office has been written to us with the full sanction of the MHA, then the Centre has violated the spirit of ceasefire,\" he said.He said the letter makes it clear that the Centre wants to keep the Naga people away from the NSCN(IM), which has been in a political dialogue for more than 14 years.He said since the Centre was eager for an early solution, the outfit decided to call the collective leadership back to the state so the negotiations could be taken up on a 24x7 basis. \"Since the talks have reached a crucial stage, we planned to interact with the people and apprise them of the progress of the talks and convince them about the outcome so they should give their full support to the solution,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11609276", "title": "Parsvanath project row: No relief in sight for allottees", "text": "LUCKNOW: Worries of allottees of Parsvanath Planet, a major private housing project in Gomtinagar, may be far from over.Even as some allottees have got an FIR lodged against the builder for not adhering to the deadline to hand over the possession of flats, sources said that the builder may still take more than a year before he actually hands over the units to the allottees.Over 530 apartments were to be handed over to different allottees by December 2009. However, the builder kept it dragging, citing recession as the main reason behind the delay.As per the agreement, the allottees were to be handed over the possession of units at the most by June 2010.\"But the builder issued a letter saying that the flats will be handed over by March 2011. Once again, a letter was issued in May 2010 saying that the units will be handed over in December 2011. Even that did not happen and still the construction is far from over,'' said Veera Srivastava, an advocate, who has registered an FIR against the chairman of Parsvanath Builders, Pradeep Jain.She said that almost every one had deposited 95% of the total amount due to the builder. \"But the construction does not match that. We want to know as where our money has gone,'' Srivastava said.The builder had, however, promised that the allottees will be compensated at the rate of Rs 5 per sq feet per month after the grace period of six months. That is after June 2010.\"But that is barely 2% of the total return which we would get or adjusted while we pay the rest of whatever little amount is due,'' said Gufran Alvi, another allottee. The allottees have been staging demonstrations against the builder for the past many days.\"We had to take the legal course after we saw the builder not budging from its stand. We felt cheated,'' said Alvi.When contacted, Parsvanath Builders general manager (marketing and operations) M M Johri said that the delay is not deliberate.\"The real estate sector has been facing a bad time since 2007. The cascading effect is still troubling the industry even after three years. We were given special packages by the government. We have shown all that to the allottees,'' he said. Johri did not rule the possibility of further delay because of technicality of the problem.\"The company is ready to pay the compensation as per the agreement,'' he said.However, allottees do not buy the argument. \"What is the use of such compensation? They may keep extending the due deadline for another 10 years... that does not make much sense. We are attached to the houses we bought after spending the savings of our entire life,'' said Alvi.Interestingly, the state government had enacted an apartment act in 2009, making it mandatory for all builders to hand over the possession of housing units on time. But in this case, industry sources said, the builder may go scot free as the project came up before the enactment.FIR Against The Builder For Not Adhering To The DeadlineOver 530 apartments were to be handed over to different allottees by December 2009. However, the builder kept it dragging, citing recession as the main reason behind the delay", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11611367", "title": "Of racing cars &amp; awestruck men", "text": "LUDHIANA: Here's one that will make all Ludhianvis puff with pride: The city is home to Punjab's first Radio Control (RC) Racing Club that boast of some of the best racing cars in the world.On Monday afternoon, when owners of Radio Control street trucks and racing coupes met members of a tech-savvy club, 'Gadgets &amp; more' in South City, they were left awestruck by the display of gadgets. Even passers-by were pretty amazed to see helicopters and planes that flew 200 metres up in the sky.There was a small car that ran at a speed of more than 100km per hour. \"It was an amazing experience with the RC Club. We got to experience amazing machines and the day was unforgettable ,\" said Nishant Jairath, creator of 'Gadgets and More' and resident of Sarabha Nagar.Gurdev Nagar-resident Harjinder Singh said, \"As a gadget freak and member of 'Gadgets and More,' I expanded my knowledge and interest. I plan to own radio controlled car and race it on Ludhiana streets.\"Harkirat Singh Ryait, owner of RC racing club and resident of BRS Nagar, said he has a passion for fast moving cars. \"I have the world's largest radio controlled car named 'Baja 5 T',\" he said.The adventure of flying a radio controlled helicopter or racing a radio controlled car is unmatchable,\" said Ankit Dadu, a resident of Shamsher Avenue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11609817", "title": "Governor HR Bhardwaj plays pending game", "text": "BANGALORE: Governor H R Bhardwaj has made clear his reservations about Justice S R Bannurmath. But, why is he not officially rejecting the government's recommendation of Justice Bannurmath for the post of Lokayukta?Legal experts say the governor cannot do so. According to the Karnataka Lokayukta Act, 1984, the governor is only the appointing authority and he has to do so on the advice of the chief minister.The Act clearly states: \"The governor shall appoint the Lokayukta on the advice tendered by the chief minister in consultation with the chief justice of the high court of Karnataka, legislative council chairman, legislative assembly speaker, leader of the Opposition in the council and leader of the Opposition in the assembly.''Advocate general B V Acharya told TOI: \"The governor is strictly bound by the advice of the CM. He has no independent say on this issue.''Meanwhile, the Gujarat model (where the governor appointed a Lokayukta when the government delayed it) can't be replicated here. Karnataka governor H R Bhardwaj has admitted the Gujarat experience cannot be applied here.The governor can seek a clarification from the government on any issue sent to him for approval. Even this process has been completed. With the government being adamant on its choice, the governor is left with little option and hence is using the optionof keeping the file pending. What if he keeps it indefinitely? \"There is no law which deals with this issue. As the governor enjoys immunity, his decisions cannot be challenged in court,\" Acharya said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11611412", "title": "IIT alumnus shows natural way to process waste water", "text": "CHENNAI: It is a simple technology that ranks high on sustainability. Soil Bio Technology, a recycling technology featured at the Municipalika 2012 exhibition uses fundamental natural processes such as photosynthesis, soil respiration and mineral weathering to purify waste water.Avinash Kadam, who holds a PhD in waste water treatment from IIT-Bombay, came up with the technology which has been patented by the institute and is marketed by his company Sugam Paryavaram Vikalp.His system consists of a waste water tank, bioreactor containment and a treated water tank along with the associated piping and pumping mechanisms. \"The system is sustainable as it uses locally available geological materials to purify water. This means the construction of a recycling plant will differ from state to state,\" says Kadam. \"In Tamil Nadu, we would probably use laterite blocks to build the plant as laterite soil is naturally a good filter ,\" he says. The water is not potable but can be used for gardening, construction and washing.The system pumps the waste water over the bioreactor which consists of layers of geological media and microbial culture. When it trickles through the layers, it gets purified and treated water gets collected in the clean water tank. Typically, a garden can be grown over the bioreactor. Kadam says he has installed the Soil Bio Technology plant in more than 60 projects all over the country, including in university campuses, government buildings and airports. \"This technology is being used in Bangalore to clean sewage water before it is discharged into lakes. We are setting up plants at seven lakes,\" he says.Initial costs are high and a plant with a capacity of purifying 10 lakh litres a day will cost `1.2 crore to `1.5 crore. However, maintenance and operating costs are low. \"It costs approximately `4 to purify 1,000 litres,\" said Kadam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "11609974", "title": "City BJP leader accused of land grabbing", "text": "SURAT: Police have booked city BJP vice-president and his aides for allegedly conspiring to grab a piece of land in Dumas area. Police believe that the accused produced fake documents to grab the land.In the complaint, Harsukh Akbari, city BJP vice-president, Dashram Patel, Prabhat Desai, R M Chaudhary, Subhash Patel, Ganesh Dhameliya and a person who posed as Pirbhai Desai, the actual owner of the land, have been booked. Pirbhai Desai, a resident of Deesa in Banaskantha, owned a 23,336 sq mt plot in Dumas, which is valued at Rs 23 crore presently.While Desai's discussion for sale of this land was on, he came to know that the some other person has illegally taken possession of the plot and the ownership transferred in government records. He then approached police and sent an application to the city police commissioner.Based upon the application, a compliant has been registered in Umra police station.In his complaint, Desai alleged that Akbari and his aides impersonated him in government office to transfer ownership of the land. They created false identity proofs and other documents of the impersonator. The BJP leader and other accused are absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "allahabad (sangam)", "code": "11609062", "title": "Over a crore take holy dip", "text": "ALLAHABAD (SANGAM): Over one crore devotees took a holy dip in the Sangam and the banks of the Ganga on the occasion of Mauni Amavasya on Monday.The pilgrims continued to flock the confluence of Ganga, Yamuna and mythical Saraswati till late evening hours to earn 'punya'. The mela authorities said that more than 95 lakh devotees took the holy bath by 2 pm.Astrologers point out that 'maun' or silence denotes a state of oneness with the Supreme Being and it is regarded as one of the highest forms of spiritual discipline. The Amavasya (new moon) falling during Magh month (January) is observed as Mauni Amavasya. Bathing is considered highly auspicious on the occasion.Around 1.2 lakh kalpavasis, saints and lakhs of devotees observed complete silence on the day. They believe that performing holy dip on the day is highly rewarding. Their aim of taking bath on the day during sunrise is to attain 'moksha' (salvation) and escape from the cycle of birth and death to merge with the Almighty.DIG Prakash D said that bating remained peaceful and no untoward incident was reported. Devotees from far off areas started reaching the Sangam since midnight on Sunday midnight. These pilgrims reaching here from all over the country stayed in rest rooms, satsang pandals, hotels , inns and even in open places.The banks of Sangam reverberated with the echoes of 'Jai Ganga Maiyya' and 'Har Har Gange'. Devotees of all age groups were seen approaching towards the banks to take a holy dip.Round-the-clock security was provided to the pilgrims. Teams of QRT, STF, ATS, para-military forces and the mela police maintained strict vigil. There was heavy barricading. The mela authorities, the police and volunteers controlled the flow of devotees. A huge crowd of devotees was seen on Jhunsi and Arail side of the river. Lakhs of pilgrims took the dip on ghats constructed for the purpose.The police have also taken the services of civil defence volunteers and swimmers to keep a watch on devotees and warn them not to approach into deep water zones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11610260", "title": "Ghana man held with cocaine worth Rs 2cr", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a mega cocaine haul by the crime branch, a 32-year-old man from Ghana was arrested from Indira Gandhi International airport on Sunday for allegedly carrying with him 200 grams of cocaine worth around Rs two crore in the international market. The recovery is significant as the cops had recovered 232 gm of cocaine in 2011. The police said the gang was operating out of Mumbai and serviced a niche clientele who frequented farmhouses and discotheques in south Delhi. Sources said the total market value of the drugs recovered was Rs 2 crore as it was being sold at Rs 32,000 per half gm in the capital, and for Rs 40,000 when illegally exported.The accused Paul Dika Acquah was apprehended last Friday from the airport parking soon after he arrived in the city from Mumbai in an Air India flight, Sanjay Bhatia, Additional Deputy Commissioner of Police (Crime), said. \"The cocaine was concealed in two polythene packets and was kept in the sole of his shoe,\" Bhatia said.Acquah had come to India in October 2010 on a business visa and started exporting ladies and children's clothes from Mumbai. \"After some time, he travelled back to his country and returned to India again in November, 2010 as he had started a garments and shoes business. He visited Tiripur in Tamil Nadu and Mumbai for business purposes. In Mumbai, he came in contact with another Ghana national Timoti who is absconding.\"Timoti introduced Acquah to the drug trafficking trade. He started carrying drugs for Timoti to various places. Later he went back to the Ghana and returned again to India in last month via Johannesburg as he was denied an Indian visa from Ghana,\" Bhatia said. Acquah had managed to get a visa from South Africa.This is the fourth case the crime branch has recovered cocaine this year. On January 8, a 36-year-old South African national was arrested in south Delhi allegedly with 40 grams of cocaine worth around Rs 40 lakh while on January 3, a 28-year-old Nigerian national was arrested from V3S Mall on east Delhi's Vikas Marg.The crime branch had arrested 98 drug traffickers last year, eight of whom were women. 16 foreign nationals too were arrested. Last year, while 232 gm of cocaine was recovered, heroin worth 43.65 kg, charas of 76.9 kg, ganja worth 1871.4 kg, opium worth 110 kg and poppy straw worth 74.5 kg was recovered.On New Year eve, another Nigerian national was apprehended with 175 grams of cocaine worth Rs 1.75 crore in the international market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11609513", "title": "Now, BJP moves against Sasikalaa", "text": "COIMBATORE: A group of BJP leaders including its district president CR Nandakumar on Monday met Coimbatore collector TN Hariharan seeking action against Sasikalaa Natarajan and her relatives including Ravanan, Sudhagar, Govindaraj, Kannan and Sivakumar for allegedly attempting to grab 1.2 acres purchased last year by party district vice-president KR Radhakrishnan through bank auction.Alleging that Sasikalaa and her relatives of encroaching into the land on many occasions in the past six months, party leaders also accused a section of police officials in the city of hobnobbing with the encroachers. Petitions have also been sent to Jayalalithaa and the director general of police, BJP leaders claimed before the media.According to party leaders, Radhakrishnan purchased the land located at PN Pudur near Vadavalli in October last at an auction conducted by the State Bank of India after paying Rs 2.2 crore. He was prevented by a sub inspector (SI) from entering the land on October 30. The SI claimed that the bank had no power to sell off the land. The SI was accompanied by another person who was running an industrial unit on the land.When the BJP leader attempted to enter into the land ignoring the words of the police officer, he was physically prevented and the officer threatened him of arrest. Party leaders claim they came to know about the alleged interest of Sasikalaa and Ravanan in the land only when Radhakrishnan approached a deputy police commissioner in the city who in turn told Radhakrishnan to avoid any conflict with Sasikalaa. The leaders claimed that they have evidences and demanded early arrest of Sasikala, Ravanan and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11610467", "title": "Star Trek-like scanner to spot illness?", "text": "LONDON: Coming soon: A Star Trek-style medical scanner, say scientists, and, as a major step towards achieving its goal, an international team has already developed a new way of creating a type of radiation known as Terahertz (THz) or T-rays , the 'Nature Photonics' journal reported.These rays if used in security detectors could help in the development of futuristic hand-held medical scanners, say the scientists.In their research, the scientists from the Agency for Science, Technology and Research in Singapore and Imperial College London in the UK, have made T-rays into a stronger and directional beam than was previously thought possible and have efficiently produced T-rays at room-temperature conditions.This breakthrough would allow future T-ray systems to be smaller, more portable, easier to operate, and much cheaper, say the scientists,According to them, the T-ray scanner and detector could provide part of the functionality of a Star Trek-like medical \"tricorder\", a portable sensing, computing and communications device, since the waves are capable of detecting biological phenomena such as raised blood flow around tumorous growths.Future scanners could also perform fast wireless data communication to transfer a high volume of information on the measurements it makes, say the scientists.T-rays are waves in far infrared part of the electromagnetic spectrum that have a wavelength hundreds of times longer than light. They are in use in airport security scanners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11611077", "title": "Kadri Park to get facelift soon: Minister", "text": "MANGALORE: Kadri Park in the city will get the much needed facelift at an estimated cost of Rs 5 crore, according to minister for horticulture S A Ravindranath .\"A proposal to this effect is pending with the finance department for approval,\" Ravindranath said in Mangalore on Monday, adding that every effort would be made to release this year's installment out of proposed expenditure within the end of the current financial year and develop Kadri Park on lines of Lalbagh in Bangalore.Ravindranath, who visited the park told reporters that taking note of distinct change in land use patterns across districts with several agricultural districts taking up horticultural crops in Karnataka, his department had sought budgetary support to develop horticulture in the state, \"I have requested the government to provide an outlay of Rs 2,000 crores for the overall makeover of the department,\" he said adding the outlay in 2011-12 budget was Rs 756 crore.\"Dakshina Kannada is among the main agricultural districts to have embraced horticulture in the last decade, along with Bijapur, Bidar, Chitradurga and Raichur. Other districts are also on the verge of following suit. The department should be equipped to modernize its operations which will result in scientific cultivation and increased yield and returns to growers. It is up to CM to consider our request for enhanced budgetary support,\" he added.Earlier, a delegation from Campco met Ravindranath and urged him to devise ways and means to control the yellow disease afflicting arecanut plantations in Sullia taluk in DK and Shringeri, Koppa and N R Pura taluks in Chikmagalur. Campco president Konkodi Padmanabha also sought 50% subsidy for the arecanut peeling machine developed by the multi-state cooperative society and a grrant of Rs 50 lakh for the Adike Yantra Mela 2012 scheduled for November.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11609672", "title": "Thousands turn up for Shiva puja by Sri Sri", "text": "PATNA: Early Monday morning the city witnessed a grand 'Rudra Abhishek' puja as Art of Living (AoL) founder Sri Sri Ravi Shankar joined his team of priests to offer obeisance to Lord Shiva at the veterinary college ground.'Rudra Abhishek', which is believed to bestow prosperity, fulfilment and happiness in life, is religiously performed by the spiritual guru every Monday morning. \"Guruji performs the puja wherever he is on Monday,\" said swami Rakesh of AoL.Over 500 devotees had registered themselves for the puja, which was performed amid mesmerizing chants of hymns. Sri Sri administered 'sankalp' to them as they sought fulfilment of their wishes. After the puja, the spiritual guru gave blessings to each of these devotees. \"The spirituality that permeated the air at the venue was so intense that it felt as if Lord Shiva had also arrived,\" Sri Sri was heard telling the devotees.In spite of unbearable chill in the air with temperature hovering around 6 to 7 degree Celsius, thousands of devotees, besides the 500 registered ones, turned up at the venue even before the scheduled time at 6.30am. They sang bhajans which stopped during the puja and resumed after it with Sri Sri also joining them. The crowd chorused and clapped as the spiritual guru sang, \"Shankara Abhayankara, Gangadhara Shiva Manohara\" and other bhajan songs.Parimal Nandan, an IITian who also participated in the puja and took 'sankalp', said, \"I am feeling positive now. All sorrows, pains and fears seem to have gone away. It has given me fresh energy to live my life. I am a relieved man now.\" Nandan is associated with AoL.Later at the state guesthouse where Sri Sri was staying during his Patna visit, a large number of VIPs made a virtual beeline to seek his blessings. The spiritual guru rounded off his four-day visit to Bihar around 12 noon when he along with his entourage left Patna for Delhi by an Air India service flight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11608913", "title": "Ex-babu: Letter was not CRZ clearance", "text": "MUMBAI: Former deputy secretary and accused in the Adarsh case, P V Deshmukh, on Monday said his 2003 letter was not a CRZ clearance for the society. During his cross-examination by advocate Saket Mone, counsel for Adarsh members, Deshmukh denied that he had filed a second affidavit to protect himself from CBI prosecution.Deshmukh has a flat in Adarsh and is in the dock for misinterpreting a letter by the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) as the CRZ clearance for Adarsh. However, deposing before the commission, Deshmukh said the letter was for CRZ classification of the land, adding that Adarsh did not have an NOC from the MoEF to start construction.Deshmukh had dealt a blow to the society by saying he did not know whether the Adarsh building was legal. Questioned by Mone, Deshmukh said: \"I did not check when I made payments to the society whether the construction being carried out by it was legal or otherwise.''Deshmukh admitted that he had not recused himself from dealing with the Adarsh file when he himself had applied for membership to the society. \"The reason was that the Adarsh file was with me only for CRZ clearance,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11611388", "title": "Cheated and stranded in a war-torn land", "text": "CHENNAI: Subhash Dev returned home to Rajasthan after he lost his job in Dubai in 2008. A year later, he ran out of money. Subash borrowed Rs 1.5 lakh to pay an agent to find a job in Afghanistan, one of the poorest and most dangerous countries.He was promised a job in a military base for a monthly salary of Rs 30,000, but found himself locked up in a house in Kabul for a month with 67 other Indians most of whom were also laid off from jobs in the Gulf. After two months they were sent home by the Indian embassy officials. Indian diplomats say Gurdwara Karte Parwan, Kabul's most famous Sikh shrine, has come to the rescue of Indian workers abondoned by uns c r u p u l o u s agents. The workers have to pay a fine of $5 a day for overstaying their visa and are left with no money. The gurdwara shelters them till the Indian embassy makes arrangements for them to return home.The embassy in Kabul has in the past three years sent back over 300 Indians who had been living at the shrine, said an Indian diplomat. The Indian authorities have asked the Afghanistan government to exercise caution in granting visas for potential Indian workers in Afghanistan by checking on their employment status, in particular for those coming to Afghanistan from the Gulf countries.The grim situation in the Gulf, which is still reeling from the effects of the global recession, is the main reason for Indian workers now going to countries such as Iraq and Afghanistan, experts say. Bernard Sami of Arunodaya Migrant Initiative said many Indians work as cooks, sweepers, laundrymen and barbers for US military personnel. \"When they are hired, they are promised a good salary. But they come face-to-face with reality once they land in the barb-wired compounds of US camps and are forced to survive in subhuman conditions,\" he said.They are poor men who are enticed by contractors working for the US army and their sub-contractors in Chennai, Hyderabad and Kochi by promises of an opportunity to work in Dubai for a monthly salary of more than $1,500 but once they land in Afghanistan, they are forced to work for $350 per month or even less and have to toil for over 14 hours a day.The workers are moved from Dubai to Afghanistan on US military planes or chartered aircraft without any immigration procedure in gross violation of international travel laws.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11614956", "title": "Annu Kapoor to play a role of a corrupt cop", "text": "He never wanted to be an actor, but he is. He never wanted to sing, but he did.However, whatever actor Annu Kapoor took under his wings, he made sure he gave his 100 per cent to it. The actor will soon be seen in Rumi Jaffery's movie Gali Gali Chor Hai where he plays the role of a corrupt cop.From 7 Khoon Maaf's Inspector Keemant Lal to Gali Gali Chor Hai's corrupt cop, the actor in Annu still remains simple and straight forward. Ask him what he would like to ask himself at this stage of life, and pat comes the reply, \"Why have I been such an idiot?\" A loud laugh and an explanation follows, \"I have asked this question to myself because understanding and time is a part of very few lucky lives. When one has time then the understanding is not there and when you have the understanding then you don't have the time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11611378", "title": "Seminar on garment making", "text": "LUDHIANA: Guru Nanak Institute of Design and Technology ( GNIDT), Model Town, organized a seminar on advance garment making techniques on Monday.During the seminar, topics ranging from garment construction techniques under which draping of yokes, bodice, skirts was covered. Draping and creating paper patterns of different costumes, dart manipulation, were also covered.Meenakshi Behal, a senior fashion lecturer from Ivanna IFT, conducted the seminar. Her techniques and valuable inputs were of great knowledge to the students.She explained in detail the draping of garments, telling students the art of controlling darts and maintaining the fit. She also explained techniques of creating a pattern with a draft created on muslin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11610486", "title": "MIL to deploy animal trappers at airport again", "text": "NAGPUR: On Saturday evening, Indigo's Kolkata-Nagpur-Raipur flight crushed a rabbit on the runway of Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar International Airport indicating animal menace is far from over.Though airport officials claimed no such mishap occurred, sources confirmed that inspection staff recovered the carcass after the flight took off for Raipur.This incident occurred just after civil aviation secretary Nasim Zaidi directed city airport operator Mihan India Ltd (MIL) to ensure that all issues related to airport safety, including runway resurfacing and intrusion of stray animals in operational area, were taken care of.MIL, which had scrapped the contract of an animal trapper, has now decided to appoint other trappers who will also guard the runway and operational area round the clock. They will also trap and relocate the animals in nearby forest areas, said Abadesh Prasad, chief operating officer of MIL. MIL has called for offers in this regard on Monday.Since traffic at the airport has increased manifold, Prasad said that MIL is also initiating other steps to avert any untoward incident. To check movement of animals on the runway, shrubs and bushes were being removed regularly from operational areas, he said.Last year animals had turned airport a chaotic place. On May 15, a deer was hit by a JetLite flight. Two pigs were crushed under the wheels of an Air India flight on June 22. A four-horned antelope was hit by an Air India aircraft on June 27. As many as 17 major mishaps were averted in the last five years.TOI has already highlighted the issue and reported several times that animals like deer, monkeys, dogs and pigs frequent the airport operational area. On the same lines, stray dogs were seen welcoming passengers on the tarmac while boarding aircraft; monkeys and pigs run across the runway.These animals endanger flight safety, since they can cause major mishaps if an aircraft hits them while landing or take off.Even chief minister Prithviraj Chavan had ordered an enquiry into the recurring mishaps and the incidents where stray animals have ventured on to the runway jeopardizing lives and causing a nuisance to aviation staff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11611220", "title": "14mn to migrate from northeast by 2021 in search of jobs as demand fails to meet supply: Study", "text": "GUWAHATI: A staggering 14 million people are expected to move out of the northeast between 2011 and 2021 in search of jobs elsewhere in the country, according to the National Skill Development Council (NSDC), a public-private-partnership initiative of the Centre to transform 150 million of the country's population into skilled manpower by 2022.According to an NSDC study on development and employment generation potential of northeastern states, between 2011 and 2021, the region will have only 2.6 million more jobs. And half of this demand will be in Assam alone, which is about 1,234,357 jobs. As opposed to the low demand, there will be a supply of 17 million people in 2011-2022, an excess of 14 million job seekers.NSDC managing director and chief executive officer Dilip Chenoy, who was here for the two-day conclave on skill development in the northeast on Monday, said these 14 million people will potentially be available for migration outside of the region.The event, entitled 'Skills Conclave 2012, Forging Partnership for Skills Delivery', was organized by the Confederation of Indian Industry, the Union ministry of Development of North Eastern Region (DoNER) and the NSDC. \"If we focus on increasing economic opportunity in the northeast, the potential migration of 14 million people will decline,\" Chenoy observed.He said the top potential sectors where people from the northeast will be looking for jobs are beauty and wellness, hospitality, IT, retail and restaurants, music, sports , fashion industry, flight attendants, airport ground staff, nursing and elderly care.\"The region will generate 2.6 million jobs, but the manpower supply will be 16.8 million persons. So there is a need for a twin approach for skill development for both local employment and for those who seek to migrate,\" Chenoy observed.\"About 3,75,311 persons from the northeast migrated to other states in 2007-2008. Most of the migrants were from Assam, followed by Sikkim and Tripura. The number of migrants has increased since 2000,\" Chenoy added.The NSDC has identified construction, horticulture and fruit processing, hospitality, handloom and handicraft, IT, repair services, mining and plantation as potential sectors for providing local job opportunities in the region.Union DoNER minister Paban Singh Ghatowar said there is a need for a skill-gap analysis for the region. \"Based on the skill-gap analysis, we should go for skill development training in the region,\" Ghatowar added.Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi said creating an adequate pool of manpower in the region is both a challenge and an opportunity. \"The northeast has a lot of scope for skill development and creation of a pool of skilled manpower. We have to take it up both as a challenge and as an opportunity,\" Gogoi said.Assam labour minister Prithibi Majhi said ITIs in the state have been upgraded through public-private-partnership for imparting skill development training to the youth. \"Skill development is a critical area in which we are very interested. The northeast offers promising human resources. We are going to take up the skill development agenda through public-private-partnership in the region,\" the CII chairman of council on skill development, S Mahalingam, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11610931", "title": "Auto union to press for another fare hike", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai Rickshawmen's Union is close to gathering 10,000 signatures of drivers, which they will present to CM Prithviraj Chavan to demand a further hike in auto fares.The state had last year given a fare hike of 50 paise. Union leader Thampy Kurian said the demand was \"reasonable\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11609993", "title": "NMCH to book security agency", "text": "PATNA: Nalanda Medical College &amp; Hospital (NMCH) will recover cost of machines and other articles, which have been recently stolen from the hospital, from a private security agency.The hospital will lodge an FIR against the agency, Alert Security Agency (ASA). The security of the hospital has been outsourced to the ASA.Divisional commissioner K P Ramaiah, who is also the chairman of the Patients' Welfare Committee of NMCH, issued such directions while holding a review meeting in the hospital on Monday.In the past few months, several cases of theft have been reported at the hospital, said NMCH superintendent Dr Shiv Kumari Prasad.According to press release, the ASA was getting Rs 4 lakh per month for maintaining security at the hospital, according to a contract. The press note also pointed out that theft cases were occurring in the hospital due to carelessness of the agency concerned. Ramaiah also directed authorities concerned to keep the hospital clean.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11610278", "title": "Pollution panel warns Patel Chest", "text": "NEW DELHI: Patel Chest Institute of Delhi University has been warned by Delhi Pollution Control Committee against improper disposal of bio-medical waste, failing which it may be penalized up to Rs 1 lakh besides a maximum prison term of 5 years for its authorities.The institute was found dumping bio-medical waste in an open MCD dhalao, a report on which was published in TOI on December 4, 2012.DPCC had served notice on the institute in reply to which the management had claimed to have taken corrective measures including disposal of bio-medical waste through proper means. It also claimed to have sacked some persons from the institute. On the issue of a noise monitoring report for DG sets and adequacy report for effluent treatment plant, which DPCC had been asking for since 2010, the institute said that the \"matter (is) in progress and necessary action is being taken\".DPCC carried out an inspection on January 10, 2012 and found that that management of BMW disposal was satisfactory and that the institute had taken corrective measures. A senior DPCC official said: \"The institute has been let off with a warning since they have taken steps to resolve the problem. However, if they are caught disposing bio-medical waste once more, action will be initiated against them. They have been told to ensure that BMW is managed as per bio-medical waste (management and handling) rules 1998 and strictly comply with the provisions. The institute has to ensure there is no illegal dumping of bio-medical waste in neighbouring areas and MCD dhalaos. They have to submit an affidavit regarding this within 15 days,\" he said.\"They also have to submit the adequacy report for ETP and fresh noise monitoring report for DG sets within one month,\" the official added. A copy of the directions has been sent to the DU vice-chancellor for better monitoring of the situation. Acting director of the institute, SN Gaur, had said the men involved in dumping of the waste were not regular employees.\"People who want to see me leave might have orchestrated this,\" he alleged. The other possibility that he offered was that the junior staff had become lax in its work since senior doctors were away for a couple of days to attend a conference.The institute has a contract with Synergy Waste Management, one of the three Delhi government authorized bio-medical waste companies operating in the city, since September 2004.People living near the institute and the rag picker at the MCD dhalao had claimed that dumping of BMW in the open dhalao was a routine affair and had even been regularly documented since October 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11610685", "title": "Naqi helped Bhatkal recce targets", "text": "MUMBAI: All the men accused for the 13/7 blasts have been charged with murder, attempt to murder, and crimes under the Explosives Act and Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act. The three main accused, Indian Mujahideen founding member Yasin Bhatkal and two unnanmed bomb planters, remain on the run. Due to an alleged turf battle between the Delhi police and Mumbai Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS), which the ATS has denied, the three reportedly escaped.\"Accused Naqi Ahmed had come to Mumbai in September-October of 2010 and was in the Mandanpura area,\" said ATS chief Rakesh Maria. \"He later assisted Bhatkal in doing recces of the targeted sites. Naqi and Nadeem Akhtar are the ones who stole the two scooters in which bombs were planted to go off at Opera House and Zaveri Bazaar. They also stole two motorbikes for future plans. We have recovered those two motorbikes. Moreover, the helmet of the Activa scooter's owner and duplicate keys were recovered from the duo,\" said Maria.He added that while one scooter used in the 13/7 blasts was stolen from Khetwadi near CP tank, another was stolen from outside the Hurkisondas Hospital near Charni Road. Police said Bhatkal visited Mumbai in June and July, but later never returned to the Byculla residence of his accomplices .\"Naqi had given SIM cards, obtained on forged documents, to Bhatkal. In turn, Bhatkal had given Rs 1.5 lakh to Naqi to aid and assist the crime,\" the ATS chief said. Sources in the ATS said the detonators were purchased from Delhi and the bomb was assembled at Byculla. \"The bomb material was brought to Mumbai a few days prior to the blasts,\" said a source. Maria said Nadeem was called to Delhi by Bhatkal, where he was given a packet covered in cloth and asked to hand it over to Naqi in Mumbai. The cloth packet allegedly contained the explosives, timers and detonators. Naqi gave this packet to the wanted accused .\"It was Naqi who helped Bhatkal get accommodation in Mumbai. They saw many places. Bhatkal rejected some flats and then agreed on Habib Apartments in Byculla. The deposit and rent were paid to the landlady by Naqi,\" said Maria. According to Maria, Bhatkal first met Naqi in Darbhanga. \"There, Bhatkal indoctrinated young boys. Naqi and Bhatkal have been associated since 2008,\" said Maria. \"Naqi first got himself enrolled in a gym near the blast sites and later enrolled a wanted accused in the gym. They chose the gym time of 7pm to 8pm to gauge the crowd on the streets,\" Maria said.Maria said a lead was obtained in this case in the last week of November 2011 and on December 2 an ATS team left for Darbhanga. He also hinted at the involvement of the underworld in Bihar.Places of interestHabib apartmentsThe two unnamed bomb planters allegedly stayed at Habib Apartments, near Byculla railway station and down the road from Byculla police station. They reportedly showed the landlady Rubina Qureishi fake PAN cards to seal the deal. Yasin Bhatkal is said to have visited them at the flat. They disappeared in mid-December and never returned for their deposit because the police were closing in on themIslamia buildingNaqi, Razi and Rafi have a leather shoe-making unit on the ground floor of Islamia Building in Badlupura, Byculla. The unit's workers had been detained along with the owners on January 8, but they were subsequently released. The police had been camping there till Naqi's arrest. The unit is being operated by Naqi's brothers and workersHurkisondas hospitalThe police say that one of the scooters in which a bomb was planted was stolen from near Hurkisondas Hospital, near Charni RoadKhetwadiOne of the scooters in which a bomb was planted was stolen from outside a residence at Khetwadi, near CP Tank. The scooter was in the possession of a businessman's employee when it was stolen a few hours before the blasts. He registered a case after the blastsThe probe in numbers4 police teams hunted through the CCTV images from 187 cameras for 29 daysThe investigation was spread across 18 states150 officers from the Mumbai police, plus others in Delhi, Kolkata and Bihar were involved12,373 people were questioned and their statements taken10 lakh was used to fund the Pune German Bakery, DelhiHC and 13/7 blasts13/7 arrestedNaqi AhmedNaqi Ahmed Vasi Shaikh, aged 22, is a resident of Deora Bandhauli, in Darbhanga district, Bihar. The businessman has two leather units, one in Delhi and the other in Badlupura, Byculla, Mumbai. He and his brothers Razi and Rafi run a shoe-making business inherited from their father. Naqi, Razi and Rafi were detained on January 8, 2012 in Mumbai and Naqi was booked in a SIM card forgery case. Razi and Rafi were later released. Police allege that Yasin Bhatkal sent explosives for the 13/7 blasts from Delhi to Mumbai, where Naqi received them, and that Naqi stole one of the scooters in which a bomb was plantedNadeem Akhtar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11608922", "title": "New DCR push land rates down", "text": "MUMBAI: The new development control rules (DCR) which restrict unabated building concessions and the amended public parking policy, which substantially curbed benefits for builders, have slowly started affecting land valuations in Mumbai. Experts said the city's land prices, the highest in the country, are bound to fall in the months to come, but warned that flat prices would not decline.In the past few years, developers bought land at astronomical prices as these concession policies could be manipulated to offer unusually high construction rights to builders who could bribe their way through. Since 2005, some of the country's most expensive land transactions were concluded in the city because of the bonanzas they offered.Property market sources said the sale of the 17-acre Mumbai Textile mill land at Lower Parel has been delayed after these two policies were amended by civic chief Subodh Kumar and approved by the state government.DLF, the country's largest real estate company, which paid Rs 702 crore for the defunct mill in 2005, is quoting Rs 3,000 crore for the land parcel. But there are not many takers.Not many prospective buyers are willing to offer more than Rs 2,000 crore as earlier construction benefits no longer exist.\"The owners are expecting Rs 3,000 crore but no offer has come close to that figure yet. With the new DCR, the property's valuation has taken a hit,'' said a prominent developer interested in the central Mumbai property.DLF's high valuation is mainly because the state government had earlier cleared its proposal under the public parking policy. The developer was to receive additional floor space index (FSI) for building a multi-storeyed public car park and hand it over to the civic administration free of cost.But after the BMC reviewed the policy, the FSI benefit was severely restricted. \"If DLF fails to receive parking FSI, its land valuation will not cross Rs 1,500 crore,'' said another developer, negotiating with the real estate giant.Another property whose valuation has been affected is the landmark 1.5-acre Famous Studio at Mahalaxmi. The studio has been on the block for some time and D B Realty had almost concluded the deal for Rs 500 crore over a year ago before it fell through. But sources said the valuation is down to less than Rs 300 crore now after the new building regulations were recently approved by the state government.The 70,000 sq ft plot has a saleable area of 1.5 lakh sq ft, as against the 5 lakh sq ft that experts were expecting before the new policy came in. Famous Studio owner Arun Rungta denied the property was for sale but those in the know said the deal was stuck mainly due to change in valuation.Similarly, the Dunlop House property at Worli, which has been put up for sale, may fetch under Rs 300 crore, against the expected Rs 400 crore, sources said.New building rules introduced early this month allow only 35% extra space in a residential project. Builders will pay a premium to the BMC for this \"compensatory FSI''. These areas were earlier not counted in the FSI but many builders who could manipulate the system were able to virtually double these free-of-FSI areas and sell them at the market rate to flat buyers.Senior solicitor Parimal Shroff said the new DCR have severely hurt the business plans of builders and overall valuation of land. \"The new policy has ended the secret computations of builders and affected their asset valuation,'' he said. \"Land values were high as builders knew how much concessions they could procure and the quantum of areas they could load and sell to the buyer,'' he added.Shroff said, \"Builders have realized they can no longer receive these concessions.''Lodha Group managing director Abhisheck Lodha said land owners would now receive a lesser share of the overall value. \"The larger chunk will now go to the government as premium,'' he said.Knight Frank India chairman Pranay Vakil said land values will be more realistic now. \"We were always surprised how people paid such high values. It made no sense as sometimes land value was equal to the sale price of the finished product,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11607898", "title": "Mumbai-Goa highway\u2019s expansion gathers dust", "text": "The fatal accident on the Mumbai-Goa highway on Sunday in which five friends from Mulund and Bhandup lost their lives, once again highlights the extreme narrowness of the two-lane, 475km route.Leave alone the much-touted Rs 5,000-crore project to double the lanes of the Mumbai-Goa highway, even a simple solution to curb deadly accidents-a Rs 15-crore project to put in place road-safety infrastructure-is stuck at the Centre for approval and funds. This delay has ensured that the route continues to be called the state's 'killer highway'.Senior state government officials revealed that they had proposed road-safety infrastructure for 11 different accident-prone stretches on the highway, including installation of crash-barriers, reflector boards, speed-breakers or plastic rumblers, cat's eyes, blunting of curves by trimming hills and trees, and putting reflective paint on roads.\"This plan costing just Rs 15 crore has been gathering dust at the Centre after the National Highway Authority and local PWD officials sent across the proposal a year ago,\" said an official. The state has done some work in its capacity but it requires more funds, authority and the machinery to complete the job,\" said a source close to the union ministry of surface transport.Even as accident after accident go on snuffing out lives at the 100-plus dangerous spots on the highway, the Centre has so far failed to make up its mind on the Rs 4,000 crore needed for the expansion, mooted by the state four years ago. \"Only a small 84km section up to Indapur from Palaspe near Panvel is being taken up for expansion, but the fate of the majority of the road hangs in balance,\" said an official.S M Deshmukh, senior journalist and social activist who is leading the agitation in Raigad district for the highway's expansion, said that in just 20 days of January, 11 people have died in 10 accidents, which have left 65 seriously injured. \"A simple divider can avoid head-on collisions but there has been no effort in that direction. Trauma hospitals can save several lives but there is no move from the government.\"Around 37 spots on 11 different stretches have been identified by authorities such as the additional director general of traffic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "11610815", "title": "Body parts missing, tension in village", "text": "AKOLA: Sensation is prevailing in village Pangra Bandi under Malegaon taluka of Washim district following the post-mortem report of a body -- finding some body parts missing .The post mortem report of the body of Mahesh Badhe revealed that some organs included hands below the elbow and legs below the knees and his genital organ were missing.Mahesh Badhe was charred to death under suspicious circumstances on December 18.Sources said that Badhe allegedly took education at Ghuge's family during this period. He was also looking after the transactions of Ghuge. But he later refused to continue with Ghuge's business saying that he opened his own business at Akola. Angry over the refusal, Ghuge called Badhe to Pangrabandi and he was brutally murdered, said sources. The culprits are reported at large. Tryambak Badhe, the father of the deceased told a press conference held at Akola on Sunday that an offence of murder was registered two days after the incident. He demanded action against the culprits.Dacoits targets roadside dhabas, one killedAkola: One person was killed and 10 were seriously injured during an armed dacoity at four dhabas (eating joints) in Sindkhed Raja taluka bordering Buldhana district on Saturday.Armed dacoits struck at four dhabas namely Rajnandni Dhaba, Prem Dhaba, Alamgir Islami Dhaba and Maharaja Dhaba. 15 to 20 dacoits began beating dhaba owners and others.One dhaba owner Mohsin Khan was stabbed to death while some truck drivers were badly beaten. While offences were registered under various sections of the law, no arrest has been made so far. Police are investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "11614218", "title": "Anonymous: No plans to bring down Facebook on Jan 28", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: A Twitter account linked to the hacker group Anonymous denied that the group had released a video calling on the public to launch a cyber-attack on Facebook.The tweet was distributed just hours after someone who claimed to represent the group posted a video on YouTube calling for a coordinated attack on the social networking giant Facebook on January 28, to protest plans to crack down on online piracy.\"An online war has begun between Anonymous, the people, and the government of the United States,\" the video narrator says.\"While SOPA and PIPA may be postponed from Congress, this does not guarantee that our Internet rights will be upheld.\"At issue are the two anti-piracy bills which were delayed last week following unprecedented online protests.The video called on supporters to download a tool that launches denial of service attacks on targeted websites, and said that if enough people joined the effort, it could bring down Facebook, even though it has over 60,000 servers.But the call was swiftly rejected by the users of the Twitter account who in the past have spoken for the secretive hacker collective, raising the possibility that the Facebook video was either a hoax or supported by an Anonymous splinter group.\"Again we must say that we will not attack #Facebook! Again the mass media lie,\" the group tweeted from the @AnonOps feed. The episode came just days after Anonymous launched a string of high profile attacks which brought down the website of the US Justice Department, CBS News and the Motion Picture Association of America in retaliation for the closure last week of the file-sharing service Megaupload.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11607552", "title": "Truck carrying gutka worth Rs 3 lakh seized at Taleigao", "text": "PANAJI: Food and drug administration (FDA) inspectors along with commercial tax department squad intercepted a truck and seized Kolhapuri gutka worth Rs 3 lakh on Monday evening at Shankarwadi, Taleigao.The name of the driver of the Maharashtra registered truck is Bhiku Nawalkar and the owner of the vehicle is Mahajan Jaiwantrao of Kolhapur.A case has been booked against the accused under the Goa Public Health (Amendment) Act 2005.FDA has also lodged a complaint with Panaji police against the accused persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11608641", "title": "Pay wages on a par with states: SC to Centre", "text": "NEW DELHI: Possible additional outgo of Rs 1,000 crore annually played heavy in the Centre's mind to make it fight in Supreme Court on Monday against a Karnataka High Court ruling directing payments be made as per the higher state rate to workers under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA).MGNREGA payments are fixed taking into account the Consumer Price Index for Agricultural Labour (CPIL-AL) and is Rs 82 per day. However, Karnataka had fixed per day payments at Rs 119 under the Minimum Wages Act. The HC had directed the centre to pay Rs 119 instead of Rs 82, a difference of Rs 37 per day per worker.Though a bench of Justices Cyriac Joseph and Gyan Sudha Misra entertained the Centre's appeal, stayed recovery of wage arrears to workers under MGNREGA and agreed to hear solicitor general R F Nariman further on full stay on the HC judgment, it asked: why is the Centre resisting payments under Minimum Wages Act when this is not an adversarial litigation?Nariman said he would take instructions from the government on this regard, even as senior advocate Anil Divan, appearing for respondent 'Karnataka Prantiya Raita Sangha' placed before the court rural development minister Jairam Ramesh's letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh seeking discussion to resolve this conflict in payments to press home implementation of the HC ruling.At present, the minimum wages notified by four major states - Karnataka, Kerala, Andhra Pradesh and Rajasthan - is higher than the daily payments made under MGNREGA. With the Sonia Gandhi-led National Advisory Committee (NAC) and opinion of top law officers favouring MGNREGA payments to be on par with the minimum wages notified by the states, the government would find it difficult to take a different view.MGNREGA provides 100 days of guaranteed employment in every financial year to every household from which adult members volunteer to do unskilled manual work. \"To compensate the MGNREGA workers against inflation, the central government decided to index the wage rate with CPILAL and issues a notification on January 14, 2011, to that effect. It has also been decided to increase the wage rate annually by this indexation,\" the UPA government said.\"Notwithstanding these measures, the central government has set up a committee on March 2, 2010, under the chairmanship of Dr Pronab Sen for developing an index for fixing MGNREGA wage rate and its periodic revision. The report of the Committee is awaited,\" it said.Despite strong resistance put up by the centre against the implementation of the HC order, the bench was agreeable to a partial stay, which was linked to recovery of arrears, with a promise to hear the matter in detail after three weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11610835", "title": "Vendor murdered at liquor bar in cold blood", "text": "NAGPUR: A milk and newspaper vendor, in his 20s, was brutally stabbed to death inside a liquor bar on Tekdi Road on under broad daylight on Monday. Kamlesh Gadgilwar, alias Golu was attacked by a gang of armed assailants as he had just started his meal following the drinks. In January 2010, Kamlesh's elder brother Dinesh was eliminated.The blood-smeared floor of the liquor bar near Morris College T-point indicated the ferocity of the attack with which Kamlesh was done to death. It is learnt that Kamlesh had taken a vow to avenge his elder brother's murder and that he would not shave his head until he achieved that.It is learnt that couple of assailants entered the bar with sharp weapons. They had smashed a liquor bottle before shoving it in Kamlesh's stomach.Kamlesh's attempt to escape failed and he collapsed near the gate as the assailants kept on inflicting blows before speeding away on bikes. Five assailants were likely to be involved in killing Kamlesh.Police have already rounded up Riyaz Majrool Haque, a former externee, along with his cousin Amzad Haque and Amit Thakur for questioning. Thakur was sharing the drink and food with Kamlesh but he has claimed before the cops to have left the place before the attack took place.A source from the locality of Temple Bazaar road, where Gadgilwars stayed, said Kamlesh was after elder brother Dinesh's assailants who were released from jail last year. This information had shaken up the rival camp that led to Kamlesh's murder, said the police.Kamlesh's family source said that it was unusual for Kamlesh to visit the bar in the afternoon.A local source said that the recent murder was a fallout of an old rivalry between the families. Kamlesh and Dinesh's family members allegedly eliminated a member of Tiwari family a couple of decades ago. The Tiwaris avenged the murder by eliminating Dinesh and Kamlesh's uncle.The Gadgilwar's second generation and that of the Tiwaris were initially friends but a rift took place between them. Dinesh was allegedly killed by Amu alias Amit Tiwari, Tipu Lokhade, Sumit Yadav and others who threw chilli powder on him before stabbing him to death. But, the murder could not be proved against the assailants. Police said that the Kamlesh's murder is a fallout of the gang rivalry. Kamlesh was the sole bread earner of the family of elderly parents and younger sister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11610754", "title": "Docs, engineers in fray for Cong tickets", "text": "NAGPUR: Profiles of candidates who appeared for interviews conducted by the Congress party for the forthcoming NMC elections showed a welcome change. Of the around 900 candidates interviewed, 427 are graduates, including 24 doctors and 19 engineers.At least six claim to have PhDs while 7 were MPhils. These well-educated ones are in stark contrast to a handful of candidates with shady and even criminal past.\"Its heartening to see bright, educated people willing to work in the civic body to improve the city. Even among women , educated ones from the minority community made their presence felt at the interviews. That all these well-qualified people are keen on joining politics comes as a very encouraging sign at a time when a section of the media and so-called social activists are busy lampooning the politician as the worst enemy of the society,\" noted city Congress unit president Jaiprakash Gupta.Over 900 aspirants from the six assembly segments of the city appeared for the interviews conducted by the Congress at its Devadia Bhavan office on Friday, Saturday and Sunday. \"Perhaps for the first time, the selection process was marked with partymen's disciplined and orderly behavior, following the system. The observers from the MPCC were also surprised and said this time Nagpur, which was otherwise known for its internal fighting and discords, has set up an example for other cities to emulate,\" said Gupta.At least six candidates had doctorates (PhD), seven were doing MPhil, six were MBBS, D BAMS doctors and 8 practioners of Homeopathy. Then there were 11 graduate engineers, and eight with engineering diplomas, 20 with law degrees, 14 postgraduates in commerce, 22 with MA degrees, 9 MSc, 216 arts and commerce graduates, 65 with science degrees, 15 BSW and 12 MSWs.The Congress is the country's oldest party and arguably also the most unruly. \"But the parliamentary board gave due respect to every candidate and allowed them to speak out. Most of them may not get ticket, but at least they will be happy the way the party treated them,\" said Gupta.\"The body language, the vision showed in civic affairs and the confidence shown by some professionals who were ready to quit well-paid jobs to work for city's development was inspiring,\" said the Congress leader.Cong could face rebellion in North NagpurNagpur: The North Nagpur assembly constituency of the city represented in the state by EGS minister Nitin Raut could pose the biggest challenge of rebellion and discontent among Congressmen. This became clear on Sunday when several loyal Congress workers openly told the parliamentary board that they would not take it lying down if 'outsiders' who were yet to formally get entry into the party were called for interviews as Raut had reportedly given them commitment that they would be 'accommodated'.The anger among the Congress workers spilled over on Monday. They called up the TOI office to say that if 'outsiders' like Dharam Patil (from BSP), Vinod Walde (BRP BMS), Prakash Gondhane (RPI-K) were given ticket ignoring the claims of loyal party candidates, they would not work for the party in the NMC polls.Partymen from North Nagpur were already upset that Lokmanch which was earlier an ally of the BJP, was roped in and their candidates would get the Congress symbol. \"Where will Congress workers like us who worked selflessly for the party in the Lok Sabha and Assembly elections go if we do not get a chance to the contest NMC polls,\" asked Jaikumar Ramteke and Naresh Lade, Both of them have sought tickets from prabhag 11 (Indora zone).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11609213", "title": "'Residents here struggle to get basic amenities'", "text": "NASHIK: With elections for the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) being announced, political parties have gone into in poll mode, but residents of some parts of ward no. 3 in the Panchavati division are still seen struggling to get basic amenities like good roads, streetlights and water.Ward no. 3, which is one of the major wards in the division and belongs to former standing committee chairman and sitting corproator Sharad Koshire, includes MERI (Maharashtra Engineering Research Institute) colony, Tarwala Nagar, Amrutdham, the K K Wagh Agriculture College area, Vrindavan Colony, Dhatrak Phata, Siddhivinayak Township, Ayodhya Nagari, and Sai Nagar. The population of this ward is around 18,000.Some parts of this ward, particularly Saraswati Nagar, Dhatrak Phata, Siddhivinayak Township and Ayodhya Nagari, are still deprived of basic amenities like proper internal roads, streetlights, water and regular garbage collection.Local Nana Khairnar, who resides near the new K K Wagh Agriculture College, said, \"The garden at Saraswati Nagar, near K K Wagh Agriculture College, has been developed very well by the NMC administration, but the condition of the road along the Pramod Mahajan garden towards Dhatrak Phata has deteriorated and there are several potholes on the road. It gives a lot of trouble to people driving their vehicles on the road. The situation of other internal roads in this area is also bad. Besides, half of the streetlights along the road aren't working.\"\"There is no vegetable market in the area and we have to go to the vegetable market in Panchavati, 7 km from here. A vegetable market is set up at Hanuman Nagar, around 2 km from here, but only twice a week. That too, is very inconvenient as we have to cross the national highwary no.3 to get there,\" said Khairnar.Bhagwan Dhandanekar, a resident of Dhatrak Phata, said, \"Garbage collection vehicles come to this area once in two or three days. There is no fixed time-table. The condition of the roads in the area is also very bad.\"Chandrakant Shevade, a resident of Siddhivinayak Colony, said, \"The condition of the internal roads at Siddhivinayak Colony is pathetic and we have been waiting for a pukka road for the last 8-9 years. Driving on the colony roads during the monsoon becomes difficult. Streetlights suddenly stop functioning for 5-7 days. There are no gardens in this area.\"When contacted, sitting corporator Sharad Koshire said, \"The NMC has approved a project worth Rs 18 lakh for construction work on the 18m road along the Pramod Mahajan garden near K K Wagh Agriculture College. A work order has also been issued for the same. The work is expected to begin shortly. Besides, a construction project at Siddhivinayak Colony has already been approved, but we haven't started construction as the pipeline work for the proposed water tank at the location was to be completed first. The pipelines pass by the same roads. Road construction work in the area will begin shortly. The problem of streetlights in some areas will also be sorted out shortly. In the past five years, I carried out developmental work amounting to Rs 33 crore in the area, including monsoon drainage work, road concretization on the banks of Kapila River, widening of the Model Road in Hirawadi area etc.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11611136", "title": "MCC to issue trade licence at doorsteps", "text": "MYSORE: Mysore City Corporation on Monday launched a drive to issue trade licences to people on their doorsteps.MCC health officer Nagaraj told TOI that this was aimed at raising tax from all business establishments in their limits. Authorities will visit business establishments to verify their licences hereafter. They will also incorporate every trade functioning separately into a single trade licence during the drive, he said.The civic body has issued licences to over 17,000 business establishments in Mysore, but only 12,000 plus establishments have renewed their trade licences. Various business firms located especially in revenue layouts are doing business without any permit. Hence, the MCC is planning to bring such establishments under the tax bracket by issuing trade permission letter. As revenue layouts do not come under MCC control, officials have planned to issue permission letter to do businesses, the officer said.Nagaraj claimed that about 40% of business establishments across the city are functioning without licences. Every business house is recognized based on its identity number, ward, group number and road identity. The health officer explained that every ward is divided into groups and further classified into street to easily recognize the firms for the purpose of issuing trade licence and for collection of tax.However, they have noticed that various business shops are functioning under one licence and they will now incorporate all such firms during the drive, which will be carried out in all nine corporation zones.Mayor Pushpalatha Chikkanna inaugurated the drive by issuing a licence to a trader near Krishna Raja circle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11609575", "title": "Man found dead", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 30-year-old man was found dead near a commercial complex at Rathinapuri in the city on Monday morning. Police suspect it is a case of suicide. The deceased has been identified as C Ganga Kannan, a bachelor who lived in PM Samy Colony.An alcoholic, Kannan worked at his elder brother C Venugopal's shop at Rathinapuri that recharges batteries. He failed to come to work for the past two weeks. When he returned to work on Thursday, his brother scolded him.Kannan then went to Madurai to meet some relatives and returned to Coimbatore on Sunday evening. He hanged himself from the ceiling of a portion of the commercial complex. An autopsy was conducted at Coimbatore Medical College Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "11609794", "title": "Old woman held for faking own abduction", "text": "MOHALI: Police have arrested a Phase VI resident, 60-year-old woman for concocting a kidnapping drama and misleading police. The elderly woman had reportedly gone \"missing\" from a local vegetable market last Saturday, but later it came to light that she had travelled with two young men, who are still absconding, to Chintpurni where the trio hatched the kidnapping plot. They called her husband twice, the first time to seek Rs 15 lakh as ransom and the second time, half-an-hour later, demanding Rs 10 lakh in exchange for the woman. When taken in custody, the woman revealed during preliminary inquiry that she owed money to a number of people due to loss in gambling and needed to pay around Rs 4 lakh to various persons. So, she hatched a kidnapping plan with two boys, Pawan and Satu alias Vishal, as she was aware that her husband had money.Ram Niwas Sharma had lodged a complaint with police on Sunday, alleging that his wife, Santra Devi Sharma, has been kidnapped. According to the complaint, she had gone to buy vegetables from a nearby vegetable market around 5.30pm, but did not return. The complaint also stated that the husband had received a ransom call from the kidnappers, demanding Rs 15 lakh as ransom. It further said that after about half-an-hour, the complainant received another call, in which the kidnappers asked him to arrange for Rs 10 lakh only as ransom, warning him against approaching police.After inquiries and tracing phone calls, a raiding party was dispatched to Chintpurni in Himachal and found the woman sitting alone in a room. The elderly woman was arrested under sections 309, 384,511 and 120-B of IPC. Efforts are on to nab the absconding men.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11609880", "title": "Kids to march dressed as Bapu", "text": "KOLKATA: In a uniquely conceptualized event, 450 underprivileged children, all dressed as Mahatma Gandhi , will go on a peace march on January 29 and set a new Guinness world record. These children will walk on Mayo road till the Gandhi statue. They will walk as a group, upholding the morals of honesty, truth, justice, and ahimsa which were so dear to Bapuji.\"So many children dressed up as Mahatma has never happened before and is indeed a historic event,\" said Sumit Bhatt, chairman of Rise Up. For the first time in this decade, respresentatives from Guinness Book of World Record will be present to judge and award the participants on setting the record.The event 'Mahatma to rise up to a new world record' is being organized by Training Re-course and Care for Kids (TRACKS) and is supported by Lions Clubs International. Some of these children also belong to single mothers.The participants are aged between 10 and 16 years. \"I extend my support and best wishes for the event and hope to continue to serve the society better,\" said S P Bhatt, zone chairman of Lions Club International.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11613001", "title": "Suniel Anand to follow his father\u2019s footsteps", "text": "Over six decades back, Dev Anand and brother Chetan Anand started their own production company.Navketan Films, launched by Dev Anand still in his twenties at the time, had gone on to produce films like Baazi, Taxi Driver, Kaala Paani, Kaala Bazaar and Hum Dono. Interestingly, all ventures by the production house starred their family hero Dev. Following his father's legacy, Suniel Anand, who now heads the company, has decided to revive the banner with a film that his father Dev had scripted earlier. What's more, Suniel has decided to star in the venture as well, much like his father.Though Suniel did not wish to divulge the details of the script yet, he did inform Mumbai Mirror that the film would be based on one of the stories that his father Dev Anand was already contemplating on. The film will go on floors by April 2012, revealed Suniel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11609257", "title": "\u2018Warm\u2019 relief expected from today", "text": "LUCKNOW: Minimum temperatures rose in many parts of the state but the city continued to reel under cold wave with mercury dropping to 4.9 degrees Celsius, two degrees below normal, on Monday. The, weatherman, however, said that temperatures will rise by a couple of degrees on Tuesday. The sky will remain clear in Lucknow and minimum temperature is expected to around 6 degrees.The maximum temperature during the day was 22 degrees. The dry icy winds kept the climate chilly. The minimum temperature in the state capital was the second lowest in the state. The lowest minimum temperature was recorded in Najibabad - 4 degrees. State Met director J P Gupta said that a western disturbance would hit the Himalayan region on Tuesday. It would cause rainfall and snow in the hilly region but will cut off the flow of dry icy winds towards the plains leading to a rise in the minimum and maximum temperatures by a few degrees, he said. The temperatures, however, will drop again after the western disturbance fizzles out.According to Central Met department, rain/thundershowers could occur at a couple of places over plains of northwest region in the country, including some parts of west UP, on January 25. Maximum temperatures would rise by 2-3 degrees. Shallow fog would occur in the morning hours over some parts. On Sunday, the minimum temperature had dropped to 1.3 degrees in Agra and 5 degrees in Lucknow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11610522", "title": "Technology helped trace suspects", "text": "MUMBAI: Technology has played a major role in the probe into the 13/7 blasts. Four cop teams went through images from 187 CCTV cameras for 29 days before they zeroed in on the planters.\"Our staff worked for 696 hours on 187 cameras' images that we obtained from various locations. Some images were highly damaged, while some had a lot of smoke, making it difficult to get leads. Our staff did not give up and worked hard,\" said Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS) chief Rakesh Maria. At one point, the ATS almost lost hope. \"Soon we got advanced software from a European company that helped forensic experts make the blurred images clearer,\" he added.Face-recognition experts were used and cell phone tracking and other technologies were also employed.According to Maria more than 150 officers from the Mumbai police, besides those from Delhi, Kolkata and Bihar , did investigations. Investigators interrogated 12,373 people and recorded their statements. \"Our investigation was spread across 18 states.... Importance was given to tracing the financial trail, like who sent the Rs 10 lakh to execute the blasts, who received the money and how many people were taken into confidence to distribute the money,\" said an ATS officer.\"We have obtained DNA from the room they stayed in. The police found that Naqi Ahmed and Nadeem Akhtar also visited the rented room in Byculla where the planters stayed,\" said a source. The computer seized from the rented room contains incriminating files and information, according to police. A copy of the hard disk is being studied and the forensic laboratory will submit a final report in the next week, said the source. The ATS team included deputy commissioner of police Pradeep Sawant, assistant commissioners Ashok Kamat and Samad Shaikh, and inspectors Dinesh Kadam, Sukhlal Varpe and S Pawar.The 13/7 blastsDate |July 13, 2011Toll |27 dead | 127 injuredBlast sites |Zaveri Bazar (6.54 pm) | Opera House (6.55 pm) | Dadar (7.06 pm)Bombs |They contained a cocktail of TNT ammonium nitrate, nitrite and petroleum hydrocarbon, according to the final report of the Kalina Forensic Science Laboratory", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11614484", "title": "Aakash tab gets Indian War Comics", "text": "Indian Army Chief V K Singh today launched the digital version of Indian War Comics (IWC), which will be available for users of upcoming version of Aakash tablet PC to be supplied by Datawind.\"This particular idea itself is not only laudable, but I think each one of us must realise that there is something which will make tremendous difference,\" Army Chief V K Singh said while releasing digital version of comics.Singh launched digital version of comics on Param Vir Chakra winner Bana Singh, Captain Vikram Batra and Mumbai 26/11 war hero Major Sandeep Unnikrishnan 'Ashok Chakra'.He added that the idea is to inspire children. \"Those of you who have been lucky to read the Amar Chitra Katha and know what it did to you, to know your own history, I think these war comics are going to make a fantastic difference. Specially when they are loaded on to the Akash tablet,\" he said.These digital version of comics will be available free of cost on Aakash and Ubislate Tablets of Datawind.\"We will put these comics on both Aakash and Ubislate tablets,\" Datawind CEO Sunit Singh Tuli said.The print version of these comics are available in the open market through Om Books and Westland.Promoter of IWC and a Merchant Navy officer Aditya Bakshi said he will launch hindi version of these comics in next four months and later a copy in mother-tongue of war heros will be launched.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11613269", "title": "Let the music play", "text": "Audiophiles are redefining their musical vocabulary by tuning into new genres, thanks to cyberspaceBob Dylan couldn't have been more providential for generations of music lovers when he penned the lyrics to that eternal classic The times are a Changin'. Thanks to the advent of technology, our tastes in music have undergone severe, but nevertheless pleasant changes. And it's become an almost Herculean task to demarcate our interests within genres of music that were until now considered commonplace. Rock, pop, jazz, funk, classical and techno, like many of their contemporaries, have become reminders of a past long gone by.They have now been replaced by terms like EMO, trop rock, dubstep , avantgarde, bluegrass and more. Confused? Welcome to the new age of music that's defined by anything and everything that feels 'just right' to the creators of that specific sound. Don't go looking for influences and inspirations with this lot - they're auteurs in their own little ways. And their listeners couldn't be more delighted with the multihued platter that's been served up to them.Explaining her joy on having discovered some completely out-of-the-world music on the Internet, Raiza Khan, a photographer and music buff tells us, \"I used to only listen to Romanian house music - the loud sorts, for a long time. But my friends told me there was a whole subculture of independent artistes around the city, the country and the world as a whole and they deserved to be heard. So, these days, I trip on French musicians and bands like The Weepies and Neon Indian. I am so glad my tastes have evolved to a level where I am able to appreciate new forms of melodies and rhythms. It's made my playlist a more happening place.\"For others, the overwhelming reach of the Internet has spelt boon in more ways than one. Sujith Gopalan, a copywriter and part-time musician spills the beans on how his perception of music got shaped by cyberspace. \"While working on my own tracks in my spare time, I got in touch with several indie artists whose works I grew fond of. Seeing what they were up to, helped me grow from strength to strength. Recently, I started listening to mash-ups and acts like Skrillex, Owl City , Imogen Heap and Rox among others. And it's been a rocking journey so far,\" he remarks. Ask the musicians what their take on this trend is and they say it's just a sign of the times.Darbuka Siva, a renowned percussionist from the city, who's been playing in groups like Yodhakaa and La Pongal reveals, \"From an audience perspective, it's clear that people want to listen to something new all the time. The packaging and the platform on which such music is delivered also influences the manner in which listeners accept it. And that very need for novelty is what drives music in such diverse directions.\"He goes on to add, \"From a musician's POV, I like to create music that I personally enjoy listening to. And if that's something even the audiences enjoy, then my job is done!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11611264", "title": "BJP rally against 4.5 pc quota for backward Muslims", "text": "KANPUR: The Bharatiya Janata Party took out a motorcycle rally in various areas of the city on Monday, opposing the decision taken by the Central government of providing 4.5 per cent reservation to backward Muslims.Speaking on the occasion, general secretary Surendra Maithani said that the backward community would forgo its opportunities as 4.5 per cent reservation is being taken from the 27 per cent quota meant for BCs. He said that providing reservation basing on religion is against the Constitution and the verdict of the apex court.\"Religion-based quota for Muslims is a dirty tactic of the Congress to divide the nation again,\" he said and added that BJP will oppose any such move by launching a nation-wide movement.\"The Congress party would create a rift among communities and Civil war type situation could arise. The BJP will not allow reservation on the basis of religion,\" another BJP worker said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11614793", "title": "In first year, only 70k sign up for CMAT", "text": "MUMBAI: Merely 70,000 aspirants across the country have registered for the first edition of the national level Common Management Admission Test (CMAT).The entrance test, for admission to 3,500-odd MBA colleges in the country, will be conducted online by the All India Council of Technical Education (AICTE) over a period of eight days starting February 20.By the time the dates for the CMAT were announced, most of the states had already announced the schedule of their entrance examinations. It also took time to approach the states. Also, its the first year of implementation. From next year, the registration will increase, said AICTE chairman S S Mantha.The idea of a common admission test for admissions to B-schools, barring Indian Institutes of Management, was mooted last year. The announcement was made in December. The idea is to have fewer entrance tests for students to reduce stress. All AICTE-approved institutions will have to accept CMAT scores, added Mantha.The three-hour entrance test will be conducted at 61 centres across the country over nine days in two shifts. The 100-mark test will be divided in four different components of 25 marks each, wherein one mark will be deducted for each incorrect answer. However, even as CMAT aims to promote a single entrance test, several other bodies plan to continue with their tests.The Association of Indian Management Schools (AIMS) that conducts a test for management admissions at the national level may soon offer the exam every alternate month for the benefit of students. Apoorva Palkar, chairperson of the AIMS Test for Management Admissions, said, We have almost 9,000 to 10,000 candidates appearing for the tests that we conduct. We hold four testsone paper-pencil and three e-tests that were started on an experimental basis last year. She added that CMAT scores also will be accepted by the associations institutes in addition to other scores.The state government has already scrapped the state CET for admissions to B-schools from the next academic year. An official from the Directorate of Technical Education said, From next year, admissions in the state will be completely based on the CMAT scores. This is the last year for the state CET.However, the state is yet to decide on the details of the admission process. Last year, around 96,000 candidates from the state appeared for the MBA/ MMS CET from the state. Several other states have decided to accept CMAT from the next academic year, including Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh and Kerala.Numbers game:Candidates registered for CMAT (2012): around 70,000Candidates registered for CAT (2011): Around 1.85 lakhCandidates registered for MH-CET for MBA/MMS (2011): Around 96,000", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11613709", "title": "Agneepath gets its math correct", "text": "Karan Johar's Agneepath remake is already a winner even before its worldwide release on January 26.Sources indicate that the film that has reportedly costs its makers around 62 cr with print and publicity has already recovered around 35 cr from the sale of satellite rights; 15 cr from the overseas rights given to Eros International and also approximately 10-12 cr from music, home video and other rights.Trade analyst Taran Adarsh who saw the film at a special screening last night says, \"It is a fitting tribute to the masterwork made in 1990. The movie has all the potential to scale dizzy heights of victory and catapult Hrithik Roshan as the newest member of the 100 cr club. Here comes the first giant blockbuster of 2012.\"Karan Johar himself is unduly concerned about the math. He says, \"I want people to like my film.\" Agneepath that is being distributed worldwide by Karan himself through the offices of his distributor friend Anil Thadani, known in the film industry as Raveena Tandon's husband. Our source confirms, \" Agneepath is in profit from the first rupee earned from the Indian box office.\"Currently there is heavy duty betting on whether the first day collections; by virtue of the fact that the film releases on 'Republic Day' that is a National holiday, will cross Bodyguard 's opening day figures of 21.5 cr. \"Betting on big films has become a national pastime,\" confirms a bookie. \"Here the important thing is that the film has got its arithmetic correct and will be in a profit from the day of release,\" says our source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "11615177", "title": "Vietnamese celebrate New Year at Hindu temple", "text": "BEIJING: A flood of Vietnamese are flooding a Hindu temple in Ho Chi Minh City during the 7-day Tet festival that began last Friday, according to Indian residents of the city and local Vietnamese.More than 50,000 people, almost all Buddhists, prayed at the Mariammam Temple through the day and the entire night during the Vietnamese New Year on Sunday. The flow continued through Tuesday with several thousand local people visiting each day.\"The local Vietnamese believe that worshiping at this temple during the New Year festival will bring good luck,\" Atul Kumar, a businessmen who has been in HCMC since the 1980s told TNN.A visitor from India reported that people were observing both Hindu and Buddhist rituals to please the gods at the temple.\"There was a scramble of people offering 'prasad' as the main door of the sanctum sanctorum opened last midnight. There were several thousand Vietnamese Buddhists. They were all praying with deep belief,\" B.S.Subramanyam, a chemical engineer from Chennai told TNN over phone.Local Vietnamese are making oaths and offering 'prasad' in the belief that Hindu gods are generous about granting the wishes of worshippers. Food offerings are being made to idols of several gods and goddesses including Lakshmi, Muruga and Ganesha besides the main idol of goddess Mariammam.This is among the three Hindu temples in Vietnam's biggest city, which has less than 1,000 resident Indians. The Mariammam temple draws the maximum number of local worshippers besides serving as an officially approved tourist's destination.All the temples were built nearly 150 years back, when the city had a thriving community of Indian businessmen dealing in silk and spices.Vietnamese worshippers applied red vermilion on their foreheads after making offerings of flowers, coconuts, betel leaf, dried rice and candles to the different gods at the Mariammam temple.Many visitors burning three to five feet long incense sticks filling the temple premises with thick smoke, which is how worshiping takes place in Vietnamese Buddhist temples.All the temples were built nearly 150 years back, when the city had a thriving community of Indian businessmen dealing in silk and spices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11610750", "title": "Senior clerk at Daga hosp in ACB net", "text": "NAGPUR: A senior clerk working with Daga Hospital was nabbed while accepting a bribe of Rs 10,000 by the Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) sleuths at Munje square on Monday. Identified as Laxmikant Madelwar, who in his forties, was allegedly harassing the cycle and bike stand contractor Sanjay Yenurkar for monetary gains.Madelwar was apparently demanding a bribe to help Yenurkar, who had submitted a tender in November last year, get the parking contract on the hospital premises.The tender was passed in favour of Yenurkar assigning him the parking contract for the current year. Immediately after this, Madelwar started demanding money from Yenurkar who finally approached the ACB.ACB sources said that Madelwar had called Yenurkar to Jhansi Rani square where they had beer. Later, Madelwar instructed Yenurkar to follow him on bike and make the payment at Munje chowk. The ACB sleuths too followed the duo. Later, the anti-graft cops chased Madelwar after he accepted the bribe.Deputy superintendent of police HR Reddiwar said that searches were conducted at the residence of the accused clerk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "trichy ", "code": "11609152", "title": "Govt school coming apart due to lack of funding", "text": "TRICHY : A corporation girls high school in Thiruvanaikovil in Trichy district has been functioning in a dilapidated building owned by a charitable trust, endangering the lives of students.Kasi Chetti Municipality Middle School has been operating for the past 80 years in a 10,000 sq ft land owned by Kasi Chettiar Charities, Chennai. In the wake of chief minister J Jayalalithaa's order to upgrade schools, it has been decided to upgrade the school in the coming academic year. The high school will also come up inside the existing campus. As of now, the primary and elementary sections have 133 students each, with a staff strength of 10.Given that the school building is over 80 years old, it is in a dilapidated condition. Corporation officials have not taken any action to renovate the building or change the school premises.For the past five years, parents and teachers have pleaded with the officials to improve school facilities. But neither the corporation, nor the Trust came forward to take up renovation works.\"We urged corporation officials to change the school premises. But the government has ordered the school to be upgraded at the same premises. Though we identified land, part of the Sri Jambugeswarar temple, to build the new school, no action has been taken. Because of the poor condition of the building, many students have dropped out of school,\" lamented one of the teachers.Meanwhile, the board members of the Trust, who had been receiving rental for the school building, moved the Madurai Bench of Madras High Court to repossess the building from the Trichy Corporation, citing the dilapidated state of the school building, said advocate A Kamarudeen, organiser of Makkal Maiyam in Trichy.In light of the writ petition, the corporation agreed to take on the renovation of the school building. However, the education department has asked the school to vacate the building to protect the safety of students and teachers, he said. Taking all aspects of the issue into consideration, the Bench in its order dated December 13, 2011, directed the Trichy corporation to vacate the building at the end of the academic year (ie) March 31, 2012, he said.When contacted, AC Sundaramoorthy, Senior Trustee in Kasi Chettiar Charities told TOI that a compound wall of the building had collapsed in 1998.Even after the incident, the officials made no move to renovate the building as the trust could not afford the renovation. Thus they moved the court to retrieve the building.According to Kamarudeen, the Trichy corporation had not spent the fund allocated for education to renovate the building or construct a new one.Despite repeated attempts to contact corporation officials, no one was available for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11611392", "title": "Fine weather fails to make AI take flight", "text": "LUDHIANA: Despite clear weather and sufficient visibility on Monday, Air India (AI) cancelled its lone flight between Delhi and Ludhiana citing \"operational reasons''. In January, the flight has landed only once at Sahnewal airport.\"The flight was cancelled on Sunday night due to operational reason so there was no chance of its landing on Monday either. The exact reason for the cancellation is not known,'' said Amrik Singh, manager with Air India at Sahnewal Airport.\"The weather was fine so the flight could have landed without any problem,'' said V P Jain, airport manager with AAI.\"The flight could have landed without any problems but AI cancelled it due to reasons best known to them,\" said V P Jain airport manager with AAI. Regarding any improvement at the airport he said, \"Nothing has been done till now and due to election code there is no hope either.\"The lack of air connectivity has left residents disappointed. \"During last elections we were promised air connectivity from Sahnewal airport but even after five years we cannot take the flight even to Delhi. There is no justification for such lack of basic amenities,'' said Tribhuvan Thapar, a businessman staying in Naughara Mohalla.Model Town-resident Manpreet Singh, who is also a businessman, said all the promises that political parties make are empty.\"SAD's election manifesto says Sahnewal airport is being expanded and would be operational for cargo traffic also but it seems impossible since they have not been able to operate a single flight in five years,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11609272", "title": "Forest department plans cycle track to promote tourism", "text": "NASHIK: The forest department, Nashik range, has sent a proposal to the state tourism department for a cycle track in the interiors of Harsul, Peth and their surrounding areas to boost adventure tourism, according to the Chief Conservator of Forests (Territorial), Nashik, G Saiprakash.\"This 25 km cycle track would begin from Harsul to Peth via Dalpatpur, then to Savarna and from there to Bijawad. We will have 2-3 tents, air-conditioned and non-air-conditioned, at the starting point in Harsul in addition to our guest house. We are planning to have fully equipped tents with proper beds and toilets. The concept of having a cycle track in these tribal areas with the participation of villagers of all the villages enroute was suggested to us by Bishwaroop Raha of Nature Conservation Society of Nashik,\" informed Saiprakash. The villagers would also guide the cyclists.The cyclists can carry their bicycles in vehicles from Nashik, park their vehicles at the starting point of the route, eat local food and then begin with their journey on bicycles, he further informed. \"They will have local food prepared by the villagers during their journey, will stay in tents at the destination and will come back to the starting point. It will be managed by a joint forest management committee and villagers will be engaged in this project. This project will boost eco-tourism,\" said Saiprakash.The forest department had a meeting with District Collector, P Velrasu, for this project of tourism under Tribal Supplan (TSP), he said. \"Everything has been finalised and we were hoping to get the funds sanctioned for this project from the government this month but it has been withheld for sometime because of the code of conduct. Rupees eighty five crores and ninety six lakhs have been quoted under the TSP for Peth and Harsul. The funds would be for tents, ten cycles, maintenance and repair of the guest house, infrastructure development, training villagers, etc,\" he said.The President of the Nature Conservation Society of Nashik (NCSN), Bishwaroop Raha, said that the project would help bonding with the tribal villagers. \"We have been conducting various programmes for the villagers, like drawing competitions, creating environmental awareness, etc. Now these villagers will be involved. I have recommended 21-geared cycles from Trek company for the project, that would help cycle in all kinds of terrain,\" he said.The route is through lush green villages and dense and sparse forests, the forest department informed, adding that they are targeting the youth but people from all age groups can participate in it.Track PointsTotal track length: 25km from Harsul to Peth to Suvarna to BijawadEstimated total funds: Rs 96 croreEco-tourism boost as track will run through forest patchFood for participants to be provided by local villagesTents, guesthouses to be erected along the way", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11611334", "title": "Monitor workers: Residents", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Residents irked with the poor sanitary conditions throughout the city have now openly come against the municipal authorities on the issue asking them to keep a check on the presence of sweepers and sanitation workers in their respective areas during duty hours.Public groups apprised the civic body of their specific demands at a recently held meeting with municipal officials.City's biggest public group, Federation of Sectors' Welfare Association of Chandigarh (FOSWAC) demanded Chandigarh municipal corporation to provide a proper chart listing area sweepers at each community centre of the city, so that the residents would know the number of sweepers assigned to their respective areas and would be able to participate in monitoring their work and presence.FOSWAC chairman PC Sanghi said poor sanitation has emerged as a major problem in residential areas of the city as sweepers don't come to work for 10 to 15 days. Various resident welfare associations have complained at the monthly meetings that in most areas the presence of sweepers is below 30%, he added. \"Therefore, we want public's participation in monitoring and working of sweepers,\" said Sanghi.Chandigarh Social Welfare Council chairman and a Sector 51 resident S S Bhardwaj said, \"It is necessary to put up a proper chart of sweepers and sanitation workers for residents, as their attendance is not in accordance to sanctioned strength.\"Surinder Sharma, president of resident welfare association of Sector 15 said, \"This grievance has been recurring at every public meeting, but the civic body has turned deaf to the issue.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11609087", "title": "SEC hits back at model code critics", "text": "MUMBAI: Reacting to state home minister RR Patil's comment on the extreme 'strictness' of guidelines imposed under the model code of conduct, the state election commission (SEC) has said that a stringent poll protocol ensures discipline and fairness during elections. \"For this reason it is necessary the election code of conduct is kept stringent and implemented and adhered to diligently,\" said election commissioner Neela Satyanarayan.In the run-up to the civic poll, the SEC has been kept busy by a steady flow of complaints of code violations by, among others, senior leaders such as CM Prithviraj Chavan, NCP chief Sharad Pawar, his nephew Ajit Pawar and MNS chief Raj Thackeray, the last of whom criticized the SEC for buckling under political pressure.In most of these cases, the SEC is in the process of serving notices and deciding the future course of action against those found guilty. \"In some cases, we have asked the local authorities to investigate. In others, a direct reply has been sent to those who commented on the SEC's functioning,\" said an SEC official.Speaking to reporters on Monday, Satyanarayan said she did not see anything wrong in the visits of Chavan and Pawar to drought-prone areas of the state. She has, however, called civic chief Subodh Kumar for a hearing on the plans to construct a coastal road. The ambitious project was unveiled by a state-appointed committee last week, soon after which complaints were filed against Chavan and the committee for breaching the model code.To Thackeray, the SEC said, a stern message has been delivered, warning him against making statements against the constitutional body or else his party could lose its registration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11611092", "title": "Anoushka Shankar to perform at IIT-G fest", "text": "GUWAHATI: Internationally acclaimed sitar player Anoushka Shankar Wright will perform at Alcheringa, the annual fest of IIT-Guwahati, on February 2.The musician, who is the daughter of the legendary Ravi Shankar , will perform during \"Saaz\" - the main Indian classical musical night. Anoushka, who has seven studio albums to her credit, some of them critically acclaimed, will take part in a programme of an educational institution of a country for the first time.\"We are proud of the fact that we are able to invite such an internationally recognized artist to Guwahati. All we can say is that the musical event will be a treat to all those who savour classical music, especially sitar. She will treat us to the musical rendition from her latest studio album 'Traveller', which explores different contours of Indian classical music along with Spanish Flamenco. She will arrive here on February 1 and will leave on February 3,\" said Srikanth Jayaraman, the convener of Alcheringa and a sixth semester student of chemical science and technology.After being nominated for a Grammy, the highest musical accolade in the world in 2003 for her third album \"Live at Carnegie Hall \", she became the first female and the youngest nominee in the world music category. In 2005, she was again nominated in the contemporary world music category for her album \"Rise\".In 2006, Anoushka became the first Indian to perform at the Grammies. At the age of 13, Anoushka gave her first performance started accompanying her father in world tours when she was 14. She signed the first contract when she was 16.The fest, which draws thousands of people, has also initiated some new events this year. \"We will, for the first time, giving away internships instead of cash prize for the event 'Our Stage Your Dreams' in which the finalists will be given a chance to intern under Barry John and Bob Lyngdoh. This year, for the rock concert, we have invited Israeli band 'Orphan Land',\" added Jayaraman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11609855", "title": "BMC warns tax defaulters of tough action", "text": "BHOPAL: The cash-strapped Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) has attached properties of 122 tax defaulters in January. The civic body has to recover Rs 50 lakh from the defaulters in a month.Of these, each of four tax defaulters owes the BMC over Rs 1 lakh. Besides, from some 30 defaulters, each has to pay taxes more than Rs 40,000.Civic body officials have yet to achieve big success despite directives from BMC commissioner Manish Singh to collect tax from at least ten tax defaulters from a ward each day from 70 wards. A property tax collection campaign through out the city.With rise in number of tax defaulters in the city, it is difficult for the corporation to generate revenue. \"We have attached properties of many tax defaulters in the past one month,\" BMC commissioner Manish Singh told TOI.\"With poor financial condition of the BMC, it is important for us to collect revenue from the people,\" the commissioner said. \"Failure to pay tax on time will invite strict action,\" he added.The BMC holds special camp to pay tax in March. Moreover, the corporation has also decided to display the names of 25 people before every ward office for failing to pay property tax in time. The BMC can display names of defaulters in public. The names of prominent people who were tax defaulters were displayed in public when Uma Shankar Gupta was the mayor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11608931", "title": "EC told to remove errant cops from duty in Jewar", "text": "NOIDA: With a month to go for the Assembly elections, Janata Dal (U) has demanded that the Election Commission remove those police officials from duty who were involved in clashes in the twin villages of Bhatta-Parsaul in May last year. The cops are stationed at the Dankaur police station.Both these villages fall within the Jewar Assembly segment of Gautam Buddh Nagar district. JD(U) has fielded Manveer Tewatiya as its candidate from the seat.JD(U) chief, Sharad Yadav, has registered a complaint with the Election Commission that his party workers are under the threat of being harassed during the election campaign by the cops stationed in Dankaur. Yadav has demanded the immediate removal of these officials in order to ensure free and fair polls.\"The atmosphere of fear is still predominant in villages around Bhatta-Parsaul with most of the officials still on duty in the region,\" said Yadav. \"Free and fair elections are impossible when the public has lost all faith in the police,\" Yadav told TOI.Sharad Yadav and Tewatiya's wife met officials at the headquarters of the Election Commission in New Delhi on Monday. \"Tewatiya's wife has deposed before the commission about the threats the cops pose to the villagers in the region,\" said Yadav.Yadav said that in a radius of around 25 kms around the villages of Bhatta-Parsaul, the atmosphere of fear is so deeply entrenched that women find it impossible to go out alone or approach the police for justice.\"Till date, no FIR has been filed against these officials involved in the violence. Locals have lost faith in the law and order system and it is worthless to conceive free and fair polls if the officials are not removed immediately and some normalcy restored,\" said Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11609408", "title": "JDA takes strict actions after poor quality material used in city roads", "text": "JAIPUR: Taking a serious note of poor quality material used in city roads, the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) has decided to issue notices to the officials concerned and fine the contractor.To maintain the quality of roads, the civic authorities have recently taken along a third party inspection to check the quality of material used. So far, the JDA and the third party have taken around 386 samples, out of which around 44 samples were found negative.\"A penalty of Rs 30 lakh has been levied on the contractor, while notices to the officials concerned are being issued,\" an official said.After seeing the abnormality in the quality of material used at Sirisi road, the JDA has sought a report from the officials concerned. After the report was submitted, order to transfer the executive engineer and the assistant engineer from JDA's engineering cell to the project cell has been issued.The authorities took the decision after facing a strong criticism as no action was taken against the defaulters after the 44 samples were sent again for review. Sources said the Jaipur Development Commissioner ( JDC) has given directions to examine the reports and take action against the defaulters. After the samples were taken in December, the JDA has repaired many major roads, including Tonk Road and JLN Marg among others for the Pravasi Bharatiya Divas 2012.Also, to ensure quality work, the urban development and housing minister Shanti Dhariwal had announced that the contractor for the road concerned would be responsible for its maintenance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "guwahati/jorhat", "code": "11611137", "title": "Two rhino poaching bids foiled", "text": "GUWAHATI/JORHAT: Officials of Kaziranga and Orang national parks successfully foiled two separate attempts by poachers to kill rhinos in the precincts of the parks.The anti-poaching operations in the two national parks have been intensified following increasing attempts by poachers to kill rhinos, whose horns are in demand in Southeast Asian markets where they are used in traditional medicine recipes.At Kaziranga on Monday, forest guards resorted to gunfire when a gang of three poachers sneaked into the Bagori forest range of the park on Sunday night. The combing operation in the dense areas of the park lasted till 11.30 am, but the poachers managed to escape. They, however, could not kill any rhino.\"We heard a gunshot inside the forest. Our staff opened fire in retaliation. But no one was injured in the exchange of fire. There were three poachers in all, equipped with a .303 rifle. However, they managed to escape,\" a Kaziranga park official said.Kaziranga has lost two rhinos within the past month - one killed by poachers and another shot dead by forest guards when the one-horned pachyderm attacked them. On the other hand, at Orang, park officials were successful in flushing out a gang of poachers, who also sneaked into the park to kill a rhino on January 18.\"A gang of poachers entered Orang through the south-western boundary of the park on January 18. They wanted to kill a rhino near a waterhole. All the camps of the park were immediately alerted through a wireless network and a combing operation was launched. Several rounds were fired. But the poachers escaped, after failing to kill the rhino,\" Mangalgoi wildlife divisional forest officer Sushil Kumar Daila said.Daila, who led the operation inside the park, said though the poachers managed to flee, the staff could successfully foil the poaching attempt. \"We, along with police also raided the house of prime suspect Md. Idris under Dalgaon police station. But he was not at home at the time of the raid. But we have stepped up our patrolling as the poachers may try again to sneak in,\" Daila added.A senior Kaziranga park official said poachers are increasingly targeting rhinos that stray outside the park. In the past two months, poachers killed three out of seven rhinos that strayed out of the park. \"We have issued notifications to all nearby forest divisions to take special security measures after recent incidents of rhinos straying out from their respective divisions,\" he added.The staff of Orang were successful in driving back a strayed rhino into the park on Sunday evening. The male rhino strayed outside the park around 4am on Sunday and crossed the Brahmaputra. The animal virtually strayed into a poachers den on the banks of the river.\"After trying all day long, our staff was able to drive back the rhino to the safety of the park through the river route between Ramkong and Bantapu. If the forest officials had not been vigilant, there was every possibility of poachers targeting the rhino,\" Daila added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11609004", "title": "\u2018Best corporator\u2019 may have to forgo claim to home turf", "text": "MUMBAI: After being ranked as the best corporator in Mumbai in a recent survey, Mahim corporator Meena Desai could be asked by the Congress to relinquish claim to her home ward and contest from a neighbouring ward. If denied a party ticket from Mahim, Desai might contest as an independent candidate.Desai is a sitting corporator from ward 182, which extends from Sitladevi Mandir to Hinduja hospital in Mahim. But the Congress now plans to field leader Sada Sarwankar's son Samadhan from Desai's ward. Sarwankar quit the Sena and joined Congress just before the assembly polls in 2009. Another Congressman, Advocate Deepak Talwar, is also in contention.Desai's ward, which was reserved for a woman candidate in the 2007 election, is now open for a general candidate, meaning, any eligible person, male or female, can contest from there. But Desai questions the policy of restricting women to the reserved wards only. \"The entire idea behind increasing the reservation for women was to promote women in politics. If a woman, capable of winning, is denied claim to an open seat, it defeats the very purpose of the move.\" She added, \"I am still confident that the party will consider my candidature. If not, I will have to consider other options for the sake of my voters.\"Congress chief Manikrao Thakre said, \"When the parliamentary board to select candidates meets, it will have to take a policy decision on fielding women from general wards.\"Missive to CMSenior Congress member Ajit Sawant has written to the CM questioning the party's poll strategy and asking why winnable seats were allotted to the NCP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "she has a smouldering, hot aura, which makes men go weak in the knees. but, those who judge oomphy gal shriya saran of sivaji", "code": "11613235", "title": "Don\u2019t ban Rushdie : Shriya Saran", "text": "She has a smouldering, hot aura, which makes men go weak in the knees. But, those who judge oomphy gal Shriya Saran of Sivaji: The Boss fame merely by her looks, are in for a shock.In a candid chat, the actress gets chatty on issues close to her heart.Does it bother you that Salman Rushdie will not be a part of Jaipur literature fest, especially since you are also doing a film based on Rushdie's Midnight's Children, directed by Deepa Mehta... Keeping a man like Salman Rushdie away from the fest is illogical! Look at his body of work! We are the largest democracy in the world, so to take an autocratic view on Rushdie's visit to India is uncalled for! If people's sentiments have been hurt, they have a right to voice them. But don't ban him, please!You had said that Sivaji: the Boss changed your career, but now that you are integral part of Bollywood, do you feel a special connect with Shivaji - the Maratha warrior too? It's really strange, but I find a connect with Shivaji Raje through Rajinikanth. Rajini sir is born a Marathi, he's a superstar in Tamil film industry and a national icon too. He started his life as an ordinary man and reached the pinnacle. This is how Shivaji Raje's life also traversed from common to extraordinary.You have openly admitted that you admire Anna Hazare. Now that his movement has slowed down, do you feel disappointed? Anna comes from a small village and yet he inspired the entire nation to fight the menace of corruption headon. That is not a small achievement. He may have withdrawn in a shell, but at the right time, he will revert to take the battle forward. It's a great honour that he will be watching our film Gali Gali Chor Hai, which deals with corruption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "mansa", "code": "11610014", "title": "Head constable suspended for beating up a woman over theft", "text": "MANSA: A head constable of Mansa Police, who was caught on camera beating up a woman accused of snatching, theft and sale of illicit liquor, has been placed under suspension and departmental action initiated against the SHO. A video footage showed him in uniform while beating up Raj Kaur of Bhundar village at the Bareta police station in Mansa.Raj, 23, was taken to Bareta police station along with another woman, Paramjit Kaur, on Sunday on the complaint of some liquor contractors, said sources. They added that both the women were beaten up in the presence of seniors and lady police officers.\"Police personnel have scant regard for human rights. It is most unfortunate that the woman was beaten up by a cop and the incident cannot be justified at any level even if the woman is guilty,\" said farm union leader Ruldu Singh Mansa.Although Bareta police station officials have denied the incident, Mansa SSP Pardeep Kumar Yadav admitted to seeing the clip. \"On basis of the video footage, Head Constable Balwan Singh has been placed under suspension and departmental proceedings have been initiated against SHO Sikandar Singh.\" An officer of SP rank has been asked to inquire into the matter, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11610898", "title": "Hasan\u2019s plea dismissed", "text": "MUMBAI: The Supreme Court on Thursday dismissed alleged money launderer Hasan Ali Khan's review petition for bail.Khan's review plea was against a September 30 order rejecting his bail plea.The SC said there was no merit in Khan's plea. The Enforcement Directorate arrested Khan in March last year and said he has Rs 38,000 crore in Swiss bank accounts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11609725", "title": "Speeding car runs over cyclist", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 26-year-old labourer returning home from work on his bicycle on Sunday night, was run over by a speeding car on Sola flyover. His brother, who was riding pillion, had to be hospitalized after the incident. Police have traced the car owner and the driver.Sola police said that Lakshman Suthar, a resident of Ajanta Apartment, Thaltej, was working as a labourer on construction sites along with his brother Govind, 23. The duo used to go to Gota Crossroads and work on a construction site. On Sunday, they were returning home at 9.30 pm after completing the day's work.\"When they were riding over Sola flyover, a speeding car came from behind and hit the duo. The impact was such that both of them were flung from the bicycle. Lakshman sustained head injuries and died on the spot, whereas Govind sustained body injuries and was rushed to Sola Civil Hospital by EMRI 108 ,\" said a Sola police official. Investigators said that Govind described the car's number as GJ 1 HF 191. J M Bharwad, in-charge inspector of Sola police station, told TOI that the car belonged to Sanjay Shah, a resident of Paldi, as per Ahmedabad RTO records.\"However, Shah had sold the car to another person some time back. We have obtained the name and address of the car's new owner and the process is on to arrest the person who was driving at the time of accident. The driver has been charged with culpable homicide and rash driving,\" said Bharwad. He said a complaint has been filed against the absconding driver by Jagdish Suthar, Lakshman's brother.Investigators said that despite its accident-prone zone status, the Sola overbridge is an accident hot spot especially during night hours due to less traffic. On an average, Sola police station registers four accidents every month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11609877", "title": "Access to medical colleges' health from Bhopal soon", "text": "BHOPAL: All six government-run medical colleges in the state would be linked to a central server soon. The move will help directorate of medical education to keep online track of activities.Minister for medical education Mahendra Hardia held a meeting with senior medical officials and went through proposals from top IT consulting majors, all pitching for the deal.Under fire for poor attendance and lack of control, the department is considering a proposal. If cleared, the department will get access to all information on medical colleges by its link up to the central server in the state capital.A central website will have information from all medical colleges, including Bhopal, Indore, Rewa, Jabalpur, Sagar, Jabalpur and Gwalior after the implementation of the planA 24x7 system would ensure better management and monitoring, said a senior health department official. The information will be available on each department, number of seats, information about students, faculty and employees, he added.Information on patients administered treatment in medical college- associated hospitals would also be available and monitored, if all goes well. In the long run, the hospitals store would be computerised and linked to the web server.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11610233", "title": "NDMA plans disaster trauma care guidelines", "text": "KOCHI: National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA) will soon come up with guidelines to integrate mental health into disaster management action plan to help people cope up with post-disaster traumatic disorders, said Maj Gen J K Bansal, member, NDMA. NDMA will work with the National Mental Health Programme to ensure trauma health indicators like toxic side-effects, weight gain, psychiatric problems are included during treatment.Almost 60% of the people return to normalcy with a month of a disaster while 30% of the remaining population takes about six months to recover from the shock or tragedy. \"The worst psychosocial impact was recorded during the bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki which incapacitated several generations mentally,\" he said.Delivering the inaugural address at the Indian Global Psychiatric Initiative (IGPI-2012) in Kochi on Tuesday, he quoted instances where people over-reacted out of fear.\"The Sikkimese were unable to sleep following the September 2011 earthquake. They believed that rising number of tourists in the region caused earthquakes!\"Maj Gen Bansal said that during the Tsunami tragedy it was observed that despite the warning of a second Tsunami, people refused to move stating that they had nothing more to lose, having lost relatives and homes. \"We spent some months with the locals and helped them return to a normal life.\" Dr Russel D Souza, president IGPI Australia, Dr John Oldhan, World Psychiatric Association USA, Dr D Natrajan, Dr Prem Nair, Dr Keshavan Kutty and Dr Dinesh Narayanan spoke.Maj Gen Bansal said that it was the responsibility of states to ensure that industries take necessary safety precautions as per NDMA guidelines. He said that after an interaction with stakeholders it was decided that under the NDMA's initiative, vehicle-mounted mobile radiation detection systems will be given to state agencies so that any unusual chemical activity in the air will be immediately detected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11602261", "title": "Aamir Khan to catch cyber chor!", "text": "Apparently, Aamir Khan is quite concerned about the fake posters of Talash that are doing the rounds on the internet.A record number of fake posters and virals have been going under the film's name and this has irked AK. Aamir has hired a specialised US-based foreign cyber agency to investigate.\" Khan's spokesperson confirms, \"We are all concerned about these fake posters.Yes, an online agency has been put on to the job of fact-finding. None of the posters on the net are even remotely close to the actual designs.\" So the Talash for the culprit in on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "11610161", "title": "115 cartons of liquor recovered from Dadri", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: In what may be the biggest liquor haul since 2011, Greater Noida police recovered 115 cartons of Haryana-made liquor from Dadri in the wee hours of Monday. Nine persons have been arrested in this connection and two cars and a tempo in which the liquor was being supplied have been seized. It is learnt that the liquor was being supplied in the run-up to the Assembly elections but cops remained tight-lipped on the matter.According to a senior police official, the incident came to the fore after a police team patrolling in the Dadri area spotted some persons carrying cartons to a house. Suspecting foul play, the cops asked them to open the cartons. On finding that the cartons contained bottles of Haryana-made liquor, the cops informed senior police officials about the incident.\"We have recovered 115 cartons of Haryana-made liquor. All nine accused belong to Faridabad. They used to purchase huge quantities of liquor at cheap rates and sell it at handsome prices in Dadri and other parts of Western UP,\" an investigator said. The police team also recovered two country-made pistols and Rs 80 thousand in cash.Sources said that the liquor was supposed to be distributed among voters but cops refused to comment on the issue. Investigations are on and the reason is yet to be ascertained, said the police.The UP police have already stressed on supplying of liquor from Haryana illicitly. The police had submitted a demand list before the election commission to ensure crime and disturbance free elections. In the demand list the Noida police have demanded closure of all liquor outlets for two days in areas of Haryana and Delhi adjoining the border of Uttar Pradesh on February 27-28 when the state goes to polls. The police have also demanded strict vigil on Delhi and Haryana border areas, from where illegal liquor, weapons and cash are supplied in large quantities to areas in western UP.DIG Jyoti Narayan had said that for UP police illegal supply of liquor and weapons from Haryana is a big headache during the election season. The police have recovered large quantity of liquor made in Haryana as liquor in Haryana is quite cheap in the last few daysUttar Pradesh police had recently seized 3,000 bottles of liquor in boxes meant for school shoes. in the latest expose of poll strategies deployed by politicians in the state to woo voters ahead of elections next month. Cops have said that patrolling will be intensified to curb inflow of illegal liquor and unaccounted money. and random searches will be stepped up, they said. Seizure of unaccounted money and illegal liquor has surged in Uttar Pradesh in the run up to the Assembly elections, with over Rs 27 crore having been seized.Assembly elections 2012 newsUP assembly elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11614659", "title": "Online Education: The Future", "text": "It all started with a few videos that Khan recorded for tutoring his cousin. Little did he know that he would soon be filling in the void that existed amongst those in the need of free quality education. The tremendous popularity of his home videos, eventually led to what is today one of the widely accessed tutorial websites in the worldwww.khanacademy.com. With the support of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and Google Foundation, the academy caters to thousands of students per day providing access to free learning. A study model that allows for tutor support, progress reports and learning curve statistics, makes the website a coveted source of alternate learning for students worldwide.Q: The advent of online educational innovations has been very impactful towards creating avenues to quality education for students. What is its future?Ans: We believe this is a unique time that will drive a transformative shift in how people learn. For the first time, with a cheap laptop or tablet device and an internet connection, a user can have access to the worlds information. Moores law is driving this cost down at an exponential rate, it is foreseen that the technology cost will be attainable for the majority of the world. In the future, people will view access to a world-class education as a fundamental human right. We are trying to ensure that the barriers to this sector are as minimal as possible, and content itself should be free, given the virtually negligible cost to deliver.Q: Can online study replace classroom education?Ans: Our vision is for self-paced, individualised and mastery-based learning for students. Access and content are incredibly important; however, this does not diminish the importance of the teacher. A great teacher or mentor will always be ideal to cultivate a students learning to its maximum potential. With online access and content, the teachers role will shift from being the content deliverer to more of a mentor and coach. The dynamic of what happens with teachers will change, and we have seen classrooms that online instruction with physical experiences.Q: So do you believe that online education can develop as an alternate medium of study for many students?Ans: Absolutely. Online education is already an alternate medium of study for many students and the demand has been growing internationally. We have volunteer efforts underway to translate our materials into the worlds most spoken languages to increase the accessibility.Q: What is the scope of online education in developing nations such as India?Ans : Looking at the demographics of the developing country populations, it is clear that they are overwhelmingly young. In India, kids under-14 are over 30% of the population. When you look at how the government and private sectors are currently meeting the educational needs of this demographic, there is a huge gap. There are many kids who do not have access to education at all. Technology can bridge this gap by offering an age agnostic solution to motivated learners.As companies experience rapid economic growth, there is often a significant lag in being able to train a new workforce with skills required for the jobs in demand. In the past, scaling these efforts was incredibly resource intensive and existing institutions have been challenged to match the pace. However, through the internet and computers, scalability is within grasp and budgets without compromising the quality of training provided.We have seen wonderful examples of grassroots efforts too. Nomadedu.org is bringing online education to Mongolia in wireless backpacks by creating localised education hotspots. Kids in the grasslands of Mongolia are listening to Khan Academy videos on Newtonian physics.Q: Do you see the internet as medium of innovation or a tool of revolutions?Ans: Both. The internet has enabled so much transformation it has brought about new ways of communicating, interacting and bringing people together like never before; in areas like education, it is serving as a means to change a sector that has not fundamentally changed in over a hundred years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11610646", "title": "HC reprieve for 39 \u2018polluting\u2019 buildings", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court has granted relief to 39 malls, commercial buildings and residential complexes that were fined by the Delhi Pollution Control Committee (DPCC) for causing air and water pollution.A division bench comprising Justice Pradeep Nandrajog and Justice Pratibha Rani upheld a single judge's order and said the DPCC has no power to levy penalties in case it comes across any violations. If the violations are not corrected despite DPCC's inspection, the latter can file criminal complaints against the violators in court, HC said.HC was hearing an appeal filed by DPCC after it lost the case before a single judge. The board had slapped notices to most of the leading builders and realtors in the city for erecting commercial and residential complexes in violation of sections of Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, and Environment (Protection) Act.On their part, the builders defended their case, claiming they were not covered under these laws and DPCC illegally levied fine on them. Some of the prominent names against whom the DPCC notices were quashed include DLF Saket, Vasant Kunj Mall, Splendor Forum, TDI Mall at Rajouri Garden and Galleria Shopping Mall at Mayur Vihar.\"The power to issue directions under the Water Act and the power to issue directions under the Air Act doesn't confer the power to levy any penalty ...only courts can take cognizance of offences under the Act and levy penalties, role of pollution control boards is to initiate proceedings before the court of competent jurisdiction and no more,\" the division bench added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11601858", "title": "I would love to play a Mother India: Mona Singh", "text": "Mona Singh talks about her return to fiction shows in a candid chat with Neha MaheshwriYou have lost weight... It's good to be fit and look good especially when you are a part of the glamour industry. For Punjabis like me, we have to work a little harder on our body. I have lost 10 kilos over a period of one year.Why weren't you seen in fiction shows all this while? Jassi Jaisi Koi Nahi was the ultimate for me. People only addressed me as Jassi, long after the show was over. I took to reality shows to break that image so that people start knowing me as Mona. It wasn't a deliberate decision.But now you are playing mother to three kids... I played a pregnant woman in 3 Idiots so it doesn't matter and I would love to play a Mother India also. I am an actor and it's very good to play different kind of roles. This is like a training for me which would come handy when I get married and become a mother in real life. Also, when I was playing Jassi, so many actors half my age in Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi were playing mothers to 20 or 30-year-old actors. Here, at least I am playing mother to much younger kids.Do you think staying away from fiction will hamper your performance, since you have lost touch? It's good to lose touch as you get to re-learn the thing. I like the freshness and rawness of the character. There is no typical drama and crying in my show.What experience do you have working with kids on the show? Kids teach you a lot patience. While on the show one is cranky, the second one is sleepy and the third one wants to go back home.Do you think you will be able to repeat the success of Jassi? I will give my best shot and leave the rest to destiny. This show is very promising which showcases a marriage after 10 years and has also made me realise that I enjoy acting more than hosting.What's your take on the institution of marriage? I believe in marriage as an institution and I would love to have my own kids but then everything happens with time. I don't plan things but rather wait for them to unfold.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11610261", "title": "State plays Malayalam card as NOC bait", "text": "KOCHI: The state government order (GO 183/11) issued by the General Education department making Malayalam compulsory for all schools in the state, irrespective of their affiliation has triggered a wave of confusion among the CBSE, ICSE school managements in the state.Schools are in a tizzy working the permutations and combinations of including one more language into the curriculum.The GO which clearly mandates that the rules should be implemented under the Right To Education Act, failing which the No Objection Certificate could be withdrawn from the schools that fail to implement the directives. Several schools who have applied for NOC have given written undertaking promising that the rule will be implemented in the new school from day one.While the CBSE rules states that Hindi must be the first or the second language in their schools, the entry of Malayalam into that spot makes three languages a must till Class VIII.\"We have to follow the rule because the state government has made it mandatory. So all children will learn Malayalam in the primary classes while in the secondary section, we will give a written affidavit to the CBSE stating that the non-Malayali speaking child had to learn Malayalam as second because of the government order and hence Hindi or Sanskrit will be the third language, depending on what he or she opts,\" says T P M Ibrahim Khan, president, All Kerala CBSE Schools Association.Meanwhile the schools have been organising meetings with their teachers, the broad plan of most schools is to have Malayalam as the second language from Class II-V and Hindi will be the third language.From Class VI, those who want to study Sanskrit or Hindi as third language will have to take Malayalam non-detail (part-2) as the second language.\"We are in a dilemma about Sanskrit as it is part of the Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan's mandate to support Sanskrit as it is part of the Indian culture.We also have an all-India exam for Sanskrit. So we will work out a schedule wherein students interested in studying the subject will be given a chance to study it,\" said E Ramankutty, Director, Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan, Kochi Kendra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "11609860", "title": "6 killed, 20 injured in road accident", "text": "MALDA: Six persons were killed and 20 injured when a Balurghat-Durgapur bus was hit by a truck on National Highway 34 on Monday. While five people were killed on spot, one succumbed to his injuries on the way to Malda district hospital. Traffic on the highway was paralyzed for two hours after the accident.Transport minister rushed to Malda hospital to see the victims. Around 7.30am on Monday, the SBSTC bus was headed towards Malda when it got hit near Ghaskol village. The accident occurred at a spot where the road had become a bottleneck due to repair work.While the driver and the assistant of the lorry managed to escape, the 40-odd passengers were taken to Ghaskol hospital. The critically injured were later referred to Malda hospital.Mitra has announced Rs 50,000 for each of the deceased and Rs 10,000 each for the injured. District Trinamool leader Dulal Sarkar also said that the party would give Rs 10,000 to each of the victims.Minister Sabitri Mitra and MLA Krishnendu Choudhury were among others who visited the hospital. Talking to media, Mitra said, \"It is not the priority to find out the reason behind the accident. Rather, we have to see that the injured recover soon.\"However, victims and eye witnesses alleged that the bus was being driven rashly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11611235", "title": "Govt not able to justify scrapping of post: HC", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tamil Nadu government lost yet another legal battle in the Madras high court on Monday when its order abolishing the 12,618 Makkal Nala Paniyalargal (welfare workers) posts was quashed by a single judge.Justice K Suguna, ordering the immediate reinstatement of all the workers, said the government order dated November 8, 2011 had been issued due to \"political and extraneous considerations.\" \"Unfortunately, the government had not brought before this court any record to substantiate the reason mentioned in the order and no argument was also advanced by the advocate-general with regard to this,\" she said.Noting that it was a serious humanitarian problem and that 12,618 employees could not be sent home abruptly overnight, Justice Suguna said: \"Viewing from any angle, a perusal of the details reveals that the stand of the counsel for the petitioners that the order had been passed for political reasons has to be accepted.\" Appointed on contract basis, welfare workers, two in each village panchayat, are supposed to monitor implementation of the government's welfare schemes. The judge referred to the fact that the posts were first created by the DMK government in 1989, and were abolished by the subsequent AIADMK government in 1991. The posts were created again in 1997 when the DMK returned to power, only to be scrapped by the AIADMK government in 2001. Again the DMK restored the posts and re-appointed the workers in 2006, and the present AIADMK government disbanded them in 2011.Noting that theses details clearly revealed that the reasons for the disbandment of the posts were political, Justice Suguna said: \"A political party assuming power is entitled to engraft the political philosophy behind the party. But, in the matter of execution of a decision taken by the previous government which does not involve any political philosophy, the successive government is duty-bound to continue the same rather than put an end to that.\"When it is brought to the notice of the court that for extraneous considerations and political reasons, orders are repeatedly passed so as to affect more than 12,000 employees, the court certainly has to look into the matter and see whether the abolition of posts is justified, Justice Suguna observed.Once a budget sanction is made for a particular post, then it will get its sanctity on a par with other regular posts, she said, reiterating her conclusion that the government had not been able to justify the abolition of posts with right reasons.The judge also pointed out that the workers had been involved in polio prevention camps, AIDS awareness camps, cattle census, assisting disabled persons and monitoring implementation of various schemes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11610130", "title": "Strikes make male nurses castaways", "text": "KOCHI: The strike by nurses across the country for better pay and other benefits seem to have taken a toll on the prospects of male nurses. Blaming them for inciting agitations, the private hospital managements are now ticking off the names of male nurses from their employee list. The worst-affected are those working in cities such as Delhi, Mumbai, and Kolkata.Many of them from Kerala have already returned home as they had signed bonds giving the management the right to sack them without notice. The situation is no different in the state where male nurses add up to 5% of the total nursing population. Recently a multi-specialty hospital in the state capital advertised in the media with a footnote forbidding the male nurses from applying for vacancies. Two major hospitals in Kochi too have given red card to male nurses.According to S V Biju, programme chairperson of Trained Nurses Association of India, Kerala branch, since almost all hospitals outside the state insist on signing bonds, many male nurses have lost their jobs after the strikes began. \"There is a general notion that male nurses are instrumental in precipitating strikes,\" he said.The nationwide strike had also made ripples in the state. Nurses from hospitals in Kollam, Kochi, and Thrissur agitated against exploitation by hospital managements. Last week, the nurses of Little Flower Hospital in Angamaly too came out in protest against the management's move to deny employment after training.Sobin Jose, a resident of Cherthala who lost his job in a private hospital in Delhi, has looking for employment in the state. But the hospitals in state too are not keen in hiring male nurses. \"I tried many hospitals in Kochi, but all private institutions now prefer female nurses,\" said Sobin. He is now trying for a job with the Co-operative Medical College. \"If I do not succeed in that, I will try a job abroad,\" he said.Many male nurses who were waiting for a job offer after clearing their interviews are now getting rejection slips from the hospital managements. For nursing students who spend Rs 4-6 lakh for their BSc nursing courses, this is bad news. The only alternative for them is to seek job in the government sector.Meanwhile, the hospital managements in the state have denied any such discrimination. \"We have not taken any decision against employing male nurses. In our meetings many said that male nurses are behind the strikes,\" said Husain Koya Thangal, state general secretary of the Kerala Private Hospitals' Association. He said that hospitals cannot do without male nurses as their services are required mainly in post-operative wards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11611037", "title": "Erratic winter puts city in sick bay", "text": "MUMBAI: Fluctuating temperatures have been making Mumbaikars sicker than usual this winter. City doctors claim they are getting more patients of viral infection, high blood pressure and complicated chest infections, than is normal every winter.The difference between day-time and night-time temperatures has been more than 16 degrees on most days this season, while temperature fluctuations above 15 degrees in a day are considered harmful to the human body.Explaining the phenomenon, doctors say that a body takes time to get used to the sudden temperature changes. \"The microscopic tissues that help in secretion of the lung's lining and humidify the respiratory tree, need acclimatization,\" said Dr Hemant Thacker, who consults at Jaslok and Breach Candy Hospitals. \"Because of the sudden change in weather every two days, these tissues frequently close and open up, leading to infections,\" he explains.So not only is the weather conducive for viruses, but the human body too reacts to the temperature fluctuations. \"The body gets chills in the night, huddles in the blankets early in the morning and sheds of extra layers of clothes by afternoon. The body's thermal and bio-thermal metabolism thus gets affected. The arteries thus expand, increasing the blood pressure, and also causing more heart attacks this winter,\" said Dr Thacker.Doctors say Mumbaikars are not getting enough time to adapt to not only the fluctuating temperatures, but also the sudden spells of cold that have been attacking the city frequently. \"First of all, the city doesn't see much of a winter usually. So Mumbaikars are not used to the cold weather,\" said Dr Shahid Barmare, consultant physician with Kohinoor Hospital at Kurla.\"We have been seeing an exceptional number of viral infection cases-especially more complicated ones amongst those who already suffer from chronic respiratory illnesses,\" he said. This kind of an effect may not be seen in Western countries and hill stations, say doctors, where it is always cold.\"We see an increase in the number of viral cases every year during winters. But this year, we are not only seeing about 15% more patients of viral infections, but also bad cases of bacterial infections . Those patients who already have asthma or bronchitis, are coming with a lot of other problems like congested chest, fever and chills. Many patients who come with pneumonia have to be admitted as well,\" said Dr Khusrav Bajan, intensivist at Hinduja Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "rishikesh", "code": "11610743", "title": "Uttarakhand polls: Rahul rakes up corruption during Nishank's tenure", "text": "RISHIKESH: Two days after Congress chief Sonia Gandhi questioned BJP's effort to take the high moral ground over corruption by flaunting the appointment of a \"clean\" B C Khanduri as chief minister, party general secretary sought to further undercut the saffron party's morality plank by highlighting alleged corruption during the tenure of Ramesh Pokhariyal Nishank.Picking on Nishank, Khanduri's predecessor, Rahul blamed the former chief minister for squandering Rs 620 crore allocated by the UPA government in 2010 for the three-month-long Mahakumbh. \"He squandered the money in the name of the Ganga.\" \"BJP had to replace Pokhriyal with Khanduri to cover up its scams over the years. Just by changing CMs your scams are not buried.\" BJP, he said, was projecting Khanduri as its future CM saying: \"Khanduri Jaroori hai\". \"But if Khanduri is the BJP's requirement, why did the party sack him?\"Addressing an impressive gathering at the Bharat Mandir Intermediate College Ground here,- his first poll rally in the state- the Congress general secretary said: \"This is a democratically-elected government and it doesn't deserve to be re-elected for its misdoings.He invoked the national pride and heritage associated with the holy river saying the BJP government had squandered money allocated to it to organize the Mahakumbh in 2010 on the banks of this great river.Congress president Sonia Gandhi had set the aggressive tone of her party's campaign in the hill state some days ago. She delivered a hard-hitting speech at Roorkee, saying corruption had touched such an all-time high in Uttarakhand that the government had been forced to change chief ministers. But even after such a drastic step, the taint of corruption remains.Rahul built further on his mother's argument, escalating the offensive against BJP over alleged corruption under Nishank. He invoked the national pride and heritage associated with the holy river saying the BJP government squandered money allocated to it to organize the Mahakumbh in 2010 on the banks of the river.The Congress heir apparent cited instances of corruption: He said the government had encouraged scandals in mining and in the allotment of 56 hydropower projects. He named a company and claimed it had been allowed to change land use of 30 acres at Rishikesh in the name of development.Rahul kept the aggression going : \"After denying people of their dues and exploiting them, the BJP government has lost its right to rule. Do they have the face to go back to the people and ask for votes?\" Rahul attacked BJP central leadership on the Jan Lokpal Bill blaming it for murdering the constitutional Jan Lokpal bill to eradicate corruption.Uttarakhand Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11611405", "title": "Kerala port project aims to marry history, tourism", "text": "CHENNAI: Even as Tamil Nadu struggles to save its history with the government considering the demolition of the fireravaged Kalas Mahal in Chepauk Palace in Chennai, Kerala is hoping to create a happy marriage of heritage and tourism around an ancient port in Ernakulam district.Once an ambitious project takes off, Muziris will not only draw tourists but also play up the port's role in strengthening trade between Indians and Romans. Apart from being Kerala's first sustainable tourism project, Muziris is also about heritage conservation, said conservation architect Benny Kuriakose at the Municipalika meet on 'Good Urban Governance for Safe, Healthy, Green, Inclusive and Smart Cities'.As a consultant to the Kerala government, Kuriakose helped draw up the plan for Muziris, one of the biggest conservation projects in India. The port is 25km north of Kochi. \"The project is integrated with the rest of the development plans of the area, which stretches across two districts,\" he said in his presentation on 'Vibrant Cities - Living Heritage'.Nineteen departments have been working on it. Muziris has one of the first mosques and the first synagogue in India. Along with excavations to unearth the rest of Muziris, there will be 25 museums. \"There are more than 100 monuments in the area and the government is restoring many,\" said Kuriakose.An important aspect is including the local population. \"We will create jobs, whether operating country boats as water taxis or arranging bicycle tours,\" he said. Kerala is focusing on sustainable tourism after it realised that seaside towns Kovalam and Varkala are declining. \"They didn't want to make the same mistakes. There will be no land acquisition to build five star hotels,\" he said. It will also develop three markets in Paliyam, Kottappuram and Paravur. Meanwhile, conservation is going on at Paliam Dutch palace and Paravur Jewish synagogue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "aquestion that is frequently asked by the parents of young children is", "code": "11610827", "title": "The chocolate bank approach", "text": "Aquestion that is frequently asked by the parents of young children is: How do we teach a child about the value of money and which is the right age to discuss the subject. The standard answer is that irrespective of their age, children today are already exposed to money-all the time, through media, through daily transactions with goods and services.Money is not just a currency of exchange, but an important factor underlying people's lives, decisions, conversations and choices. Therefore, the child understands the power of money, says financial planner Gaurav Mashruwala. She or he starts believing that money can buy most things, especially given the onslaught of advertising.Most parents believe that exposure to money means discussing banking, investment, stocks, etc. However, money is about so much more-discipline, gratification, patience and value.In reality, there are four aspects of money-income, expenses, assets (investments) and liabilities (borrowing), says Mashruwala. A child needs to be exposed to all these aspects in a systematic manner. The right age to expose a child to money management is the day the child learns to spend money. \"The day you give your child currency to purchase a toy or a chocolate, ask him or her to make a note of it. Their budget writing habit should begin from there.\"Mashruwala says he has given his daughter a 'chocolate bank' . This is like a piggy bank. Every time she gets a chocolate, it has to be deposited in this bank. She can eat chocolates twice a week from the bank.\"She observes chocolates piling up when deposited and reducing in number when withdrawn . This will help in teaching her the concept of fund inflow and outflow in the future . Thirdly she has two piggy banks. In one bank she deposits currency notes, which she receives from elders on festivals and other auspicious occasions. This piggy bank is in the shape of a bus. The story that has been told to her is that the bus is going to the bank. Therefore, all currency notes in her bus piggy bank goes to her bank account. By the way she had her first bank account when she was 12 days old. Another piggy bank is a transparent glass bottle into which she deposits her coins. Next to the jar is a picture of an object-usually a toy-that she wants to purchase with her savings.\"This, says Mashruwala, is to help her set financial goals. The piggy bank is transparent, and she sees the pile of coins growing when she deposits it and the pile reducing when she takes it out.Since his daughter was born on December 18, on the 18th of every month, she gets to purchase a gift of her choice. There is no other buying allowed the rest of the month. This brings in discipline .\"If she wants a larger gift then she has to miss gifts for onetwo months-so that she understands delayed gratification. She also observes me and my wife write our daily expenses. All kids want to imitate their parents. Remember the cardinal rule: Practise what you preach. If you are not fiscally disciplined, don't expect your kids to be.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "11610939", "title": "China cops fire on Tibetans, 1 dead", "text": "BEIJING: Police opened fire on Tibetan protesters killing one person and injuring another in China's Sichuan province on Monday, according to a London based pro-Tibet group and Tibetan government-in-exile in India.There was no official confirmation from the Chinese government about the demonstration and police firing in Sichuan, which has seen over a dozen cases of self-immolation by Tibetan monks in recent months.\"The Tibetan parliament is deeply aggrieved by the incidents and condemns the Chinese authorities for resorting to such drastic acts of force and repression,\" the Dalai Lama backed government-in-exile said in a statement from Dharamshala.The government-in-exile said a man named Yonten was killed in the firing and his body was reportedly taken to a nearby monastery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11613523", "title": "Mamata Banerjee, Jairam Ramesh avoid each other", "text": "Kolkata: Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee is no mood to patch up with big brother Congress. She has no intention of meeting Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh who has come to Bengal for a three day visit, acting as an emissary of the Congress.The Trainmool Congress supremo's relationship with her UPA ally has soured over the last one month with local leaders from both parties not seeing each other eye-to-eye. Matters worsened with Mamata herself hitting out at the Congress - even accusing it of ganging up with the opposition CPM - in a media conference at the state secretariat.Congress' Manoj Chakraborty reacted vehemently to the accusations and was punished by Mamata in the recent cabinet reshuffle where Chakraborty was stripped of two departments without any warning. The minister of state protested at Writers' Buildings itself and tendered his resignation from the state cabinet. The Congress high command gave him a go-ahead and preferred not to replace him with any other minister, thus, sending out strong signals about its displeasure to Mamata.Jairam's visit doesn't seem to have done anything to ease the stalemate. The chief minister deliberately kept herself busy with a schedule that clashed with Ramesh's and there is no way the two can accommodate each other even for a brief meeting. Ramesh is supposed to visit Bankura and Purulia on Tuesday. On Monday, both Mamata and Ramesh were in town, but the chief minister had her panchayat and rural development minister Subrata Mukherjee meet him in Kolkata. Both Mamata and Ramesh carefully avoided each other in paying their respects to Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose on the occasion of his birthday on Monday.Even at a public meeting the same day, Mamata lambasted the Congress-led UPA government for depriving Bengal of the special fiscal package, promised by the Centre. Sources at Writers' Buildings said that Ramesh had sought to meet the chief minister on Wednesday, but Mamata has chosen to take a flight to Manipur that day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11616265", "title": "Moral rules from religious texts are horrific: Richard Dawkins", "text": "JAIPUR: A session that argued in favour of atheism and questioned the existence of a divine creator was not, as some believers might have hoped, struck down by the wrath of God. Would it have made a convert of evolutionary biologist, Richard Dawkins ? We wouldn't know. But in the absence of any divine arbitration, what we did learn was that the scientist's evolutionary and cultural theories as expostulated in his famous books, The Selfish Gene, The Blind Watchmaker and The God Delusion, could be very persuasive indeed.\"We still don't know what exactly happened at the time of the Big Bang, 13.72 billion years ago. Cosmologists and physicists now have good ideas which are yet to be proved definitely, that the whole universe came into being as a quantum event out of literally nothing,\" he said. \"This leaves religion with nowhere to go. Because however difficult it may be to explain the origin of the cosmos, it would be even more difficult to explain the origin of a designer who made the cosmos. So you have absolutely nothing to gain by postulating any kind of intelligent designer, because that simply evades the question we're trying to solve. If you want to believe in some kind of god, don't look to science.\" There were cheers from the rationalists at this point.Dawkins then went on to discuss the development of contemporary ethics and morals, suggesting they were progressions independent of religion. \"The moral rules that you get from the religious texts of Christianity, Judaism and Islam, are in many ways horrific. You have to cherry-pick to find a few nice verses in your holy books. And you cherry-pick by virtue of the modern, liberal, enlightened ethics we've all developed by secular means. If we actually look at where we get our ethics and morals come from, we notice a very significant thing. That here, at the beginning of the 21st century, we have ethics and morals that are labeled as 21st century values - we now condemn slavery and racism, and regard cruelty as beyond the pale - very different from 18th century morals. We are 21st century ethicists whether we are religious or not. It has nothing to do with religion. We are getting our morals and ethical values from somewhere which is not religious. I could list various possibilities of where these ethics are coming from: secular moral philosophy, secular jurisprudence, from conversations, journalism and dinner table conversations.\"Further along, Dawkins proceeded to offer the evolutionary explanation for altruism, the holding theory of The Selfish Gene, suggesting that virtues like goodness, cooperation, giving and so on, came from two main sources: reciprocation (the hope for 'good' returns) and kinship (a genetic predisposition). It explains why the prodigal son was thrown a party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11609828", "title": "Woman commits suicide", "text": "PATNA: A married woman, Dharmshila Devi (23), committed suicide by hanging herself from the ceiling of her room with the help of a rope at Khalasi Tola under Alamganj police station late on Sunday night.The police said that the deceased's brother, Hare Ram Singh, a native of Mokama in Patna district, however, lodged an FIR with the police station concerned alleging that his sister's in-laws had hanged her from the ceiling. He alleged that his sister, a mother of eleven-month-old child, was married to Rajukant Sharma in 2003 and her in-laws were harassing her for dowry.The police said that Sharma, an employee in a private company, has been arrested. Raids were on to arrest the other family members who are evading arrest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11611324", "title": "Unrecognized private schools: Notices issued", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A local court on Monday issued summons to education secretary, director public instruction (schools) and district education officer over a petition against UT education department's failure to obtain declarations and applications from private schools, which are necessary for them to be recognized by authorities.Advocate Pankaj Chandgothia had filed the case on Friday. Judge Gurpratap Singh allowed the application under Section 91 of the Code of Civil Procedure, which relates to public nuisance.Notices have also been issued to the president of the Independent Schools' Association, Ankur Nursery School, St John's High School, New Public School, Shivalik Public School and St Stephen's School. The petition also sought that the information regarding these applications and declarations should also be put in the public domain.Court held that the department's negligence was likely to affect people at large and therefore the petitioners were allowed to bring up the issues raised in the case in public interest, though they were not personally affected by the matter.The court also exempted the petitioner from the requirement of serving the mandatory 60-day notice under Section 80 of the Code of Civil Procedure and allowed the case to be registered.In his petition, Chandgothia said, \"Many problems are being faced by the public, due to the non-implementation and non-adherence to the laid down rules. Enforcement authorities are adopting a lackadaisical attitude to the provisions. They are hand-in-glove with private schools and allowing them to flourish and operate, even though they do not conform to the mandatory legal requirements.\"He gave the example of Ankur Nursery School, which has been functioning for a few years without recognition and despite non-fulfillment of norms. Chandgothia added that recognitions granted to various other private schools also expired as per the information available on the public domain website of education department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "11609963", "title": "Fresh snowfall paralyzes Kinnaur", "text": "SHIMLA: Kalpa and its adjoining areas on Monday received fresh spell of snowfall, which added to the problems of people residing in the tribal Kinnaur district. Kalpa town recorded 5.7 cm of fresh snow even as water supply was badly affected in the town due to frozen pipes.After witnessing sunshine for two days, Kinnaur witnessed fresh spell of snowfall on Sunday which aggravated problems for the people residing in remote areas of the district. Power supply to many parts of the district also remained disrupted. Villagers of Nathpa panchayat even held protest demonstration against the failure of the state government to provide them uninterrupted power and water two days back.According to sources, despite two power projects in the area, people are forced to reel under darkness for last many days. Nathpa panchayat president Jai Ram Negi said after protest demonstration, power supply has been restored to Nathpa village while other villages are still facing the problem.\"It is ironic that the state government though makes tall claims of providing good governance, but crumbling infrastructure in snow-bound tribal areas proves that disaster management programme of the government has failed to ensure foolproof arrangements for winter months,\" said Jagat Singh Negi, former MLA and district Kinnaur Congress president. He said there are reports that water is being sold at Reckong Peo, which was unheard of in the district.Snow has also halted traffic on many link roads in the district. Congress leaders claimed that in Sangla valley people have been forced to travel in taxis as government buses are not being plied for last many days. \"Around 14 villages of Bhava valley are reeling under darkness for last many days, which proves failure of the district administration and the state government as people are forced to face spine-chilling cold without power and heating appliances,\" said Negi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11609234", "title": "Flying squad seizes illegal arms", "text": "LUCKNOW: As many as 42 FIRs were lodged in 2,066 matters pertaining to violation of the model code of conduct on Monday. Similarly, police seized 91 illegal fire arms and 106 cartridges in the action taken by the enforcement squad of the excise department. 5,408 litres of illegal liquor was recovered in Lalitpur, Moradabad and Varanasi. Besides, cash worth Rs 5.20 lakh was seized by the flying squad, said joint chief electoral officer Anita C Meshram.She said that 28 FIRs were lodged on Monday in 40 matters relating to the misuse of red and blue beacon lights. Similarly, five FIRs were lodged in six matters regarding using loudspeakers in public meetings without obtaining prior permission from the district authorities. She said, \"As many as 238 units manufacturing illegal fire arms were seized by the police.\"Meanwhile, the Election Commission (EC) has given permission to national political parties for using 40 star campaigners, while registered unrecognised political parties have been allowed to use 20 star campaigners.Anita Meshram said that as per the directives of the Election Commission, if any political party, under its canvassing campaign, gets published or telecast any appeal alongwith the photograph of its leader, without any reference to the party candidate, in print/electronic media, then the expenses incurred in such advertisements would be entered in the accounts of the concerning political party.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11611195", "title": "Hat-trick hope spurs Ibobi for 3-cornered fight in Thoubal", "text": "Thoubal is in the thick of electioneering with chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh locked in a three-cornered fight with BJP candidate, Oinam Indira, and Trinamool Congress nominee A K Manglemjao. While Congress candidate Ibobi is hopeful of a hat-trick from this constituency, which has returned him twice to power in insurgency-hit Manipur in a decade, the BJP has fielded a woman to take on the might of the CM.In both the elections in the past, Ibobi was way ahead of his opponents. Thoubal has 10 seats out of a total 60. The Congress has fielded candidates in all the 60 seats.Apart from being a Congress stronghold, Thoubal is replete with history. It scripted one of the most momentous historical episodes of Manipur when the state fought its last war of independence against the mighty British in 1891 in the Khongjom area.But Ibobi rival Indira is determined to snatch this constituency from the chief minister this time. \"I know it is a tough task and perhaps the biggest challenge in my political career, but I am going to put up a tough fight and take it as a mission. I want to change the face of the constituency. I don't want Ibobi, who jumped from his native Khanabok constituency to join the fray, to succeed this time,\" said the 42-year-old saffron party nominee.Indira's campaign cry is progress and development. She said, \"The difference between him and me is that he uses muscle and money power, while I use love, sympathy and sincere promises.\" Ibobi, however, is calm and not perturbed by his critics, so confident he is of scoring a hat-trick. He said the good work of his government (read development) will get reflected in the mandate.The saffron party, which suffered a humiliating defeat with all its candidates biting the dust in the last Manipur assembly polls (2007), feels Indira commands a good chance of winning. Of the 19 candidates it has fielded, it exuded strong confidence of winning in not less than 10 seats.All top national leaders of the likes of Prakash Javadekar (spokesperson), Najma Heptullah (vice-president), Tapir Gao (general secretary) and Bollywood dream girl Hema Malini (vice-president) were flown in woo voters.Out of a total of 27,169 voters in Thoubal, around 5,000 are Meitei Pangals (Manipuri Muslims) with 4,059 of them living in Moijing and the rest in Keli Makhong.On Thursday, Hema Malini visited Ningombam village, which saw a record turnout of Meitei Pangals, mostly women from Moijing. \"We have come here to show our support for Indira and the BJP and also to see Hema Malini. We see a bright future for Thoubal in Indira,\" said Tahera Begum, a Moijing resident.Ibobi was nonplussed when informed that Hema Malini was campaigning in Thoubal constituency. He smile back and said: \"Anyone can go anywhere to campaign in elections. This is democracy.\"The saffron party made its debut in the Manipur elections in 1995 with the win of the late Elangbam Kunjakishore from Yaiskul. Later, the BJP won six and five seats in the 2000 and 2002 elections respectively before it was humbled in the 2007 polls.Indira, who runs an NGO dealing with socio-economic matters, said she chose the BJP as it is a disciplined party and holds out the promise of taking the nation forward on all fronts. \"If I am elected, I will go to every locality of this constituency and discuss development plans with the people. I will seek the advise of everyone,\" she said, adding, \"I would also seek a separate budget for women and children's development programmes.\"Election 2012 NewsManipur Assembly Election 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "barabanki/sitapur", "code": "11609332", "title": "Story Of Unequal Development", "text": "BARABANKI/SITAPUR: Unlike most villages where political discourse revolves around caste and community, in Barabanki's Mohammadpur, the epicentre of discussion is development. \"Vikas bada mudda hai is baar,\" Dhaniram, a local resident said, leafing through the election page of a local daily and sipping tea at a roadside dhaba. Ask him whether there has been adequate development in his village, and the 45-year-old said, \"Apni aankho se dekh lijiye.\" (See it with your own eyes).Mohammadpur could be termed as a model village; but that is because it has been accorded Ambedkar village status. It has concrete link roads connected with brick by-lanes and houses built under the state government-run Indira Awas Yojana. Most households have proper toilets; the village has primary schools, a Panchayat bhavan, India Mark-II hand pumps and uninterrupted electricity supply. A rural settlements with a majority dalit population, Mohammadpur is one of the many selected by the state government for all-round development. In addition to the infrastructure development, if a village scores good on 13 parameters, also giving pensions to widows and the elderly, it was declared an Ambedkar village. With an average spend of Rs 3.5 crores per village, the scheme began under Chief Minister Mayawati's reign in 1995. So far, 19,176 villages in UP have been accorded this status.What's significant is that Jatavs and Raidas, key Scheduled Castes inhabitants of Mohammadpur, appear satisfied with the work that done in their village. Naunilal and Maya Devi, a 70-year-old dalit couple who sell corn and rice puffs say they are thankful to Mayawati. \"The problem of waterlogging near my house was solved after a pucca road was built,\" Naunilal said. \"An electricity pole has also come up near my house,\" Maya Devi added.For Mithlesh Kumari, newly wedded to Mohammadpur's Devendra Kumar, getting a chance to live in a pucca house is the biggest boon. Ever since she moved in with her in-laws, the frequency of her visits to her native place has reduced. \"Devendra Kumar's house is just too comfortable. I don't feel at ease in the thatched hut where my parents live,\" Mithlesh said. Now, others in the village are hopeful that they can be next in line for concrete roofs over their heads. \"Hamra number bhi ayega,\" Raj Kumar said.However, everyone is not so lucky. Some Ambedkar villages also have mud-filled roads, where the drainage system is still defunct. In Gonda Kochwa village, residents cannot stop complaining. \"During rains, the village becomes a hell. No one has come to helps us,\" Doodhnath, a resident, said. In many places, houses constructed under the Indira Awas Yojana are still incomplete. \"My brother was given an Indira Awas in 2004. Its roof, though, has still not been laid. Despite the house, my brother lives with his family of 7 in a thatched hut that erodes and collapses during every rainy season,\" said Jagdish Prasad.India Mark-II hand pumps are now lying defunct and dry. Complaints about contaminated water are quite common. Poor drainage has only added to their woes. \"None of what an Ambedkar village should have got has come to us,\" villagers said.Sitapur's Hamirpur village is another Ambedkar village waiting for a development-oriented makeover. \"Several projects were initiated but most are still incomplete. From rural electrification, to construction of link roads and Indira Awas houses, work is still half-done,\" said Nandlal. Here, only a handful of homes have proper toilets. The road leading to Ram Rani's house needs desperate attention, while other villagers alleged no one from their village gets elderly and widows pensions. And there's only one developmental activity the village can boast of in a decade-the addition of an upper primary school.If Ambedkar villages can claim neglect, development schemes have nearly failed to permeate into most of the ordinary villages in Uttar Pradesh. In Sitapur's Biswa assembly segment, Akbarpur is one such example. Link roads may be in order, but they are interspersed with mud-filled patches. Only four hand pumps serve 500-people strong population and women must walk half a kilometre for safe drinking water. \"Apart from these hand pumps, there are no other sources of water in the village,\" Ramrati, a woman who makes four trips for enough drinking water for her 13-member joint family, said. A primary school exists, but attendance, locals say, is poor. \"More working hands mean more food. Those who can't work in the fields, mind younger siblings at home,\" said Rajrani, whose daughters help her with farm work.Unemployment is another big concern plaguing the residents of Akbarpur. Sanjay, 20, survives on temporary jobs in agricultural farms or at construction sites. It was the same issue that residents of Hardoi's Jamnipur village raised when they boycotted the Lok Sabha election in 2009.\"We protested the government apathy towards development in our village. It's another thing that nothing changed,\" said Rajeshwari Devi, the pradhan of Akbarpur village. Health care services in the region are equally poor. With no health services within 40-kilometre radius of their village, local say they are compelled to go to Lucknow for treatment and emergencies. \"We have to go to Lucknow or Hardoi's district hospital for treatment,\" Gulaba Devi said.Similarly, in Taliyan Purva of Gonda and Chutka Dehi villages of Shrawasti, metalled roads are an uncommon sight. District headquarters are at least 50 kilometres away in both cases, a fact that keeps people away, except in cases of emergencies. Caste still reigns supreme here. That's because development, in these parts, is still a distant dream.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11609429", "title": "Tharoor and mayor lock horns over waste issue", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Mayor K Chandrika has not taken kindly to MP Shashi Tharoor's statement that the city corporation has abrogated its responsibility to deal with the garbage crisis.In a statement, the Thiruvananthapuram MP suggested an immediate reopening of the Vilappilsala garbage treatment plant and said the city corporation controlled by the LDF for the past 32 years has failed its people.\"The tragedy is that, during the past three decades, the Corporation has frittered away the advantages of having inherited a fairly well-ordered civic system....The residents of Thiruvananthapuram and its environs are no less civic-minded than those in other cities. It is just that they deserve a corporation in which they have confidence and one which can provide the proper leadership and action,\" he said in a press release.Citing the offer of the Council of Barcelona, for signing a twinning agreement which could have benefitted the city, he said: \"The Corporation let go of opportunities that have arisen to access up-to-date technologies and systems available in other places. If that proposal (twinning agreement) had not been callously brushed aside on purely political considerations, Thiruvananthapuram could have benefitted from expertise and technologies being used in Barcelona for tackling such problems.\"The mayor said Tharoor must be the change he wishes to see. \"I wonder if Tharoor has ever visited Vilappilsala and how does he dispose the waste generated while in his apartment building?Lofty speeches aside, if garbage is playing on his mind then he should consider setting aside some money from his MP's fund to tackle the issue. He has not offered us one rupee.\"Reiterating her stand on the Barcelona twinning project she said: \"Norms have to be followed and we needed a green signal from the Union government to initiate the process. Despite having written to the then Union urban development minister S Jaipal Reddy and to Thaoor's office for clearance on a draft agreement, no acknowledgement was received.\"Tharoor suggested the government do not give up on the Vilappilsala treatment complex at a time when only work amounting to Rs 2.5 crore of the total Rs 13.58 crores for the setting up of the modern plant has been completed.He also said the residents of Vilappilsala, who wish to relocate, should be fully assisted by the state government.In a statement, MP Shashi Tharoor said that the city corporation has abrogated its responsibility to deal with the garbage crisi. He also asked for an immediate reopening of the Vilappilsala garbage treatment plant and said the city corporation controlled by the LDF for the past 32 years has failed its people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11610135", "title": "IM arrest: Cops doubt Mumbai ATS claim of solving 13/7 blast cases", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Mumbai ATS claimed to have solved the 13/7 serial bombing in Mumbai with the recent arrest of businessman Mohammad Naquee Ahmed alias Wasi Ahmed Shaikh, at Zaveri Bazar, Opera House and Dadar but according to intelligence sources in Delhi, the arrest might not entirely wipe out the module behind the Indian Mujahideen's ghastly attacks.Mumbai ATS chief Rakesh Maria claimed on Monday that Naquee, a businessman from Shaheen Bagh whom the Delhi Police special cell and the Intelligence Bureau (IB) were using as their informer, was one of the main conspirators in the crime.Immediately after the news conference in Mumbai, Naquee's brother, Taquee, told TOI he had absolutely no idea of the Mumbai Police investigations and \"felt devastated and cheated\" with the announcement after extending full co-operation to the security agencies. His two other brothers, Razee and Rafique , are virtually under house arrest inside their own workshop in Byculla, he claimed. A shocked Taquee also claimed that the bike that the Mumbai ATS had recovered from his village Jale in Darbhanga was a second-hand bike purchased by Razee and they had no clue if it was a stolen one.Security agencies in Delhi said the ATS claim that Naquee and co-accused Nadeem Akhtar Ashfaqua Shaikh (23) had come to Mumbai in September-October 2010 and was part of an elaborate conspiracy in which Naquee got himself enrolled in a gym and also got one admitted therewill hold the key to the entire mystery.\"The evidences like the cloth packet containing explosives being delivered by Nadeem from Delhi to Mumbai, the recovery of the helmet of the Activa scooter used in the blast at Darbhanga and the recovery of the duplicate keys of the stolen bikes at Darbhanga are all indirect evidences. While the first is difficult to prove, the other two will be seriously questioned by the defendants in court. The key, though, may be used to establish the alleged monetary transactions between Naquee and Yasin Bhatkal,\" said an officer from Delhi's security establishment. The fact that Naquee was with the Delhi Police special cell for a month might prove a stumbling block for Mumbai Police, he added.According to Naquee's family, he was regularly called for questioning at the special cell. On December 10, Naquee was taken to Mumbai by a Go Air flight and he helped them identify the locality in which the house had been rented. It also turned out that the special cell had rented a place in the area to keep a watch. They returned on December 13. On January 7, Naquee received a call saying that both occupants of the rented flat in Mumbai had returned and Naquee was needed for identifying them. A day later, Naquee was taken to Mumbai by Rajdhani. The Mumbai police had claimed that Delhi police was sleeping when Qaqqas and Tabrez - the two Pakistani terrorists - returned to the room. As reported by Times City earlier, the MHA said late in the evening that they will convene a meeting of all security agencies soon where emphasis will be laid on better co-ordination among the investigators.Taquee, who was constantly in touch with Naquee over the phone, said that on January 9, around 11.30pm, the Maharashtra ATS came to their workshop and picked up his elder brother Rafique. When Naquee came to know of this, he called up his special cell contact. \"The special cell officer informed him that it was the Mumbai ATS and not the special cell, which had picked up his brother and there was nothing they could do about it as the two agencies did not get along.\"Naquee then called up Nadeem, who used to live in the workshop, to get an update on the situation in the workshop. Nadeem told him to come to a hotel. It was ATS that had by then nabbed Nadeem and asked him to call Naquee to the hotel. When Naquee reached the hotel, he, too, was arrested,\" his brother said. Around 1.30am, ATS came to the workshop and picked up Razi and another worker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11609519", "title": "Medical shorthand makes patients worry", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It has been some months since Punjab and Haryana high court directed doctors to print postmortem reports instead of scribbling them. That was done as often doctors' handwriting was not found legible. Now doctors have started using abbreviations like those found in SMSes and that is again making understanding their diagnoses tough for patients.Patients often don't know that when a doctor writes NAD (short for \"no abnormality detected\") or WNL (within normal limits) in the prescription, it does not stand for their suffering from a disease. Doctors often have bad handwriting, said Dr Priyadarshi Ranjan, urologist in a private hospital. \"Generally not many people understand what is written in a prescription. However, when asked, we do reply to the queries of patients,\" he added. Regarding the notion that all doctors write illegibly, he said, \"This has nothing to do with the profession. My parents were strict about calligraphy with me and I write well.\" Two common abbreviations, which are understood by most, are BD and TDS (two times a day and three times a day, respectively). However, most of the shorthand remains beyond lay people's comprehension. \"I do not know what is written about my health and what the line of treatment is. But doctors do get irritated if one asks about these abbreviations,\" said Shilpa Anand, a resident of Sector 15.Defending the usage of these abbreviations, Dr Suraj of PGI's community medicine department said, \"There is no time to write long sentences. We have so many patients to see. These words are deciphered by chemists and other doctors irrespective of handwriting.\"Sharing these views, Dr Desari Harish of Government Medical College and Hospital's department if forensic medicine, said, \"Postmortem reports are typed. But it is impossible to type prescriptions when there is a rush of patients. There is no requirement for a patient to know what is in the card as all these abbreviations are known to medical professionals.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11609067", "title": "867 to contest on 55 seats in 1st phase", "text": "LUCKNOW: As many as 867 candidates in 55 assembly constituencies will be contesting in the first phase of assembly election in Uttar Pradesh on February 8. Till Monday, the last date for candidates to withdraw their nominations, 66 candidates decided to pull out of the electoral fray. During the scrutiny process, the election commission, on January 21, rejected the nominations filed by 61 candidates. UP's chief electoral officer said that a total of 994 nominations were filed till January 20, the last date for filing nominations.Sitapur, Barabanki, Faizabad, Ambedkar Nagar, Bahraich, Shravasti, Balrampur, Gonda, Siddharthnagar and Basti will be the first ones to witness polling in the state. With the Congress bagging the maximum numbers after the 2009 Lok Sabha election, the first phase of assembly elections is likely to witness a keen contest between Bahujan Samaj Party and the Congress. The first phase of election in UP will also be an acid test for Union steel minister Beni Prasad Verma. A sitting MP from Gonda district, Verma had, over the last few months come under attack for having 'manipulated' the ticket distribution process in the Congress camp to favour his fomer Samajwadi favourites. Though Congress has performed exceptionally well in the Lok Sabha election, its performance in this belt, during the 2007 assembly elections has been poor. With Chief Minister and BSP supremo Mayawati attempting to retain her trusted dalit and backward constituencies, the Congress leadership will have its work cut out in this traditional Kurmi belt.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11609913", "title": "Scholarships for reserved category students", "text": "BHOPAL: The Bhopal collector has ordered high school principals and nodal officers to complete the disbursal of sholarships for reserved category students before January 26.At a meeting held on Sunday, collector Nikunj Shrivastava had reviewed the disbursement of scheduled caste/scheduled tribe (SC/ST) student scholarships.The principals and nodal officers have been asked to present the proof of disbursement to assistant commissioner, tribal welfare department.The students are provided scholarships by the assistant commissioner on the recommendations of the principals and the nodal officers.The collector has also said that the institutions failing to provide documents of proof of scholarships disbursal would be booked under SC/ST Prevention of Atrocities Act and prosecuted. It is the duty of the principals and the nodal officers to see that the scholarship money gets deposited in the bank accounts of the concerned students.The collector has also granted respite to those schools where the admission procedure is on. Those schools would have to submit the proof to the assistant commissioner along with the nodal officer's recommendations within a month's time.The schools would be reviewed again on January 31 and the defaulters would be taken action against,it was informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11609872", "title": "New server to make filing of e-returns easier", "text": "PATNA: A high-level review meeting of the department of commercial taxes chaired by deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi was held here on Monday. The meeting which was attended among others by department principal secretary Rajit Punhani and officials of the Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) and Beltron discussed filing of e-returns by the traders of the state.The TCS officials present at the meeting informed the government that after February 2012, a new Data Base Server will be in place making it easy for the traders to file their e-returns. The state government has made it compulsory for the traders who have to pay a tax of Rs 1 lakh or more to file their returns online. However, owing to this, heavy load was witnessed in filing of e-returns as a result of which the traders face difficulties.The Beltron officials said both the servers, 'Application Server' and 'New Web Server', have been made available to the TCS after which the situation was improving. They informed Modi that the new 'Data Base Server' will be installed by February 10, 2012.Modi directed the officials to make filing of e-returns compulsory for all the traders by April, 2012. He also gave direction to compile the e-mail IDs of all the traders so that all the important notices of the department could be sent to them through e-mail. It was also decided at the meeting to formally inaugurate the new office of the commercial taxes department, 'Kautilya Bhavan', located at Anta Ghat on February 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11610644", "title": "Bihar\u2019s terror tentacles grow", "text": "MUMBAI: Bihar's Darbhanga district has come into sharper focus during the investigations into the 13/7 triple blasts, with investigators saying that much of the indoctrination, recruitment , financing and planting of the bombs occurred there.The Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS) on Monday claimed it had cracked the 13/7 blasts case with the arrests of two men from Deora Bandhauli in Darbhanga district. Naqi Ahmed and Nadeem Akhtar have been arrested for aiding and abetting two wanted Pakistani nationals and Indian Mujaheedin (IM) founder member Yasin Bhatkal to carry out the blasts. In addition , the hawala money brought to Mumbai to conduct the blasts came through the Dubai-Nepal-Bihar-Mumbai route.In a further Darbhanga connection, the six IM members, including Qateel Siddiqui, who were arrested by the Delhi police in November for the Chinnaswamy and Delhi high court blasts are all from that district.Police said Yasin Bhatkal had met Naqi in 2008 through a common friend, Gayoor Jamali. Bhatkal had fled Karnataka after the Mumbai crime branch launched a manhunt for him following the arrests of 21 IM members.An ATS official said, \"While police looked for him in the town of Bhatkal in Mangalore, in Pune in Maharashtra and Azamgarh in UP, Yasin took shelter in the house of one Jamali in Darbhanga. Jamali later introduced Naqi to Bhatkal. Bhatkal then started recruiting unemployed youths in Darbhanga for the IM. Bhatkal sent selected youths to Pakistan via Nepal for arms training.\"While Naqi's family members have been maintaining that Naqi was unaware of the 13/7 conspiracy and helped Bhatkal unknowingly, ATS chief Rakesh Maria said Naqi, who is from a well-to-do family, knew Bhatkal was a terrorist, helped him find a house in Byculla, and stole a scooter for him knowing it would have a bomb planted in it.\"Not only that, Naqi and Nadeem had stolen two more twowheelers , which are likely to be used in future blasts. Naqi provided Rs 1.5 lakh to the two Pakistanis to rent the flat in Habib Apartments. We have idependent witnesses and evidence to corroborate this,\" said Maria.Nadeem allegedly went to Delhi, where Bhatkal handed him a packet covered in cloth to be given to Naqi, who in turn gave the same to the two Pakistanis who assembled the bombs. Naqi allegedly helped the Pakistanis do recces of the blast sites and enroll in a gym in Kumbarwada, a stone's throw from Zaveri Bazar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "pushkar", "code": "11609577", "title": "Ajmer-Pushkar rail link opened", "text": "PUSHKAR: The holy town of Pushkar became part of the railway map on Monday when the first train from here chugged on its way to Ajmer. Union railway minister Dinesh Trivedi flagged off the train at a glittering ceremony attended by a huge gathering.\"The track between Pushkar to Merta City of Nagaur district is also important and I will ensure its development,\" the minister said. Trivedi pointed out that the expansion to Merta City will also help people to visit the land of Meera Bai.Addressing a meeting at the flagging off of the first train, chief minister Ashok Gehlot said that investments in Rajasthan will increase as there is a network of roads and railways even to remote places.\"This will change the image of Rajasthan as proper infrastructure is coming up here,\" he said.Union minister of state for IT and communications Sachin Pilot requested the railway minister to provide new trains in the route.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "11611096", "title": "BSS push for Bodo-medium education in West Bengal", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: The Bodo Sahitya Sabha (BSS) during its 51st session held at Chekamari, Madarihat in West Bengal on Sunday decided to press for the introduction of Bodo medium education in West Bengal districts where Bodos have a sizeable population, especially in the North Bengal districts. The event concluded on Monday.The sabha decided to move the TMC government in West Bengal to introduce Bodo medium education in the state.In an interview with mediapersons at Chekamari on Sunday, sabha president Dr Kameswar Brahma said a delegation of the BSS would call on West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee soon. He said the sabha believes the Mamata-led TMC government would introduce Bodo medium education in West Bengal as one of her initiatives.He added the previous West Bengal government did not introduce Bodo as the medium of instruction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11612757", "title": "I had knees of a 65-yr-old: Bipasha Basu", "text": "Bipasha Basu talks about her osteoarthritis and how she is dealing with itThat a journalist called her 'fat' some years ago, which spurred her to embark on a weight reduction spree is well known. However, a lesser known fact is that it is equally Bipasha's osteoarthritis condition, which goes back to 2005, which is to blame for her fitness fetish.Talking to Mumbai Mirror, the actress recalled the time when she was shooting for Anees Bazmee's No Entry. \"I was quite overweight and used to cover myself intelligently so that I didn't end up looking fat. I realised I needed to shed weight,\" she revealed.In a tearing hurry to get into shape, Bipasha started running... on roads, the treadmill... without help from a professional trainer. \"I had no knowledge about health and fitness and even went on crash diets. Suddenly, I started getting excruciating pain in my knees, with days when I could barely stand. I spoke to Hrithik Roshan , Shah Rukh Khan and many other colleagues, who recommended some top doctors,\" the actress said.She was advised to undergo a MRI (Magnetic Resonance Imaging) and the reports made her go numb with shock. \"They said I was suffering from an extreme condition. My knees had become like that of a 65-year-old person,\" she remembered. Even more shocking was learning that her condition was extremely rare in youngsters. It made her wonder, \"Why did I get it? Where do I go from here?\"One of the doctors told her she wouldn't be able to do any action sequences or even stand for long hours. Another medico advised her bed rest. \"I wept for three days and nights at a stretch. My parents were out and I just didn't know what was happening,\" revealed Bips. On the fourth day though, the actress gathered all her courage and told herself, \"It can't be this way, I need to fight it out. You live life only once, don't you?\"That was only the beginning of Bipasha's struggles. She spoke to Mahendra Singh Dhoni and Yuvraj Singh , both fitness freaks. She started reading, buying all sorts of books, surfing the internet for information. It was then that she met sports physiotherapist Himakshi Basu, who assured her she would be able to do most of the things sooner or later except that patience was key. The first ultimatum Himakshi gave Bipasha was to lose weight, especially around her knees. \"I got into weight training. Importantly, I was told to strengthen my thigh and butt muscles to maintain the correct balance so as to offset the weak knees,\" Bipasha revealed.There are things she has been advised not to do like wearing heels or walking down stairs. She has also been asked to do twenty minutes in the gym before starting her other workouts. And while the condition is definitely better than what it was say two or three years ago, Bipasha rues the fact that she is still living with osteoarthritis. \"I am still under therapy and will always be... throughout my life. However now, I do it myself.\"The good news is that Bipasha, who is looking forward to her next release Jodi Breakers has come out a winner from her experience. \"When you have such a condition, it ends up making you very strong mentally. I feel physically strong too. I can kick like a footballer ,\" she laughed.By her own admission, the actress is taking Glucosamine Chondrotin supplements to counter further cartilage damage. \"You realise that being beautiful and sexy is not all that matters. Rather, you need to respect the body you are born with,\" she said.What experts sayOsteoarthritis is a disorder, mainly caused due to wear and tear of the joint muscles. Also known as Degenerative Joint Disease, Osteoarthritis involves degradation of the articular cartilage and subchondral bone.\"The condition is manageable in the initial stages. If one follows the physical exercise and diet regime,\" said Dr Ameet Pispati, Consultant Orthopaedic Surgeon attached to Jaslok and Bhatia hospital. Commonly seen in elderly patients, experts say that the trend has shifted to the younger generation due to excessive activities. \"Physiotherapy helps in mobility of the affected muscles,\" said physiotherapist Dr Ali Irani, who has been treating celebrities including Shah Rukh Khan. - Jyoti Shelar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "lataguri (jalpaiguri)", "code": "11609912", "title": "New forest rail track sparks fear of jumbo deaths", "text": "LATAGURI (JALPAIGURI): Though several incidents of elephants being run down by trains have been reported in the past, but it has failed to strike a note with the railway officials.Instead of taking corrective measures to curb such deaths, the Railways is converting the defunct meter-guage track between New Mal to New Maynaguri into broad guage. This track passes through the Gorumara National Park and two other stretches of forestlands that are busy elephant corridors.The railway track, covering a distance of 61.72 km, is being laid between New Mal in Jalpaiguri and Changrabanda in Cooch Behar. It is expected to become functional by this year. The project includes conversion of meter-gauge track into broad gauge (New Mal to New Maynaguri - 42.1 km and New Changrabanda to Changrabanda - 2.97 km) and laying of a fresh track (New Maynaguri to New Changrabanda - 16.65 kilometers).But what's alarming is that the line between New Mal and New Maynaguri would pass through three stretches of forestlands in Apalchand, Kathambari and the buffer zone of Gorumara National Park, traversing some 4 km, which is a part of a conventional elephant corridor.\"The jumbos use this route to move to and fro to Apalchand forest from Gorumara National Park. Train movement will definitely lead to more elephants deaths in near future,\" a forest official said.There are over 80 resident elephants in Gorumara apart from the more than 70 migrating pachyderms who reside in the park. This corridor, thus, is the daily transit route for more than 150 elephants. Besides, foresters and naturists also fear that the trains moving through this track will largely be used by smugglers to ferry timber collected illegally from Gorumara and other forests.Also, the wildlife division of the state forest department is not aware of the gauge conversion. \"Since the area does not come under our section, the railways did not inform us about the conversion,\" said SB Mondol, principal chief conservator of forests, wildlife. The gauge conversion was sanctioned last year when Mamata Banerjee was the Railways minister in the UPA government.In 2001, the Railways had decided to convert the meter gauge track between Siliguri junction and Alipurduar junction into broad guage. Since the conversion, 31 elephants have died in train accidents on this track. \"The conversion of the railway track is being done following every norm,\" a senior NFR official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11609824", "title": "Ex-PU employee held for forgery", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A former faculty member of Panjab University (PU) was arrested for illegally using its official stamp, police said on Monday.PU's security officer P K Dhawan had filed a complaint against Satyabir Singh, resident of Sector 15, who was formerly working with defence studies department of the university. Singh was dismissed from service in 2008 as he remained absent for over 20 months without telling authorities. \"Singh had started some organization, which had its own letterhead. He was writing professor before his name in its communications and showing himself to be an employee of the university. He filed many complaints against PU's higher officials through which this anomaly came to our notice,\" Dhawan told TOI. Singh was booked for cheating and forgery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11609612", "title": "Borders are overemphasized: Mohammad Hanif", "text": "JAIPUR: Borders are an \"overemphasized notion\", says Mohammad Hanif, author of 'A Case of Exploding Mangoes', who doesn't mind when people mistake Karachi for being a part of India.\"Being mistaken for an Indian is not the worst thing to have happened to me,\" the Karachi-based author announced in his usual casual self to an eager audience at the Mughal Tent on Monday afternoon.Hanif was speaking at the session 'Nothing to Declare: Straight Lines and History', along with Bangladeshi academician Fakrul Alam, Kathmandu-based writer Rabi Thapa and Kashmiri author Siddhartha Gigoo. The session was moderated by author-publisher Urvashi Butalia.Thapa, after whose collection of short stories 'Nothing to Declare' the session was named, shared similar experiences of mistaken identity. \"While walking up the mountains near Namche Bazaar, a girl came up to me and said I look Indian,\" said Thapa, and added that \"everyone lays a claim to the idea of Nepaliness\".However, over the past few years, Alam said, the border issue has been politicised to no end. \"There was a time, when my father used to take me near the border between India and Bangladesh . One could look out to the huts on the other side. But, now fences have been erected,\" he rued.For, Gigoo, a Kashmiri Pandit, borders need not be as much as physical as imaginary. While forced to leave Kashmir during 1990, Gigoo said the sense of \"betrayal and mistrust\" had escalated to a point where \"Kashmir became an entity that's becoming Pakistan \".\"When we crossed the Banihal tunnel (now the Jawahar tunnel), and entered Jammu, people were relieved that now we are in India,\" recounted the author of 'The Garden of Solitude'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11616235", "title": "Paul Bettany mesmerised by his wife", "text": "Paul Bettany thinks his wife Jennifer Connelly is \"mesmerising\".The 'Broken Lines' star - who has been married to the actress for eight years - explained while his spouse is \"very beautiful\", he finds it frustrating that she always \"moves at her own pace\".He said: \"My poor wife. She moves at her own pace - she's sort of slightly in slow motion, it's mesmerising and very beautiful - and I'm like, 'C'mon, c'mon', we're going to be late.\"Paul explained his home life has changed since becoming a father to Stellan, eight, and seven-month-old Agnes, as well as raising Kai, Jennifer's 14-year-old son from a previous relationship, as he turns down movie projects because his kids need to know he'll be around.He added in an interview with Observer Food Monthly magazine: \"I don't want to sound like it's been a sacrifice for me. Sometimes you make decisions to not work and be with your family.\"I have children - they need to know Dad's going to come home.\"However, Paul admitted while as an actor he can make mistakes, the same cannot be said for being a parent.He explained: \"You can fudge a lot as an actor but you can't fudge being a parent.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11610000", "title": "Death claims a Schizophrenic, no one claims responsibility", "text": "INDORE: After spending four decades, or two-thirds of his life, in a mental hospital with no one ever turning up to claim him, Laxmi Narain Singh, son of Dariyao Singh - as the records describe him - apparently ended his life in a well.But only to still remain unclaimed, in the district hospital morgue, for four more days. Finally, the municipality had to cart the body to the crematorium.The 61-year-old schizophrenic was admitted to the mental hospital on March 2, 1970, and never left it. He had 'disappeared ' from Indore's MY Hospital, where he was referred for falling haemoglobin levels, on January 16. Two days later, his body was found in a well about 30 km from Indore city.MY Hospital Superintendent Dr VS Bhatia said the Government Mental Hospital, and not his own, was responsible for looking after the patient, but said he will look into the issue anyway.The Superintendent of the Mental Hospital Dr Ramgulam Rajdan said just the opposite. He said the MY Hospital was responsible for taking care of a patient admitted there.His deputy, Dr Ujjawal Sardesai said that they reported the patient's disappearance to MY hospital's police chowki and he had no clue if the cops did register an FIR or not. He said, \"We informed as usual but don't know how the patient escaped from the hospital. The staff said that they had left him to go to the toilet and then he disappeared.''However, Dr Sardesai too insisted that the responsibility of protecting the mentally ill patient was of the MY Hospital, where he had been admitted.\"We have no idea about his past. He was in no condition to tell us. We just know his name because it was etched on his his hand. His mother too was admitted in our hospital once long ago and this is probably how the records came to mention his father's name . Many a times, we had tried tracing the address in Shajapur that was supposedly his, but it was of no use.\" Dr Sardesai added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "amalapuram", "code": "11608982", "title": "Defiled Ambedkar statues spark clash", "text": "AMALAPURAM: Tension prevailed in Amalapuram town and surrounding areas following the desecration on Monday of Ambedkar's statues by unidentified persons. Clashing groups pelted stones at each other when a large number of dalit youths tried to close shops run by Kapus leading to a war-like situation in the town. Police intervened, clamped section 144 and rushed additional forces to bring the situation under control.Trouble began when, in the morning, locals found Ambedkar statues at Bandaveedhi in Peruru, Nalla Vantena, Chindada Garuvu, Chitti Garuvu and Rallapalem areas defaced and desecrated. All statues of Ambedekar within 2 km radius of the town had either been defaced, damaged or thrown to the ground. The statue at Bandaveedhi was found in a drain but the one at Rallapalem went missing altogether.The news spread like wildfire and, soon, leaders and activists of various dalit organisations had assembled in large numbers to stage a roadblock, leaving scores of vehicles stranded on either side of the main road for over two hours.They tried to enforce a 'bandh' by forcibly shutting down shops, but were opposed by the Kapus who appealed for calm. A few dalit youth, however, hurled lathis at the shops which incensed the shopkeepers who then replied by hurling stones. It was a free for all soon as both groups rained stones at each other. This went on for close to an hour as cops stood aside as mute spectators.\"A large number of shops are those belonging to members of the Kapu community; they could not digest the fact that their shops were targeted,\" A Sekhar of Nalla Vantena area, said. With the situation spiralling out of control, additional forces had to be brought in from nearby areas and from Kakinada. Sniffer dogs, too, were pressed into service. District SP Trivikram Varma said stern action would be taken against the culprits following an inquiry into the matter.It was learnt that additional DG Krishna Raju has been appointed to head the investigation into the desecration of the statues.The development came 24 hours after Amalapuram MP Harsha Kumar's broadside against Ghulam Nabi Azad for not recognizing the 'services' of the dalit community who, he said, formed a major vote bank for the Congress.Dalit activists had damaged several houses belonging to the Kapu community when an Ambedkar statue was damaged in Rallapalem before the 2009 assembly elections.Dalit groups tried to enforce a 'bandh' by forcibly shutting down shops, but were opposed by the Kapus. A few dalit youth, however, hurled lathis at the shops which incensed the shopkeepers who then replied by hurling stones. This went on for close to an hour as cops stood aside as mute spectators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11617004", "title": "BPO employee remanded over suicide of fianc\u00e9e", "text": "BANGALORE: A 32-year-old employee of the BPO firm of a software concern was today remanded to judicial custody for allegedly abetting the suicide of his fiancee, a software firm employee.Allan Sandeep, who was arrested yesterday, had allegedly been demanding dowry from his fiancee Savitha Venkatappa (25), who allegedly committed suicide on Jan 19, police said.Savitha allegedly committed suicide by hanging herself in her house in Ganganagar last week and her parents had filed a criminal case against Sandeep.Though Savitha left no suicide note, her family alleged she was dejected after her engagement with Sandeep did not materialise in marriage.Police say they would probe the digital evidence in their possession, such as mobile phone call details, SMS details, emails and chatting information, and also financial transactions between Savitha and Sandeep.After their engagement, Sandeep had allegedly been demanding dowry from Savitha besides avoiding her for the past couple of months. He also allegedly demanded a car. Following his demands, a depressed Savitha allegedly took her own life, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "11610799", "title": "Activists concerned over poor security of protected animals", "text": "YAVATMAL: The wildlife lovers of Yavatmal have expressed concern over the deteriorating safety and security condition of protected species in the district.Wild Life Protection Committee spokesperson said Sunil Deshmukh, the protected wildlife in the district is not safe and urged the forest officials to take preventive measures to ensure their safety and security.Yavatmal has two wildlife sanctuaries -- Tipeshwar and Penganga and leopards and tigers are the main species found in these sanctuaries spread over 15,000 hectares of land and forest in the vicinity.But owing to the increase in number of leopards and tigers, this forest has become inadequate for them to move freely and safely. On many occasions, these wild cats come in the vicinity of the villages on the margin of the forest in search of food and water and sometimes they had even attacked humans and domestic animals.In last five years, two tigers and eight leopards were killed in the forest of Yavatmal. Pusad forest division tops with the death of six leopards. The latest one was found lying dead in Chilli village of Mahagaon a couple of days ago. The post-mortem report is yet to be received, says the CCF Devendra Kumar.The viscera of the dead leopard were sent to the government lab at Aurangabad and the report is expected in a couple of days, said Kumar.Two leopards and two tigers were found dead in Pandharkawda division during the same period. The first tiger was killed in 2006, while the second was killed in November last year.The reasons behind the deaths of wild animals are claimed to be either poaching, starving, lack of water, electric shock from the farm fence put up to protect crops from the attack of the wildlife, or poisoning.The depleting forest cover due to illegal felling of trees and official apathy is also adding to the problem. Despite having two wildlife sanctuaries, the forest has become inadequate to support wildlife.The district has now only 21.76% forest of its geographical contours and it is the need of the hour to promote the social forestry and the allied activities on a war footing, said Sunil Deshmukh.Chief conservator of forest Devendra Kumar told TOI that a high-level committee is recently set up and in a week's time, they are arranging a workshop for the members who will later create a mass awareness.about the need of planting trees and protecting the rare species.\"We have also identified a few sensitive locations in both the sanctuaries and their vicinity which will soon be updated with men and machineries to combat the existing threat to the protected species,\" Kumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11613054", "title": "A cacophonic tune", "text": "It should have been a happy song. However, it has given rise to discord between the producers and director of Rajeev Khandelwal and Mugdha Godse starrer Will You Marry Me?Director Aditya Dutt and producers Krishan Chaudhary and Vipin Jain, who had difference of opinion over a song in the film, have now postponed the entire schedule of the venture.The producers had spent Rs 48 lakh on the song that has already been recorded. The director and the producers had a tiff regarding the deletion of the song from the script. \"Yes, the director Aditya and I do have issues. Big deal! We will sort it out ourselves. Leave us alone,\" said an angry Vipin Jain when contacted.The shoot schedule of the film now depends on how the film makers resolve the fight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11611318", "title": "Saurav wishes to start an insurance company for the poor", "text": "LUDHIANA: At an age where majority of youngsters think of having only fun, 19-year-old Saurav Taneja is a bit different. Like a philanthropist, he wishes to start an insurance company, which will provide free medical treatment to the poor, especially children, before the world comes to an end. But then like any teenager, this plan of his has another reason besides social service, to get fame.Son of businessman Jagdish Taneja of Sarabha Nagar, Saurav, whose two other brothers, Gaurav and Vikas, help his father, says, \"I have always been pained to see poor people, especially children, begging at the red lights and outside religious places. I would want to do something for the poor people and by doing this, can also earn a name before the doomsday.\"Going abroad with his family, including mother Suman Taneja, a homemaker, and his friend, Puneet Lakhanpal of Dugri Phase I, is next on the wish list of young Saurav. \"I have heard a lot about places like Singapore, Bangkok, UK, Bali, and would love to go there with my family members and friend. Singapore and Bangkok are good places for shopping whereas UK is a scenic country, while Bali has amazing beaches,\" he adds.After fulfilling all these wishes, he would like to meet his idols, which include the likes of Manmohan Singh, Shah Rukh Khan and play cricket with Sachin Tendulkar and Dhoni .\"I want to meet our Prime Minister Manmohan Singh before the doomsday, as he is my role model and the best economist who brought our country out of the severe financial mess. I would also like to meet Shahrukh Khan , not because he is a superstar but because he has so many positive attributes to his personality,\" he says. No, his list isn't over yet.Next on the radar are his cricket icons Sachin Tendulkar and M S Dhoni. \"I am crazy about cricket, so I would like to play the game in Ludhiana with Sachin and Dhoni.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11601515", "title": "AR Rahman performs with German Babelsberg Orchestra", "text": "Ar Rahman , the Oscar-winning composer, who has won accolades world over for his music, was in the capital last night, to perform with one of the Germany's oldest and most popular orchestras - German Babelsberg Orchestra.Playing some popular Rahman tunes, the orchestra left the audience enchanted, with Rahman's choir adding to the magic. Rahman said he wants to popularize orchestra in India. \"I want people in India to learn orchestra music and play thumris and other genres of music with an orchestra. That's my dream.\" \"I want to introduce more youngsters to this kind of music and make them understand that it is very cool.\" Rahman, who said it took him three years to organise this concert, will also be performing in other cities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11603838", "title": "Agneepath fever grips Hrithik fans", "text": "Hrihtik's Agneepath is all set to release on 26th January.Hrithik Roshan's fans are eagerly waiting for the release as the promos look great. Meanwhile, most have been so inspired by the film, that they want to look like Hrithik too.We've heard fans of India's very own Greek God have even taken to wearing clothes which resemble Hrithik's in the film.Few have gone a step further and have desired to win the film's authentic clothes by participating in a contest.Few fans revealed, \"We had to act like one of the characters from Agneepath and record our own version. We have done that.\"The contest which is live on all social media platforms is video lead one. The fans are to send videos of them repeating the dialogues of their favourite Agneepath characters and upload it on the official YouTube channel. The winners will receive the costumes worn by the stars in the movie.Yet another form of movie promotion driven by social media this is.Farhan Akhtar for Don 2, had circulated 3D glasses with newspapers for everyone to see his 3D songs on Youtube!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11609132", "title": "Cisco plans development centre in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: Hyderabad's T-troubles not withstanding, global IT giant Cisco Systems is exploring the possibility of setting up a development centre in the city as part of its India expansion plans.Cisco, which currently has a marketing office with a total headcount of around 200 people, is looking at a development centre manned by 6,000 people over the next couple of years if it does decide in favour of Hyderabad, IT department sources said.If sources are to be believed, the company, which has been considering Pune as the destination for this big-ticket expansion has not yet ruled out Hyderabad with top level Cisco officials meeting state IT and Communications minister Ponnala Lakshmaiah on Monday. Cisco has a presence in Bangalore, Pune and Chennai apart from Hyderabad.The Cisco team, headed by senior vice president, emerging solutions and advanced services, Faiyaz Shahpurwala not only met Lakshmaiah but is also understood to have checked out available space options for the company's proposed expansion.\"Though Cisco had almost frozen on Pune for their expansion, we made an aggressive and convincing pitch for Hyderabad. We still have a chance,\" the IT minister confirmed.\"We showed them the space available at the three SEZs in Shamshabad area. They also saw the Outer Ring Road and Madhapur areas. We also assured them of proper power supply,\" Lakshmaiah said. According to sources, though the Cisco top brass had some concerns on the T-uncertainty, they were quite impressed with the infrastructure, talent pool, investment climate and economic viability of setting up their expansion project here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11608980", "title": "Section 144 imposed till March 3", "text": "ALLAHABAD: In order to maintain transparency and conducting free and fair elections, Section 144 of IPC has been implemented which would continue up to March 3. However, some new restrictions have been imposed.The organizer of a political party should ensure that no speaker would be allowed to give communal or inflammatory speech. They would also not be allowed to speak against the language of a person or speak on communal lines.Keeping in mind the imposition of model code of conduct, the magistrate/police officer concerned would conduct the video recording/photography of an organized programme and if there is violation of the model code of conduct in the programme, then one copy should be send to the returning officer concerned for further action.The use of loudspeakers would be allowed only after depositing the requisite fee in the /Allahabad Municipal Corporation's office.Further, the volume of the sound should be kept low so that it can be audible to the assembled gathering and does not hinder the studies of the students in the schools or hinder any government's work.Further, the use of loud speakers would not be allowed after 10:00 pm in the evening and 6:00 am in the morning.Further, under no circumstances, more than 10 vehicles would be allowed to use in the election procession.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "11610394", "title": "Mamata's 'paribartan' spearhead in Manipur", "text": "IMPHAL: Leading the Trinamool Congress in Manipur is a woman walking in Didi's footsteps, from her battle-cry for change to her simple ways.In her cotton salwar-kameez , state Trinamool chief Kim Gangte calls out for 'paribartan' (change) and deliverance from the \"long, dark years under this corrupt government\" , just like Mamata Banerjee did in Bengal. Gangte matches her in rhetoric and also ensures every poll dais is carpeted green. From hoisting Trinamool flags to the slogan 'Ma, maati, manush' it's all there. Only, it's in Meitei.Gangte pledges clean governance , development of all areas, end to ethnic tensions and a promise to get insurgent groups to the negotiating table.Mamata's target in Bengal was CPM. Gangte tears into the Congress that has ruled Manipur for 10 years. She attacks Ibobi Singh's government for corruption and nepotism. \"People of Bengal voted for change. People of Manipur should also do so,\" she says.Speakers at her rallies remind people Didi is a powerful presence in Delhi. She can deliver for Manipur. They explain the party symbol: It stands for a party that's down-to-earth . \"People have tried all other parties. All have failed them. We're the only ones left,\" Gangte tells TOI.Manipur Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11615863", "title": "Salman Rushdie's video link to Jaipur Literature Festival scrapped", "text": "JAIPUR: The planned video address by British author Salman Rushdie to the ongoing Jaipur Literature Festival was scrapped on Tuesday because of security fears, police said. \"(The venue) owners conveyed to police that it was not possible for them to allow the organisers (to hold the video link) in the present situation,\" deputy commissioner of Jaipur police Vijendra Jhala told reporters.Earlier nearly 30 angry representatives of various Islamic organisations in Jaipur tried to enter the venue of the festival Tuesday noon in protest against the video address by Rushdie, author of the banned book \"The Satanic Verses\".The protesters led by All India Milli Council leader, Paiker Farukh, a lawyer, who alleged that \"the festival was trying to portray author Salman Rushdie as a hero\".\"We have every right to protest in a democratic manner and if the Muslim population of Jaipur comes out in protest, you cannot prevent us. You cannot take us for a ride... we are not fools,\" Farukh told the media outside the venue at Diggi Palace.The Muslim organisations had filed a petition at the court of an executive magistrate in Jaipur seeking a directive against Rushdie's address following which the court had summoned four organisers of the festival. But the organisers failed to turn up, a representative of the Muslim delegation said.Police were summoned to placate the protesters. The commissioner of police reassured the protesters that their interests would be taken into account.\"We don't know about the fate of Rushdie's video address,\" a member of the core committee of the organisers then said.Rushdie had called off his visit to Jaipur citing threats to his life from \"paid assassins\". But later he accused Rajasthan Police of hatching a plot about hitmen to keep him away from the festival where he was expected to be the star attraction. Some Muslim groups had also protested his proposed visit. But then the festival organisers said he would address the festival through a video link.At 12 noon on Tuesday, Roy, the producer of the festival, had said, \"We are going ahead with the link at 3.45 p.m., it will be the session originally planned -- Midnight's Children -- and his book's adaptation and his life and works and the problems he has faced in the past years.Roy said some clarifications had been sought by the authorities and these had been responded to.With inputs from IANS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11608333", "title": "TB spike puts focus back on lung surgery", "text": "MUMBAI: When extra-extremely drug-resistant (XXDR) tuberculosis made its presence felt in Mumbai last week, bureaucrats and public health experts jotted down an ingredient that was dangerously low in availability: surgeons.The BMC is planning to get surgeons to restart the surgery programme at its TB specialty hospital in Sewri, said BMC additional municipal commissioner Manisha Mhaiskar. But given the city's history, this may not be the easiest of tasks.The words of the former head of surgery at the same hospital decades ago show why it's difficult to get surgeons into the TB fold. \"Why should doctors who have trained in cardiothoracic surgery look at the lungs when operating on the heart is certainly more glamorous,'' asks Dr Harikant Bhanushali, 76, who still operates on TB patients using a minimal access technique at Kaushalya Hospital in Thane.At Sewri's TB Hospital, he operated on over 7,600 patients from 1966 to 1991. \"But it's a difficult and time-consuming surgery. May be that is the reason many don't opt for it,'' he says.He says it takes 45 minutes to access the lungs and another 45 minutes to close them. A cardiothoracic surgeon can complete a bypass heart surgery in the same time.Doctors who are trained in cardiothoracic surgery can operate on both the vital organs-heart and lungs. \"But you get Rs 30,000 for a lung surgery while you can get ten times that amount for a bypass surgery. The choice is clear,'' says a doctor attached to a state government hospital.It is not as if surgery is not done at all. Dr Yatin Dholakia of the State Anti-TB Association points out that surgery is regularly offered for cases of extra-pulmonary TB or TB in any organs other than the lungs. But extra-pulmonary TB only forms about 10-15% of all TB cases. In the last few decades as medicines acted well on the bulk of TB patients, surgery took the backseat.\"But with drug resistance emerging now, surgery will certainly be more often. Small lesions in the lungs that don't react well to medication need surgical treatment,'' says Dr Dholakia. But he is clear that surgery is only a way to get medicines to start acting on a patient with drug-resistance TB. In medical terms, surgery is just an adjuvant or additional therapy.Considering that Mumbai adds between 3,000 and 4,000 multi-drug resistant patients to its TB pool every year, the percentage-however small-of patients needing the adjuvant surgical therapy could be significant. Not surprisingly then, some private hospitals also offer TB surgery. Hinduja Hospital in Mahim that first reported the 12 \"totally drug resistant TB'' cases is one of the major hospitals offering surgical help for TB. Fortis Hiranandani Hospital in Vashi is another. Dr Nitish Jhawar, who is a minimal access surgeon at the Vashi Hospital, gives the example of Sia Shetty (name changed). \"She was diagnosed with multidrug resistant TB and was in our ICU for a month. She was in such a bad state that her family had almost given up. That is when we surgeons were called to use the video-assisted thoracoscopic surgery to remove the diseases tissue or lesions form her lungs,'' says Dr Jhawar. A video camera was fitted to one of three scopes that were introduced into the lungs through small holes. ``In less than two hours, we had removed the lesions and the patient started responding better to medicines thereafter,'' he added.A doctor in the Sewri Hospital says that the decision has to be taken judiciously. \"One cannot operate on a patient who may just worsen due to complexity of surgery,'' the doctor cautions. However, Dr Bhanushali feels that many doctors delay their patients' surgery for too long. \"A decision on surgery can be taken once the doctor notices that despite three months of medication, the patient is not responding well enough. Earlier such lesions or pus cells are removed, the better the TB medication can act,'' says Bhanushali, who was among the first to use video-assisted thoracoscopic surgery in this part of the country. \"Patients can walk away from the hospital within three days of surgery. It helps the patient,'' he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11614556", "title": "Hemal is on the move!", "text": "Producer Hemal Thakkar is looking for a main lead for his new showProducer Hemal Thakkar of Playtime Creations is in news these days. His new Star Plus's Ruk Jana Nahin is being talked about after his hit show Laagi Tujh Se Lagan . With loads of drama and masti in the show, it is time for more twist and turns. The hunt is on for a new lead in the show, so that the story can move further and create more drama. A young dashing guy with rugged look is a perfect match for the role. But the main pick is that the guy will appear on screen in a month's time or so. Producer Hemal Thakkar says, \"\"We are looking out for a young male lead of around 23-24 year old. We have been getting good feedback for the show. Indu Singh and SaanchiWill the handsome and talented actor please stand up!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11617041", "title": "Gender ratio in Delhi not healthy, matter of concern: Sheila Dikshit", "text": "NEW DELHI: Admitting that the skewed child sex ratio in Delhi was a matter of concern, Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit today said the government has initiated a range of welfare measures to improve the gender disparity.Citing government statistics in the last five years, Dikshit said, in 2008, the sex ratio had improved, but it dropped in 2010 despite introduction of a number schemes like Laadli Yojna, to save the girl child.As per census 2011 data, Delhi's sex ratio of children up to six years of age has dropped to 866 girls per 1,000 boys from 868 girls in 2001. The child sex ratio of Delhi is much below the national average of 914.\"The female and male sex ratio in Delhi is not healthy. In 2008, we had about 1,004 females against 1,000 males. But, 2010 witnessed a drop. It is surely a matter of concern,\" Dikshit said at a function to celebrate the National Girl Child Day.Dikshit said that despite a ban, some nursing homes continue to conduct prenatal sex determination tests and added that her government was determined to come down hard on them.\"Female foeticide is also a moral and social issue. We appeal to people to save the girl child. The government is chalking out a multi-pronged strategy to address the problem and achieve 100 per cent success,\" she said.Women and Child Welfare Minister Kiran Walia yesterday had blamed inadequate health infrastructure in neighbouring states for the decline in number of girls against per thousand boys in the city.She had said lack of proper medical infrastructure in neighbouring states forces pregnant women there to come to Delhi for deliveries and when a baby dies during or after delivery, it reflects on statistics of Delhi.Walia today said the government has zero tolerance for killing girl child.Over 2,000 women and anganwadi workers today celebrated the National Girl Child Day at the function organised by the Delhi government where a number of anganwadi workers were awarded for their performances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11611199", "title": "Four-member gang robs bank at Perungudi in 15 mins flat", "text": "CHENNAI: In spite of repeated instructions by the city police to install CCTV cameras inside and outside bank premises, a bank branch - one of the three in the country to be called 'gen-next bank' - didn't have any basic surveillance system-and paid for it.Police teams have a tough job after four men robbed the Perungudi branch of the Bank of Baroda after brandishing guns. Anandan, the cashier, could do very little as the robbers walked off with 19 lakh. Neither he nor the manager could press the burglar alarm switch attached to their desks.Police said the robbers completed the 'operation' in 15 minutes. Walking into the bank situated on the first floor of a commercial block on the IT Corridor lined by software companies, two of the four men took out guns and asked the 10 employees and some customers to move to one side. They walked up to the cashier, collected the money and walked away so nonchalantly that the security guard downstairs said he saw nothing unusual.They yelled at the employees and customers to raise their hands and turn around. One of the robbers barged into branch manager Balaji's cabin and aimed a gun at him. He was instructed to move towards the wall. While two of the gang members monitored movements of the staff and customers, another moved towards the cashier and asked him to put the collection amount into a leather bag.In a few minutes, they were out of the bank after having locked everyone from outside. Police said one of them must have waited outside to prevent customers from getting in. Dharmaiah, the security man now being questioned, was appointed only five days ago. Based on the descriptions given by the manager and the cashier, police are preparing sketches of the robbers.Police are also investigating the possibility of an insider providing information to the robbers, since they seemed to know that the bank did not have CCTV cameras. Forensic experts lifted fingerprints from the crime scene.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "11609563", "title": "70% fall in child labour since 2004 in Salem", "text": "SALEM: There has been a decline in child labour and child marriages in Salem district, according to P Balamurugan, Unicef's child protection consultant.Speaking at a two-day seminar here, he said there were 35,000 child labourers in the district in 2004 and the numbers have fallen by 60% to 70% since due to the implementation of various programmes including Unicef's own integrated child protection programme. However, child marriages do occur from time to time and police intervention was necessary to curbing these, he said.The seminar, organized jointly by the Unicef and Salem district police, to sensitise police officials on aspects of juvenile justice and crime was inaugurated by superintendent of police, Salem, M S Muthusamy on Monday.Salem district crime records bureau DSP S Shivaraj, who spoke at the seminar, said the district police authority are taking firm steps to curb crimes against children. In the case of child marriages, elders responsible have so far been warned and set free. Hereafter, cases will be registered against them, he said.The officer said the post of child welfare officer in each police station in the district has been revived and a two-day training programme on children protection would be conducted for these officers from February 1 in Yercaud.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11609705", "title": "Spurned lover held guilty in Jitin George murder case", "text": "BANGALORE: The 17th fast track court (FTC) held Palani, 26, a staffer of Apollo Hospital on Bannerghatta Road, guilty of killing his colleague Jitin George, 27, a lab technician, on the night of May 29, 2009.Judge SK Vontigodi held Palani guilty, based on the deposition of some of his colleagues and security personnel of the hospital. The quantum of punishment will be announced on Tuesday.Jitin George, a native of Kollam in Kerala, had spurned Palani, who had proposed to her. She was on night duty on May 29, 2009, and Palani, though not on night duty, had come to the lab technician's room late at night. Next day, she was found dead in the room and Palani was the prime suspect.Special public prosecutor Ganapathy Prasanna told TOI that though the CCTV images were not taken into consideration, the accounts of their colleague Hemalatha, and security guard Somarajan, corroborated the police investigation. Both confirmed that Palani was present in the lab technician's room that night.Palani had come to the hospital though he was not on night duty and spent time with Jitin till the early hours of May 30. Around 7.20am on May 30, a staffer who had came to the room found Jitin dead. During the night, Palani had signed a register of samples brought to the laboratory for tests, and told a colleague that Jitin was sleeping.The defence lawyer had held that the victim was not strangled to death with the chord of a laptop charger, as held by the prosecution and police investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11609168", "title": "Burglars strike Madurai at night", "text": "MADURAI: A series of well planned house breaks have shocked residents of Madurai. Burglars had struck at three houses in different localities in the outskirts of the city in a single night and decamped with about 125 sovereigns of gold jewellery besides cash to the tune of Rs 1 lakh. In one of the incidents, the burglars had locked adjacent houses before the break-in to prevent neighbours from getting out to catch them.Police said the modus operandi in the three incidents was different and suspect that it might be the handiwork of different gangs. \"We have picked up certain clues. The modus operandi of the culprits in the incident where the neighbouring houses were locked before the burglary clearly shows they are habitual offenders,'' said ADSP A Myilvaganan. Fingerprints have been lifted from the three houses and sent for analysis.At Rajeswari Sankaran's house at Virattipathu, the burglars had also decamped with 1500 US dollars and Rs 50,000 besides 60 sovereigns of gold. Rajeswari's husband Sankaran, an auditor, works in Nigeria. Rajeswari, a school teacher, was living with her two children at the Jain Nagar residence in Virattipathu where the burglars broke open the main door and gained entry. Since Rajeswari and the children were fast asleep on the first floor, they were not aware about the entry of the burglars. She noticed the broken open suitcase only in the morning.The burglars also chose another house where two women were living alone. \"Bagyalakshmi, also a school teacher, was living with her aged mother Karuthamma at Chathrapatti. She went out of the house to answer nature's call around 3 am. and returned in a few minutes. By that time, the burglars who had kept a watch must have gained entry into the house. The four-member gang then sedated them with a spray and decamped with 45 sovereigns of gold and Rs 80,000,'' said police.\"The burglars had locked the adjacent houses before they entered my sister's house to prevent neighbours from chasing them in case my sister raised an alarm,\" said Bagyalakshmi's brother Senthil Kumar.At Umachikulam, the burglars broke open the house of Chandran, a government employee, and decamped with 35 sovereigns of gold. Chandran was sleeping in the first floor while the jewels were in the ground floor, police said. \"Chandran's wife Rajalakshmi had come down to the first floor only in the morning when she noticed that the front door was open. She rushed inside to find the bureau also open,'' police said.Police said all three incidents appear to have been well planned. The culprits must have studied the victim's house and surroundings much before committing the offence, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11608887", "title": "\u2018Matdata jagrukta\u2019 rally taken out", "text": "ALLAHABAD: 'Matdata Jagrukta' Rally was taken out by the NSS volunteers of unit No 18, 19, 22 and 23 of Allahabad Degree College. NSS convenor of University of Allahabad Prof Uma Kant Yadav inaugurated the procession which started from the camp and went upto the Sangam and again came back to the camp. Programme officers Dr Arvind Mishra, Dr Sanjay Singh , Dr Malti and Dr Sumita Tandon were present on this occasion. In the afternoon Dr B B Tripathi delivered a lecture on the topic Role of voters in a democratic country. Meanwhile, CPI(ML) New Democracy's Chail candidate Comrade Ramlal's campaign has intensified in the terai areas of Jamuna and Ganga through group and corner meetings and reading out leaflets.Workshop: Workshop on Telecom Awareness jointly organised by Bharat Jyoti, Lucknow TRAI, Institution of Engineers Allahabad Chapter will be held on January 24 at Institution of Engineers Hall, MNNIT.Birth anniversary: Jai Hind Foundation, Allahabad celebrated the birth anniversary of Subhash Chandra Bose on Monday at the Chandra Shekhar Azad park. Those who were present on the occasion included convenor of Jai Hind Foundation Raju Jai Hind, Laxman Jai Hind, Pradeep Jai Hind &amp; others.Inaugurated: Excellence centre of Computer Society of India ( CSI ) was inaugurated at Shambhunath Institute of Engineering and Technology recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11609796", "title": "Parwanoo-Kalka stretch to open in a month", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Those headed for Shimla from Tricity will be able to reach the hills quickly as National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) has made it clear that four-laned Kalka-Parwanoo highway would be thrown open for public within a month. The authority stated this in front of a division bench headed by Justice M M Kumar of Punjab and Haryana high court during hearing of a public interest litigation (PIL) regarding the issue. NHAI also said that the project had got delayed due to harsh weather conditions.The development is significant because with the opening of the road, commuters won't have to travel through the towns of Pinjore, Kalka and Parwanoo, which prove to be bottlenecks at present. This stretch of the journey takes an hour and more to complete. The statement was made by NHAI in an affidavit filed through its project director, Anil Dahiya, before the bench. Affidavit added that weather conditions were expected to be improve in next 7-10 days and remaining work regarding the safety of the road would be completed in another 15-20 days, following which the bypass would be opened.Long AwaitedThe bypass was to be completed by December 2010. However, the deadline was shifted several times and taken to December 2011. The stretch is not functioning even now The 11-kilometre bypass will begin near Mallah road, about 400 metres from Pinjore's Yadvendra Garden, and would join the national highway near Timber Trail in Parwanoo passing through horticulture garden, Amar palace, Bitna village, Tipra village and Kamli village in Himachal Pradesh. It has a 5.5 km stretch in Haryana, while the remaining part is in HPOfficials say the bypass would have 15 bridges and five underpasses and is part of the Rs-600 crore Zirakpur-Parwanoo four-laning project taken up by NHAI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11608110", "title": "HC dismisses oldest criminal appeal of 1986", "text": "MUMBAI: The oldest criminal appeal, concerning a daylight murder in Mumbai in 1984, was finally disposed of by the Bombay High Court on Monday. A division bench of Justice V M Kanade and Justice M L Tahaliyani dismissed an appeal filed by the state government over 25 years ago challenging the acquittal of seven accused in the murder case.\"The registry's note said that this was the oldest criminal appeal pending before the high court,\" said additional public prosecutor Pradeep Hingorani.There are around 2.2 lakh civil and criminal cases pending before the high court. Around 3,600 criminal appeals are filed every year before the high court by accused and the state government against convictions and acquittals. The 1986 appeal was one of the 20,000 appeals (including revision applications) pending before the high court.The present case relates to an incident dating back to February 2, 1984. A local gangster, Maxi Mendonsa, was on his way to the Andheri metropolitan court for hearing in a case. The police case was that the seven accused-Ramnath Patil, Suresh Sable, Mohan Asolkar, Dilip Nyanirgune, Atmaram patil, Kishore Patil and Ashok Jagpat-tried to intercept an autorickshaw Mendonsa was travelling in. The accused, all residents of Sion, Chunabatti, were travelling in two taxis. A chase ensued and Mendonsa fell into a ditch. The accused assaulted him with choppers and knives and killed him. The police registered a murder case and arrested the accused.Two of the eyewitnesses, who had taken down the registration number of the taxis, turned hostile, while a third, a taxi driver, could not properly identify the accused.In December 1985, a sessions court acquitted all the seven accused, giving them benefit of doubt. The state challenged the trial court's verdict and filed an appeal in the high court in 1986, where it was pending all these years.Late last year, the matter was placed for hearing before the high court. Hingorani argued that the trial judge had not properly appreciated the evidence submitted by the police. The high court did not agree with the prosecution and upheld the acquittal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11609023", "title": "2G case: NGO says Khurshid batting for companies", "text": "NEW DELHI: Stung by the Centre's charge that the petition on 2G scam in the Supreme Court has turned into a politically-motivated litigation, NGO Centre for Public Interest Litigation on Monday accused law ministry of overlooking Attorney General's opinion to take a view that \"no case was made out against Loop-Essar\".Filing an application in response to the Centre's affidavit accusing the petitioner organization of inimically posted towards the ruling party, the petitioner said: \"interference in the investigation by the Union ministers, especially Salman Khurshid, is apparent. Khurshid has publicly given clean chit to Essar/Loop.\"The government had accused the office-bearers of the petitioner organization of misusing the litigation in apex court to target ministers, law officers and senior CBI officials to settle political score.But the CPIL's application filed through advocate Pranav Sachdeva made a comparison of the Attorney General's opinion given to the CBI and an \"unsolicited\" one rendered by the law ministry to express apprehension that the investigations in this case was not taken to logical conclusion.It said: \"The AG in his opinion had listed out as many as 22 solid facts/instances as unearthed in CBI investigation that made a clear cut case of cheating. Despite this the law ministry under instruction from Khurshid, gave an opinion that no case is made out. This opinion, along with law ministry's earlier opinion, is now being used by the accused to seek quashing of charges.\"The CBI in its Loop-Essar chargesheet had pressed home the offence of cheating and not fastened conspiracy and corruption charges against any of the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11609833", "title": "Students clash in Gujarat College", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Two groups of students clashed at Gujarat Arts and Science College campus on Monday afternoon. The incident was reported to Ellisbridge police station.Principal of the college A S Rathore said that two group of students got drawn into a scuffle which went out of hand. The students not only heaped verbal expletives on each other but also hit each other with sticks. One boy sustained major injuries and was admitted to VS hospital for treatment.\"We have decided not to allow any student involved in this offence to go unpunished. Three students have been identified. We have reported the incident to the police and have also instituted an internal inquiry,\" said Rathore. Sources on the campus said that the clash was the fallout of a love triangle which involved one girl and two boys.tnnThe incident happened when the two boys who were in love with the same girl clashed on the campus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11601464", "title": "Dhanush signs first Hindi film", "text": "Aanand L Rai will direct the Kolaveri Di singer in his next film, set against the backdrop of BanarasDirector Aanand L Rai has signed Tamil actor Dhanush for his film. He says, \"For the past six months, I've been looking for a simple boy to play the lead in Raanjhnaa. My requirement was a man who could look vulnerable on screen. When I saw Dhanush in the Tamil film Aadukalam (for which he won the National award), I liked him immediately. He looks very ordinary and honest, and that was the demand of the character.\"Dhanush doesn't know Hindi; won't language be a problem? Dhanush says, \"The problem is not language. It's culture. I will learn the culture and the language will come automatically.\"Rai adds that he's not worried about it. \"The film is an intense love story. Just like my film Tanu Weds Manu, the film and its characters will take you to Delhi, Punjab, Chennai, etc.\"When quizzed about why he chose Raanjhnaa as his first Hindi film, Dhanush says, \"The passion Aanand had for the script and his reasons why only I could do this film convinced me. I liked the fact that he wanted me in the film even before Kolaveri Di happened. It's a big deal to get a launch like this at the beginning of my career here. Aanand's script is different from regular cinema; it's one of those 'made to make a difference' kind of films.\" Dhanush says he'd never visited Banaras before signing this film. \"I felt ashamed when I went there with Aanand for the first time. I didn't know anything about it, and it's in my country! I didn't understand the language, the culture...but I was fascinated by its beauty and divinity. I'm planning to hire a coach and have also bought a book to learn Hindi. I am sure by the time the shoot gets over, I will communicate fluently in it.\"Upala KBR", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11609752", "title": "I-T dept puts bungalow under hammer", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It was one of the first mansions to be built near Kankaria Lake in Maninagar during the 1970s. The bungalow, LT House, belonging to a private financier, however, witnessed several raids by income tax between 1990 and 1997. Following the raids the house was vacated by the residents and now is going under the hammer.Owner Laxminarayan Tulsidas Thakkar, who was a leading money lender in the 80s and 90s, his son Kalpesh and their companies were slapped notices to pay around Rs 100 crore by different offices of the I-T department. Thakkar had office at Manek Chowk. During the searches, I-T sleuths had seized cash and jewellery worth lakhs of rupees. I-T sources said a diary was also recovered containing details of the money allegedly given to Thakkar by several government officials and politicians to fuel private financing.\"Two separate offices of the department had issued notices to Thakkar after which he had gone to the settlement commission. The present auction is being carried out by the Range 3 office which as per the settlement commission's order has to recover Rs 6.5 crore from Thakkar (individual) and Rs 12.49 crore from L T Thakkar (HUF). We also have to recover Rs 1.5 crore as taxes from his son Kalpesh,\" said an I-T official.The officials said the recovery amount is minus the tax that the assessee has to pay for delaying the tax payment.\"To recover the tax we have decided to auction the housewhich we had attached in 2009. The departmental valuators have pegged the property at Rs 1.77 crore,\" he said. The Range 7 of Ahmedabad income tax department has a pending tax demand of around Rs 50 crore from Thakkar.Talking to TOI, Thakkar's son Kalpesh said, \"The department is in possession of other items like cash and jewellery which is sufficient to recover the tax. The idea of auctioning the property is not understood.\"The income department has decided to auction the house to recover the tax arrears and have kept a bidding meet on February 2.A school was being run insideWhen TOI visited the bungalow under hammer on Monday, it was found that a nursery school was operating inside. The school was being run by Kalpesh Thakkar. The bungalow was attached and sealed by income tax department in 2009. Senior I-T officials said, \"We came to know about the school when officials went there a couple of weeks back to stick the notice of auction outside the bungalow. Legally, once the property is attached it can't be used by the occupants unless directed by the court.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11608919", "title": "Army NGO erects night shelters", "text": "NEW DELHI: Days after TOI highlighted the plight of hundreds of patients undergoing treatment at AIIMS and their relatives who had to battle the cold; wives of BSF personnel erected temporary night shelters for them on Monday. The shelters - six tents erected near the AIIMS Trauma Center - have the capacity to accommodate close to 60 people. It has facilities such as mattresses, blankets, pillows and water for the patients and relative. A TV set has also been provided.Shefali Bansal, president of the BSF Wives Welfare Association ( BWWA) and wife of BSF chief U K Bansal said she was donating the tents to the AIIMS administration on behalf of the force.\"It was shocking to learn that patients' relatives who come from far away have to live in the open in this chilling cold. When we read about their pathetic condition we decided to do something for them,\" said a senior BSF official. He said that the tents erected by them are made of thick cloth which insulates people from the cold outside and it is used by army jawans too.The BSF Wives Welfare Association helps in the welfare and rehabilitation of the families of both living and martyred troopers of the border guarding force. The Delhi Government had to arrange a shelter for patients and relatives at the AIIMS main campus recently following a directive from the Supreme Court.A doctor at the AIMS Trauma Center said, \"BSF Wives Welfare Association (BWWA) had approached us to erect temporary shelters after going through media reports on the plight of the patient's relatives who are forced to stay in open or in under-construction toilets or squat outside the hospital premises in this terrible cold.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11615729", "title": "How tech helped crack Mumbai blast case", "text": "MUMBAI: Technology has played a major role in the probe into the 13/7 blasts. Four cop teams went through images from 187 CCTV cameras for 29 days before they zeroed in on the planters.\"Our staff worked for 696 hours on 187 cameras' images that we obtained from various locations. Some images were highly damaged, while some had a lot of smoke, making it difficult to get leads. Our staff did not give up and worked hard,\" said Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS) chief Rakesh Maria. At one point, the ATS almost lost hope. \"Soon we got advanced software from a European company that helped forensic experts make the blurred images clearer,\" he added.Face-recognition experts were used and cell phone tracking and other technologies were also employed.According to Maria more than 150 officers from the Mumbai police, besides those from Delhi, Kolkata and Bihar, did investigations. Investigators interrogated 12,373 people and recorded their statements. \"Our investigation was spread across 18 states.... Importance was given to tracing the financial trail, like who sent the Rs 10 lakh to execute the blasts, who received the money and how many people were taken into confidence to distribute the money,\" said an ATS officer.\"We have obtained DNA from the room they stayed in. The police found that Naqi Ahmed and Nadeem Akhtar also visited the rented room in Byculla where the planters stayed,\" said a source. The computer seized from the rented room contains incriminating files and information, according to police. A copy of the hard disk is being studied and the forensic laboratory will submit a final report in the next week, said the source. The ATS team included deputy commissioner of police Pradeep Sawant, assistant commissioners Ashok Kamat and Samad Shaikh, and inspectors Dinesh Kadam, Sukhlal Varpe and S Pawar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11609501", "title": "Session on Rajasthani cinema fails to excite", "text": "JAIPUR: A session on Rajasthani cinema that was meant to shed light on how the state's rich culture and history can be tapped by the film industry was reduced to superfluous chat session which failed to connect with the audience.The presence of eminent filmmaker Govind Nihalani as a panelist, and lyricist Javed Akhtar in the crowd failed to salvage the session.Nihalani, without providing any suggestions over improving the quality of regional cinema, went on a rampage against the state government for not supporting filmmakers.\"The state government should provide incentives to encourage cinema,\" said Nihalani. The audience however, disagreed with Nihalani's views. \"Why do we look at the state for all the help? \"Shahrukh Khan and Nagesh Kukunoor made films like Paheli and Dor without any assistance from the state, yet managed to portray the state in a new light,\" said a discerning listener.The other panelist singer Ila Arun read out an essay on the historical and mythological aspects of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11611175", "title": "Now, home buyers can complain by e-mail", "text": "CHENNAI: The Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Association of India (CREDAI), a forum of builders, has put house buyers' grievance redressal mechanism on the fast track by introducing an e-based redressal system.Hereafter, house buyers in Chennai can prefer complaints against builders to CREDAI's grievance redressal forum by e-mail, said N Nandakumar, chairman of mission transparency, an initiative undertaken by the builders' body across the nation to improve the quality of service offered by its members.CREDAI national secretary T Chitty Babu said here on Monday that the grievance redressal forum in TN, established two years ago, had received 27 complaints and that all those disputes were settled.Babu said builders could be held responsible for defects like cracks developing in pillars, beams and roofs of residential buildings even after a decade of construction.Replying to a question on if there was any timeframe for customers to prefer complaints against builders, Babu said, \"Builders gives a guarantee for 12 months. The proposed real estate regulatory bill is likely to extend this deadline to two years.\"But in case of major structural defects, there is no timeframe. If a competent agency proves that the quality of construction is substandard and the building is structurally weak, then the builder can be taken to task even after 10 years of construction.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11609191", "title": "13/7 case cracked, but big fish still at large", "text": "MUMBAI: More than six months after three bombs killed 27 people and injured 137 others in Mumbai, the Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS) announced on Monday that it had cracked the case. Two arrests have been made while a third is expected in a few days. However, in a major disappointment, the arrests are only of the facilitators.The three main conspirators, mastermind Yasin Bhatkal and two bomb planters, have been named as wanted accused and are on the run. Those arrested are Naqi Ahmed, 22, and Nadeem Akhtar, 23, both originally from Darbhanga, Bihar.ATS chief Rakesh Maria said the 13/7 blasts - at Zaveri Bazar, Opera House and Dadar - were the handiwork of Indian Mujahideen. Police said Rs 10 lakh was sent to India via Dubai and Nepal to fund 13/7, Delhi HC and Pune German Bakery blasts.After the Mumbai ATS held a press conference in Mumbai on Monday to say it had cracked the 13/7 blasts case, some TV channels said the Union home ministry was baffled by the ATS announcement and was upset it hadn't been informed about the developments. There were also reports that the home ministry said the cops were trying to cover up a recent bungle. However, home ministry sources later denied these claims.Arrested accused Naqi Ahmed, 22, and Nadeem Akhtar, 23, were already in custody in a SIM card forgery case. A third man, Haroon Naik, 33, is expected to be arrested in a few days. \"These accused facilitated, aided and abetted the July 13 blasts. We will take Naik into custody soon,\" said ATS chief Rakesh Maria during the press briefing.Police teams have been dispatched to various places to trace the wanted accused. Aside from IM founding member Bhatkal, the police showed the other two absconders as simply accused A and B. However, sources said they are most likely Waqqas and Tabrez, two Pakistani nationals who both Delhi police and Mumbai ATS were tracking at Habib Apartments, Byculla, till recently.Due to an alleged turf battle between the two police teams, which the ATS has denied, the three men reportedly escaped. All the accused have been charged with murder, attempt to murder, and crimes under the Explosives Act and Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11609126", "title": "Two city cops suspended", "text": "HYDERABAD: A city inspector and RC Puram sub divisional police officer (SDPO) were suspended on Monday for allegedly indulging in corrupt practices by settling land disputes.Hyderabad police commissioner AK Khan has suspended Tukaramgate inspector S Santosh Kiran for demanding and accepting Rs one lakh bribe from the complainant, Sridhar Rao, to arrest an accused in a land dispute case at Mahindra Hills. The inspector took the money through a mediator, Surjeet Singh.Based on the complaint lodged by the victim a week ago, the commissioner had ordered an inquiry. The inquiry conducted by Gopalapuram ACP P V Muralidhar confirmed that the inspector was guilty. Based on the report, the commissioner issued orders on Monday suspending Santosh Kiran. CCS inspector Vikram Dev has replaced Santosh Kiran.In a similar development, director-general of police ( DGP) V Dinesh Reddy issued orders suspending R C Puram SDPO P Venkataratnam on Monday.\"The RC Puram SDPO has been suspended for serious allegations of corruption, including demanding illegal gratification for settling land disputes. She was ordered to handover the charge to additional SP and stay in Hyderabad,\" additional DG S A Huda said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11609415", "title": "Man poisons friends, one dies", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Death was delivered to them in a delicacy. Three friends, after being invited to an impromptu meeting with a friend-turned-foe, went to meet him and were served deadly dabelis spiked with some poisonous substance. One of them died and the two others are in hospital.According to Chandkheda police officials, Kailash Prajapati was a friend of Manish Rathod, Pankaj Upadhyay and Mangal Prajapati. All of them in their early twenties live close to each other in Chandkheda, said police. They would often meet in the evenings for snacks and occasional rounds of drinks.But, Kailash parted ways with the trio after a disagreement over his sister's relationship with a local youth, Gaurav. \"The dispute took place around four months back when Kailash opposed the romantic link-up between his sister and Gaurav. He asked his friends to help him beat up Gaurav. However, the trio not only refused to help but also befriended Gaurav,\" said a Chandkheda police official.After this incident, Kailash did not keep in touch with the three. On Sunday though they got call from Kailash who expressed a wish to meet. \"Though this came as a surprise, the three friends thought that Kailash wanted to mend his ways. They met at an open plot near the new CG Road in Chandkheda at 10.30 pm. Kailash was ready with a bottle of foreign liquor and a packet of dabelis for the group. The group first had drinks to celebrate Kailash' birthday and then ate the dabelis. Kailash refrained from eating anything and said he already had food. After having dabeli, the trio started vomiting,\" said SB Trivedi, inspector of Chandkheda police station.While the trio called another friend for help, Kailash fled the spot. The three were rushed to a nearby private hospital. Among them Mangal, 20, a pani puri vendor, died late in the night whereas two others are under observation. \"We believe that Kailash wanted vengeance for his friends' closeness to Gaurav. He mixed some poisonous substance in the dabeli. We have sent samples of the dabelis to forensic experts and have begun a search for Kailash who has been missing since the incident,\" said Trivedi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11609391", "title": "B2 bypass row: SC extends hearing to January 30", "text": "JAIPUR: The residents of Mansarovar who have been opposed to allowing movement of heavy traffic on B2 bypass faced a setback on Monday as the Supreme Court extended the date for hearing of the case till January 30.After the recent high court decision to open the bypass to heavy traffic on January 28, the residents approached the apex court to challenge the order.However, now with the date for hearing being extended, the bypass will be open to heavy vehicles on the scheduled date.President of Mansarovar Vikas Manch Abhay Purohit said, \"The Supreme Court has asked for more supportive documents and extended the date. We are disappointed but will continue to protest and not allow authorities to cut the trees.\"He added, \" In the caveat filed by the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) in the Supreme Court on Friday following the public interest litigation (PIL) filed by us, the JDA has mentioned that the road along the Dwarkadas Park is 200 feet wide, which is not true. The Supreme Court has asked us to get an affidavit on the actual width of the road.\"Due to the ongoing protest, the department has not cut the trees for road widening.The residents claim the concerned department will be opening the bypass to heavy vehicles without any preparation, thereby, putting the lives of nearby residents at risk. \"There are around 3,200 houses along the highway and the department has provided entry and exit points in two areas for the residents. This is likely to increase the chances of accidents,\" a resident complained.On the basis of a survey report, the high court recently decided to allow heavy traffic on the B2 bypass.The court had asked the traffic control board to carry out a survey of the traffic, population of the surrounding area and width of the road at Gopalpura bypass and B2 bypass and submit a report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11609891", "title": "GTU explores tie-up with German univ", "text": "VADODARA: Germany-based Fachhochschule Bielefeld also known as the University of Applied Sciences (UAS) Bielefeld may enter into collaboration with the Gujarat Technological University (GTU). A delegation from the German varsity comprising of three German professors are touring Gujarat under the \"fact finding tour to India\" programme.The professors including dean of Faculty of Business and Health Management Uwe Roesseler, dean of Engineering and Mathematics Lothar Budde and visiting professor at UAS, Bielefeld Ramesh Shah visited the Parul Group of Institutes on Monday to explore possibilities of conducting joint programmes in engineering and management streams.On Tuesday, these professo-rs will meet GTU vice-chancellor Akshai Agrawal apart from deans of engineering faculty and chairpersons of academic councils of GTU to discuss fut-ure prospects for joint progra-mme in coordination with GTU in the fields of engineering and management. Later, they will also meet minister of state for higher education Vasuben Trivedi to explore joint academic programmes betwe-en Gujarat government and government of Germany.Talking to media persons, Roesseler opined that German government has recognized that German technology and Indian brain can produce miraculous research.\"Although language is the biggest barrier as education in Germany is essentially offered in German language, things are changing as more courses are being offered in English language as well,\" he said.Since 2010, the German university has already collaborated with city-based Parul Institute of Management. The German delegation will also visit Gandhi Ashram, Science City apart from visiting Bombardier, L&T; Knowledge City and Linde Engineering India Private Limited before leaving for Germany on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11613542", "title": "Peter Andre's kung-fu ambition", "text": "Peter Andre wants to get a black belt in kung-fu.The 'Behind Closed Doors' singer and his six-year-old son, Junior, have been having lessons in the martial arts sport and he is keen for both of them to become experts.Peter - who also has a four-year-old daughter Princess Tiaamii with ex-wife Katie Price - said: \"Now the kids are back at school, they're back into having Greek lessons, and me and Junior have been having some more kung-fu lessons. We've got a private tutor who comes round to the house - it's brilliant!\"I'm hoping to be a black belt by this time next year and Junior wants to reach the child's equivalent. We are not to be messed with!\"As well as working on his kung fu skills, the reality TV star is also concentrating on his music career.He added in his column for new! magazine: \"I haven't worked on my music for a while, as you know, so I'm really excited to be going to Los Angeles next month to work on my new album so it's ready for my tour at the end of the year. It'll be so good to sing again.\"Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11611281", "title": "CSMU convocation on Jan 28", "text": "KANPUR: Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University will hold its convocation ceremony on January 28. A meeting would be held on Tuesday to review the preparations.Various issues regarding convocation would be discussed. Governor BL Joshi would attend the convocation and the security would remain tight. Those having entry passes will be allowed to enter the main auditorium where the convocation ceremony would be held.CSMU vice-chancellor Ashok Kumar , registrar Syed Waqar Hussain and heads of different committees formed to conduct the function, would attend the meeting.The authorities have decided to hold rehearsals on January 27. The students, who would be awarded degrees and medals, will take part in the rehearsals.Chief guest would be Narendra Jadhav, member of Planning Commission and National Advisory Council.Faiz Fatima, an MA student of DG College has been chosen for Governor's Gold Medal. She would also get Governor's Silver Medal and Governor Medal for being the best student.Eleven students, seven girls and four boys, would be receive VC Gold Medal. Also, 17 girl students would receive Governor's Silver Medal.Around 3,800 students get degrees, 89 would get medals, 401 PhDs would be awarded and two students would be given DLit degrees.The university has made available convocation related information on its website which could be checked by logging on to www.kanpuruniversity.org.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11608534", "title": "AC dormitory to open at Thane station", "text": "MUMBAI: Central Railway (CR) will inaugurate an air-conditioned dormitory on the suburban sectionin Thane on Wednesday.A brainchild of CR general manager Subodh Jain, the dormitory at Thane will have 24 berths. \"Any person with a valid ticket can book a berth in the dormitory for Rs 100 for 12 hours and Rs 150 for 24 hours,\" a CR official said. There are also plans to open a similar facility at Dadar and Kalyan too. A makeshift AC dormitory has also been set up at Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus (CST).An official said the dormitory, to be maintained and operated by a private contractor, will meet the growing needs of passengers who alight at Thane.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11610963", "title": "Nurses unpaid for 3 months", "text": "MUMBAI: Close to 100 nurses from the four state-run hospitals- JJ, St George, GT and Cama and Alblesshave not received their salaries for the past three months. The hospital authorities have been citing technical difficulties for the non-payment.In all these hospitals, the junior nurses are bearing the brunt of 'computerization of service records'. The leader of nurses' union at St George Hospital, Kalpana Sonawane, said around 50 nurses are working without salaries for nearly three months.\"It is getting tough for them. There are only two computers and a handful staffers to finish the work,\" she said.Around 50 other nurses from the rest of the three hospitals are facing the same situation.Dean of JJ group of hospitals, Dr T P Lahane, said that only nurses who have been recently transferred to the city are affected. \"Their service records need to be updated. Till then, we cannot pay them,\" he said.He, however, said only 27 nurses are without pay currently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11609936", "title": "Training in self-defence for girls", "text": "BHOPAL: A five-day \"commando training\" programme for Saraswati Shishu mandir students from all across the state concluded at the TT Nagar Stadium here on Monday. Martial arts instructor Deepak Dubey, imparted training to over 1,100 girl students of Saraswati Shishu Mandir from across the state.Devendra Bhargava, principal of Saraswati Shishu Mandir, said, \"The main objective of the training programme was to instill confidence and impart self-defence techniques among the girls.\"Various stunts were performed by the girl students.Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan and former RSS chief K Sudarshan attended the closing ceremony", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "11609923", "title": "SRDSIL's first diamond auction a success", "text": "SURAT: Surat Rough Diamond Sourcing India Limited's (SRDSIL) first online auction of rough diamonds was a huge success, with the consortium selling Rs 86 crore worth of goods to the bidders from the industry, especially from Surat and Mumbai last Saturday.About 57,000 carats of big sized stones valued at Rs 93 crore, ranging from 50 cents to 20 carats - the stones were sourced mainly from Zimbabwe and Russia - were put up for online auction by the diamond consortium. Of this, the consortium claimed to have sold 46,500 carats of rough diamonds.Chandrakant Sanghavi, director, SRDSIL, said, \"We have fetched 93 per cent in value and 82 per cent of the goods put up for online auction was sold off to the bidders, mainly from Surat and Mumbai. This success will open up new avenues for the diamond consortium in the coming days. Now, we plan to organize a similar auction with low range goods, which could be ideal for small and medium manufacturers.\"The first ever online auction of rough stones by the diamond consortium had faced ire from small and medium diamond manufacturers in the city. They had alleged the consortium had strayed away from its primary objective of helping the small and medium firms to get direct access to rough stocks from mining countries.\"We have kept certain stock reserved for small and medium diamantaires. This will be put up for auction in the next few days,\" Sanghavi added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "11609406", "title": "Medha Patekar assaulted after accident", "text": "MALDA: Social activist Medha Patekar and her driver were assaulted by locals after her car hit a girl at Kaliachak on Monday morning. She was detained for more than an hour. Police had to rush to her rescue and Patekar was sent away in another car.Patekar was on her way to Islampore to attend a programme organized by Lokshakti Abhijan and Taso and Adivasi Jami Rakkha Committee. Around 11.00am, when she reached Kaliachak, her car hit a girl named Baby Mandal. Hundreds of onlookers rushed to the spot and pulled the driver out of the car. Patekar too was assaulted while protecting him. Locals also ransacked the car.They demanded compensation for the injured girl and asked that the driver be punished. She herself handed over Rs 500 for the treatment of the victim. Later, police arrived and on recognizing Patekar, rescued her from the agitators. They arranged for another car for Patekar to move.Block Development Officer of Kaliachak-1 Tamojit Chakraborty conceded the fact saying, \"It is surprising that police didn't inform us about the incident. I came to know from other sources.\" Patekar finally reached Islampore in the afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11609724", "title": "BS Yeddyurappa takes BIMS students through his jail yatra", "text": "BANGALORE: Former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa may have lost the CM's gaddi, but the optimism in him will never die.\"'I am the best, I can do it, God is with me, I am the winner, today is my day!' I say this to myself every morning and begin my day,\" he told students of Bangalore Institute of Management (BIMS) on Monday.Speaking on 'Leadership, Basics and Beyond', the former CM said: \"I wonder why I've been asked to speak to students, because I'm someone who has always been busy with farmers and poor people. I hesitate to talk on leadership qualities. We politicians are standing in glass houses, pelting stones at each other. Those living here might hesitate to identify themselves as natives of Karnataka. Such is the impression of Karnataka politics,\" he said.During his 35-minute speech, the ex-CM was in his usual rigid mood, and took the students through his 24 days in jail. \"For the first time in the history of Karnataka, a chief minister was sent to jail for 24 days, for a silly reason, based on a private complaint. But I made use of those days, I started writing my autobiography. Leadership is not about being in position, but in action,\" he said.He refused to interact with the students. \"I might not be prompt in answering your questions when I am facing allegations. I will come to you when I am free of allegations.\"The former CM also criticized the media, and advised the students: \"Don't come to any conclusion about me by reading newspapers and watching television channels. They will also realize later that they made an unforgivable mistake,\" he claimed.'I don't deserve doctorate'The BIMS premises was decorated with huge cutouts of Yeddyurappa in convocation robes receiving an honorary doctorate from an American university in 2008. But instructed the organizers to bring them down.\"I don't deserve that doctorate as long as poor persons in my state struggle for two meals a day,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "11610724", "title": "Rantalodhi villagers relent, agree for rehab", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: With the relocation exercise going on in full gear in Tadoba Andhari Tiger Reserve, Rantalohi village, which so far was most reluctant towards rehabilitation, too has responded positively to the rehabilitation call. Around 100 families from Rantalodhi have expressed their consent for relocation out of the tiger reserve.Out of six villages located inside TATR, Rantalodhi and Kolsa villages were most averse to relocation out of tiger reserve. However, 38 families from the partially relocated Kolsa village recently agreed to move out of the reserve with a cash compensation package of Rs10 lakh each. Five of them have practically moved out of Kolsa. Taking the cue, around 100 families of Rantalohi approached the authorities, expressing willingness for relocation.\"There are around 140 families in Rantalodhi. Of these, around 100 have approached the rehabilitation department. While some have asked for cash compensation option under Rs10 lakh rehabilitation package, others have opted for rehabilitation with full residential and civic amenities out of TATR. A few of them have also expressed their willingness to go to Bhagwanpur,\" said field director and CCF, TATR, Vinaykumar Sinha.He said that the initial relocation site selected for Rantalodhi was near Golabhuj village in Sindewahi forest range. However, now they have refused to move to Golabhuj and seeking new site near village Belgata in the same range. This new site is along the Mul-Sindewahi road.There is, however, a hurdle. \"A patch of this site falls in the wildlife corridor, while a big chunk of the site is dense jungle and cannot be made available for rehabilitation. Only 100 hectares of open patch is available at this place. Therefore, this place can be considered for relocation only if the families that want to move here make do with the open patch,\" Sinha said.With some families seeking cash compensation, while others seeking relocation at Bhagwanpur, there is a possibility of managing the remaining families at new site near Belgata.However, if the number of families increases, then people of Rantalodhi will have to look for some other site for relocation.Bhagwanpur a preferred choiceSince the commencement of three lift irrigation schemes to provide irrigation facility to Bhagwanpur, this model rehabilitation site of two TATR villages has become the centre of attraction for villagers seeking rehabilitation out of tiger reserve. Some families from Rantalodhi village have asked for rehabilitation at Bhagwanpur, instead of a new site elsewhere. Similarly, five of the families in Kolsa village too have approached forest authorities, seeking relocation at Bhagwanpur. Strong opponent of rehabilitation at Bhagwanpur, Sudhakar Madavi of Kolsa village, too has expressed his willingness to go to Bhagwanpur, after the launch of irrigation schemes. The work of construction of lift irrigation scheme is underway on war-footing at Bhagwanpur and irrigation department is determined to complete its construction before onset of the next summer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11609530", "title": "Banned lottery tickets seized, 4 held", "text": "COIMBATORE: Four persons including a lottery agent who run a grey market in Coimbatore and neighboring Palakkad in Kerala were arrested on Monday morning for carrying 1,02,150 banned Sikkim lottery tickets from Chennai to the city through a parcel service company.The arrested are identified as A Raheem who engaged in illegal circulation of lotteries in Coimbatore and Palakkad, his employees T Senkili Durai, P Suruliraj and T Annadurai. Based on a tip-off, Race Course police inspector TH Ganesh and his team raided the warehouse of City Travels, a parcel service company, on Monday morning. They arrested Durai, Suruliraj and Annadurai while they received the parcel that contained the banned tickets. Police have also seized two motor cycles and a scooter from the three persons. They later arrested Raheem and seized Rs 1.86 lakh from him. Raheem confessed that the tickets were meant for sale in Walayar region of Palakkad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11610293", "title": "Civic polls: Congress ropes in Namdeo Dhasal to take on NCP", "text": "PUNE: The Congress is leaving no stone unturned to give the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) a run for its money in the Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation. As part of the latest move, the party on Monday struck a deal with Sharad Pawar's staunch critic Dalit Panther leader Namdeo Dhasal, who immediately fired a salvo at the Pawar family accusing them of politicking for the cause of the wealthy class.Political observers have dubbed the alliance as a desperate bid by the Congress to wrest power from the NCP in the city and the neighbouring twin township.\"Sharad Pawar and his party have always played politics for the 'ahe re' (the established wealthy class). They have never bothered about the lower classes and its problems. The Dalit Panther has decided to join hands with the Congress in Pune, Pimpri-Chinchwad and Solapur municipal corporation elections with the belief that it can bring about change,\" Dhasal told reporters at Congress Bhavan on Monday.Interestingly, Dhasal's party is in alliance with the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and the Shiv Sena in Mumbai. Recently, the saffron alliance announced its grand alliance - 'maha yuti' - for the upcoming Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation elections.\"I have some compulsions in Mumbai. Ramdas Athavale (of the Republican Party of India-Athavale group) treats me as his 'guru'. He joined hands with the BJP-Sena combine without any deliberations. I do not want to create problems for Athavale's political future in Mumbai. That's the reason why I am with the BJP-Sena alliance in Mumbai,\" he said.\"We have allied with the Congress at the last minute. So we don't have any major demands. We want five seats in Pune and three in Pimpri-Chinchwad,\" Dhasal added.Congress minister Patangrao Kadam, who is the architect of the Congress alliance with the Dalit Panther, said, \"We are discussing with Dhasal. Though it is a little late for an alliance to be formed, we will ensure that the party gets some benefits.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11613365", "title": "Daniel loves to underplay!", "text": "Daniel Balaji, who shot to fame with his role as one of the cops in Kaakha Kaakha, is currently shooting for debutant Kamal's Marumugam, touted to be a whodunnit thriller.Says the director, \"This film is being narrated from the POV of the heroine, played by Ramya. It's a chase between two guys - one who loves Ramya and the other whom she loves.\"A source reveals, \"Daniel plays a guy with negative shades, who poses as someone he's not, to usurp something that does not belong to him! The role requires him to underplay his character and he's doing a wonderful job. Anoop (of Chikku Bhukku fame) plays the other hero in the film. Kamal, who earlier won the best screenplay and story award for a Malaysian Tamil film, 12 Hours, is currently shooting in Kodaikanal for this Tamil film.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11609090", "title": "Madrassas groom \u2018social reformers\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: It wasn't a degree in law that helped Fatima Begum (name changed) win her battle for mehr (dower or gift money for the bride).Armed with an exhaustive knowledge of Islamic scriptures, the madrassa-educated Fatima instinctively browsed through each clause of the talaq document her husband had handed her, only to find that he had replaced 'talaq' with 'qula' (woman seeking divorce from husband in which she is not entitled to mehr and other rights). She dragged her ex-husband and the document to Darul Qaza that settles civil disputes and pointed out the mischief. A year and a half later, she won the case.Known for its religious orthodoxy, the madrassa education of girls, which has picked up in the recent past, is having an empowering side effect. More and more women are quietly putting up a determined fight for their rights and against social evils such as dowry harassment and the misuse of the provision of talaq, or even corruption.There are about 30 madrassas for women in the city and hundreds of girls pass out of these every year, with each madrassa reporting a high enrolment rate. And in the corridors of madrassas, mingling with the sound of recitation of the holy text, are the stories such as those of Fatima. Another woman similarly hauled her husband to court after he threatened to divorce her at the behest of his first wife, a separation that would strip her of her mehr and house. After months of battling it out in court, not only did the women get the mehr but also the possession of the house promised to her by her former husband.And then there have been many occasions when madrassa educated women have broken engagements due to unreasonable demands of dowry. Shama Parveen, a graduate of the madrassa for girls Jamiatul Wadood in Hakimpet says, \"Almost every madrassa has a dedicated group of students and graduates who have been working against social evils. All social evils are a result of poverty and illiteracy. Our group works primarily among the lower income groups in Toli Chowki where battering of women and mental agony due to misuse of talaq and prostitution are rampant. Since they do not question religious authority, we simplify the texts for them and explain that treating women shabbily is wrong. There definitely is some progress.\"Pointing out the reason for more girls walking into madrassas, A Suneetha of Anveshi Research Centre for Women's Studies says, \"It was after the Shah Bano incident that Muslim women slowly started to look into their own community and scriptures. Also, the September 11 attacks and the war on terror fuelled their curiosity to know more about their religion. What started as introspection, turned out to be attempts to combat social injustice and domestic violence.\"This has led to some progressive changes in families of daughters enrolled in madrassas, note observers. There have been many instances when women have demanded their lawful share in property. Islamic scholar Maulana Khalid Saifullah Rahmani from the Deeni Madrassa at Board says, \"This is a welcome move and will help women in empowering themselves.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11615103", "title": "Pop talk", "text": "Life is all about the bowing down to the present moment. Flashes of instants are what make life special. In other words, for artist Trishla Jain, living the moment is what matters.Jain has been painting since she was seven and the artist in her soaked in more colours when she went to Stanford University in the US to study literature and poetry.She recalls, At that time, I didnt realise the kind of impact that my academic experience would have on my art. She found it intriguing when she discovered how her learning within the classroom was spilling over to the artists palette and how the nuances of the words added a different dimension to her paintings.Jains pop-up exhibition titled Tangerine Trees Marmalade Skies is being held in the Capital. Students from Jamia Millia Islamia and Shilpa Bharti Institute of Fine Arts and Crafts were at the exhibition on Saturday interacting with the artist. Jain helped them to understand that besides the apparent melancholy that dominates the world, there is another side to it, which artists should capture to add a ray of cheer.Several of Jains works are reflective of a typographical realm, which seem to intrigue youngsters. When some of the students pointed at one of the canvases, she said that just like snatches of ones life-experiences, certain words stayed on with her throughout her growing up years, and this is how she decided to put it together in some of her works. It is, she explains, like a collage comprising bits and pieces of a telephone conversation, memory of a poster line or just a teachers words of wisdom.Zoya Khan, a fourth year student of fine arts from Jamia Millia Islamia, said that the exhibition was a learning experience for her. I learnt there is no limitation to art and that one can draw whatever one wants to. It depends on what you want to convey.Another student found the exhibition interesting because the art form was a blend of text and colours. In fact, the world of words has been a constant source of inspiration for Jain. She emphasises, literature, poetry, tweets, facebook comments anything that is written should be captured in an artistic way rather than in black and white.As to another of the exhibits (a range of objects were arranged in a special manner in a cupboard) Jain explained to students, it was a personal way of looking at her life the years that have gone by, but has made her the person she is today.What is pop art?While her area of specialisation is pop art, Jain says that she would rather choose to call it the art of happiness or the art of assemblage or found art. What drew Jain into the world of pop art?Thats a long story, she says, adding that once she completed her studies in Stanford, she went to New York to teach English to class VIII and X students. There, she explored different types of curricula, which, too, influenced her process of art. Later, I started painting again because it just happened and it came naturally, she remembers.Theres a lot that is happening in this world, which could be classified as negative, destructive or violent. But there is another side to life. That is, in fact, perhaps more important than all things melancholic. So pop art, which generates positivity, enables people to explore what they want to do in life, has considerable importance in contemporary art culture.As far as students are concerned, Jain feels that being advised is a part of student-life. But it is important to remember that anybody elses advice is not of relevance. It is part of the journey, you must let it go, you should respect and love your critics and your admirers as equals. You should not feel excited by praise and bogged down by criticism because you should stand tall in who you are and believe in yourself.Grades an A or F should not matter. It should not shake one deep within. Instead, she stresses, one must do exactly what one wants and paint in the style that excites him or her. Then, she adds, what you do will not be derivative of another form of art. It wont be shaped by what your teacher or instructor wants you to do. It will be what want to do.The exhibition is on view till January 30 (open all days), 10am to 9pm at 4 Tilak Marg.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11613734", "title": "Salman Khan-Shah Rukh Khan clash averted", "text": "Not at the box-office but at Riteish-Genelia's wedding...Riteish Deshmukh and Genelia D'Souza's wedding has certainly become the talk of tinsel-town with the D-day arriving soon. Certainly the guest list includes the best of Bollywood.It goes without saying then that both the warring Khans - Shah Rukh and Salman will be on the guest list. Riteish Deshmukh is close friends with both of them. Also Genelia D'Souza has been endorsing the CCL team Mumbai Heroes which also has Salman Khan as its brand ambassador.Shah Rukh and Salman have known to be avoiding each other if they have to attend any common public events. The recent case was the Mumbai Police event Umang where Shah Rukh Khan entered much late after Salman Khan was done with his performance and left the venue. Many were expecting something similar to happen at Riteish-Genelia wedding.However all of them might be disappointed because it is learnt that Salman Khan might not be attending the wedding. Not for any other reason but because of his professional commitments. A source reveals, \"Salman Khan is expected to be shooting for Ek Tha Tiger in US during that period\".Seems like the wedding just missed some fireworks!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11610378", "title": "Lost, found, lost again: Woman found at ITO goes missing from LNJP", "text": "NEW DELHI: She sat on a large stone, stiff resistance growling from every taut cell. Her hands cupped her knees, elbows held straight at a right angle, legs apart, almost cathartic. In black leggings and a green sweatshirt, she looked a cat ready to spring.A couple of policemen hovered, street-food vendors offered advice, a dozen or so passers-by formed a ring around her at a safe distance. She sat like a wounded animal when I came across this scene after 10pm near ITO's Udupi last Thursday.The police had spotted her moving around on DDU Marg in a listless state and tried talking to her. She sprinted away. They gave chase. She, the policeman said, powerfully ran across the ITO crossing, still busy at 10pm, leaving her bag and kicking off her sandals in her bid to run away.They finally managed to halt her with some restrained struggle at the point near Udupi.They now waited, talking on their walkie-talkies. She has already been categorized 'lawaris'. What now, I ask. \"You ask her madam, kuch bolti hai?\"In the next few minutes all that she says repeatedly is \"Shiv mandir jana hai\", and \"Woh bhi ganda kar dia tumlogo ne\". No name, no address. Colleagues come over.\"Bangali ho, jao jao jao. Bangali na?\" she says, hearing us speak.Isn't there a woman constable around? No. Women's cell? We are 200 metres, if that, from police HQ. A leading newspaper's chief crime reporter stops by and moves on. This is no story.A policeman on a mobike brings her charcoal grey knapsack and cheap brown sandals and flings it down. Police says nothing in the bag. They say she has no mobile either.Another PCR van is called, and she is bodily lifted into the van. No resistance, just very stiff and her legs give way so she has to be hauled into the back of the van. Inside, she stretches out on the narrow seat. Bare feet, no nail paint but a white churidar-type with sequins peep out of her leggings. Medium length hair carried loose.The straight hair frames her face which she has tossed around like in a voodoo dance while on the roadside. You can barely see her nose, her long slanted eyes don't focus. Hill features but where? What language? Himachal? Uttarakhand? Northeast? Nepal ? Bengal? She watches her body convulse, a half-embarrassed smile on her lips.A wave moves through her body. First her chest then pelvic area then legs. Finally she pushes with all her might against the door. The young police rookie sitting across her is reduced to ordinary pulp.At LNJP Hospital, she apparently tells the doctor in the main emergency her name is Sunita, d/o Ram Singh. We leave the girl in their care. Her name could be anything. Her identity is MLC No 5642 (medico-legal case 5642).A little after 12 of the night between Thursday and Friday, MLC 5642 was transferred to the gynaecology emergency. Why? Were there signs of attack? No, said the nurse. No noting. Just, \"Brought in drowsy condition. Referred to gynaec emergency.\" She was anything but drowsy.Gynaec emergency has MLC 5642 written in red, all MLC cases in red, rest in blue. The nurse scans the record to say: \"She wasn't a prostitute. See, all these were prostitutes brought in by police last night.\" Then, \"We referred her back to main casualty\". The noting, \"To be stabilized before examination\".But main casualty has no idea. \"She certainly didn't come back here.\" Did she simply disappear?The registration desk helps. MLC 5642 was sent to Ward No. 32 in the new medical block.The nurses in Ward No 32. remember her well from Friday morning. Sunita, if that's her name, fought with all patients, was disoriented, \"misbehaved with doctors\", report the nurses, eager to share their stories of the strange woman who came in on Friday 13. \"We tried to speak to her. She wouldn't listen.\"What about seeking help of a psychiatrist if the emergencies couldn't handle her? \"None in LNJP, we would have got a referral from GB Pant,\" says a nurse. Really? Maybe, she adds hesitantly. And rushes to add, \"Even before examination, she went away.\" What do they mean \"went away\"?\"She had walked in smartly with the orderly early Friday morning. She left around 3pm. Our security guard went after her. She reached the main emergency and our ward guard came back.\" She was \"handed over\" to main casualty guards. This is Friday afternoon.But the gate guards say she's not totally gone away. Friday evening she grabbed a parked car near Gate No. 3 and claimed it was hers. \"Then she hugged a tree for 20 minutes, and played with pups,\" says a guard. Helpfully he adds: \"There are others like her.\"The register in the police's kiosk inside LNJP Hospital has 'Abscond, 10.20pm' scrawled next to the entry \"Sunita, 23 yrs, d/o Ram Singh MLC 5642\". Case closed.I only wonder who is absconding. That mentally disturbed lost young woman or the rest of us? That is maybe where the story really begins.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11610142", "title": "21-year-old student commits suicide", "text": "PUNE: A 21-year-old student committed suicide by hanging herself to the ceiling fan on Monday morning. The incident happened at Renuka apartments on B T Kawade road in Mundhwa.The student, Denzita Bathula, was a first year student of master's in personal management at a private institute in Shivajinagar. Senior police inspector of Mundhwa police station Devidas Patil said that Denzita bolted her room from inside while her mother went downstairs to leave her sister. She then hanged herself using a dupatta.Her mother knocked the door, but Denzita did not respond. The family members used a hammer to break open the door latch and found her hanging. Patil said the victim did not leave a suicide note.The victim's father, Mohan Bathula, who works as a clerk in the railways, said his daughter was under psychiatric treatment for over two months since she was in depression. Denzita was good in studies, he said.Denzita's body was handed over to her parents after post-mortem. A case of accidental death has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11608778", "title": "Did police infighting help Bhatkal flee?", "text": "NEW DELHI: While the Maharashtra Police claimed to have cracked the July 13/7 blasts in Mumbai with the arrest of Naquee Ahmed and Nadeem Akhtar, suspected Indian Mujahideen (IM) members, crossed wires between Mumbai and Delhi cops might have benefitted the terror strike's mastermind, Yasin Bhatkal.While the police departments in past few weeks have squabbled, Ahmad Siddi Bappa alias Yasin alias Shahrukh has gone underground, sources said, with his last location traced being Chennai in November, 2011. Investigators believe he might have settled somewhere in a southern state for a while, where he reportedly has good contacts.Officials denied Shahrukh, who is the India head of IM and mastermind behind all major blasts since 2009, has left India. The security agencies have, however, not detected his movement in Mumbai after last year's blasts and in Delhi after November, when a team led by DCP Ashok Chand busted the IM module allegedly responsible for explosions in Jama Masjid, Chinnaswamy Stadium (Bangalore) and Pune's German Bakery.TOI had first reported that Shahrukh was also arrested by the West Bengal Police in December 2009 in a fake currency case and remained in jail there till February, 2010, but the police let him go mistaking him a 'petty criminal' - an error that saw him plot blasts later that year.Shahrukh was a relatively small figure in IM before 2007-2008 and used to mainly provide explosives and motivate youths from Bihar, UP and south Indian states. He was not reportedly the operational commander until IB and the Delhi Police first unearthed the IM module during the Batla House encounter on September 19, 2008. The elimination of IM commander Atif Ameen and arrest of others saw Shahrukh taking over the leadership of the group.Having full authority on IM in India, Shahrukh takes directions from Riyaz Bhatkal and Iqbal Bhatkal from Paksitan. The IM was formed after the ban on SIMI in September, 2001, by the government. Amir Reza Khan, a Lashkar-e-Toiba leader, went for a recruitment drive, and formed IM in 2006-2007.The initial IM module carried out attacks in 2007 in UP courts, serial blasts in Jaipur (May 13, 2008), Bangalore (25 July, 2008), Ahmedabad (26 July, 2008) and Delhi (September 13, 2008), after which the Delhi Police first cracked the outfit with the arrest and killing of various modules during the Batla House encounter.The group, which is headed by Amir Reza Khan, is supervised in India by Riyaz and Iqbal Bhatkal, who are also reportedly related to Shahrukh. Safdar Nagori, chief of outlawed fundamentalist outfit SIMI, is a key motivational force for the group's youth members.The unique feature of this outfit, investigators say, is the 'recruitment of Indian youths'. Many members in this organisation are young, educated youths who come from affluent families. Some of them are software engineers, university graduates and several others, who have knowledge about police operations and internet and are not short of cash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11613093", "title": "Demi Lovato takes twitter break", "text": "Demi Lovato is taking a break from twitter.The 19-year-old singer-and-actress has decided to take some time off from the micro-blogging website to avoid getting herself into \"trouble\".In a series of tweets, she wrote: \"Can't please everyone ... Twitter break. It's for the best actually. Who allows me to have this thing anyways?!!! I just get myself in trouble! Haha. Anyway ... BYE! (sic)\"Demi's decision is sure to disappoint her 5,635,222 followers who regularly interact with the 'Skycraper' hitmaker.The brunette star doesn't seem to be having a rest from twitter because of any problems with her followers and recently praised her fans online.She tweeted: \"My fans are EVERYTHING to me ... My world, my life... (sic)\"Demi is a regular twitter user and has shared her feelings on many difficult issues in her personal life including her treatment for an eating disorder.The former 'Sonny with a Chance' star was admitted to rehab in November 2010 to receive help for her weight issues and self-harming.Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11610037", "title": "What is Modi really scared of?", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat Lokayukta Act does not provide for any strong action against corruption, unlike BJP-ruled Karnataka where former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa had to resign and face charges of corruption. In fact, Gujarat has the weakest law in the country and legal experts call it virtually toothless.Under section 7 of this Act, the lokayukta can inquire into allegations of corruption against public functionaries, including the chief minister, ministers and bureaucrats. But the catch is in section 12 of the Act where, even if the lokayukta comes to prima facie conclusion that the CM has committed an act in conjunction with any other public functionary which is tainted or lacks integrity, the only action it can take is to file a report to the CM.On receipt of the report, the CM shall cause the same to be placed, without delay, before the council of ministers. One may find it shocking that that the cabinet may decide to sit on the report endlessly and, if needed, table it in the assembly with an action taken report (ATR), like it is normally done with the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) report.This has happened in the past with a former chief minister, who was prima facie found guilty by then lokayukta for illegal tree felling in south Gujarat, was never prosecuted even though the forest officers had reportedly confessed that he had prevented them from taking action against the culprits.In comparison, the Karnataka Lokayukta Act, 1984, is very strong and effective. It reads: \"Where, after investigation into the complaint, the lokayukta considers that the allegation against a public servant is prima facie true and the declaration is accepted by the competent authority, the public servant concerned, if he is a chief minister or any other minister or member of the state legislature, shall resign his office...\"Even though the Gujarat Lokayukta Act,1986, can do nothing to a chief minister, the Gujarat government is hiring top-most legal eagles to challenge the appointment of Justice (retd) RA Mehta as lokayukta in the Supreme Court. The reason? It appears that Modi is afraid that a lokayukta indictment may become a political bombshell and mar his chances of moving to the \"next orbit\". Having supported Anna Hazare in pitching for a strong Lokpal, Modi fears public opinion and not the lokayukta per se.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11609385", "title": "UDF clears 5 medical colleges", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The United Democratic Front (UDF) meeting on Wednesday will take a final decision on the setting up of five new medical colleges in the state. The proposal is to build new colleges at Kasargod, Idukki, Alappuzha, Pathanamthitta and Malappuram.UDF is yet to decide on a course of action and is currently studying the feasibility of public-private-participation model for this ambitious project. However, there are also demands to set up a charitable society or an infrastructure company to mobilize funds for these colleges.UDF is planning to construct colleges at Badiadka in Kasargod, Manjeri in Malappuram, Adoor in Pathanamthitta, Haripad in Alappuzha and Painavu in Idukki. On the expenditure side, a minimum of Rs 200 crore is required to set up one college while an additional expense of Rs 60 crore will be needed for the institution to function every year.The proposal is to set up new colleges at Kasargod, Idukki, Alappuzha, Pathanamthitta and Malappuram", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11607889", "title": "BJP, Cong spar over Rushdie row", "text": "NEW DELHI: A political slugfest broke out on over the Salman Rushdie controversy on Monday with BJP slapping charges of \"match fixing\" on Congress which hit back accusing the saffron party of playing a \"dangerous\" game on a sensitive issue.\"It is a clear case of match fixing between intelligence agencies and jehadis in which the Congress-led government in Rajasthan played a supportive and active role,\" BJP's spokesperson Ravishankar Prasad said.Congress was using the issue to gain political mileage in poll-bound Uttar Pradesh. Prasad said, also alleging that Congress deliberately communalized UP politics citing Digvijay Singh , who termed the Batla House encounter as fake.Senior BJP leader and Leader of Opposition in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley said, the government should have provided protection to Rushdie rather than stage managing his absence with a concocted death threat.Rushdie had cancelled his visit to the Jaipur Literature Festival, saying he had received information from intelligence sources in Rajasthan and Maharashtra that \"paid assassins\" had been engaged to eliminate him if he turned up at the literary fair.Reacting sharply to the BJP attack, Congress spokesperson Abhishek Singhvi said, \"it is much more than a case of the pot calling the kettle black or the thief accusing the policeman... BJP's talking about communalism is worse than the devil quoting scriptures. It is utter hypocrisy of the party.\"Singhvi said, the government of India had made it clear there was no ban on Rushdie visiting the country as he is a PIO card holder and does not require a visa.By raking up the Rushdie issue now, BJP is \"flogging a dead horse,\" Singhvi said, while accusing the main Opposition of playing a very dangerous game if it is saying that the Rajasthan government should not have shared with or alerted the home ministry or agencies about the inputs.The same BJP would have then attacked the government citing intelligence inputs if anything untoward had happened, Singhvi said. He accused BJP of seeing every issue from the \"prism of communalism\" and doing politics over a sensitive matter.Prasad pointed out that, the Rajasthan government has not denied statements of Rushdie, and that the sponsors of the Jaipur festival about intelligence inputs that \"paid assassins\" from Mumbai could target him.\"But at the same time DGP of Maharashtra has gone on record to say that they had not provided any input to Rajasthan in this regard. Rajasthan CM Ashok Gehlot insisted that his government had received six messages from IB on the threat. Keeping in mind the entire background, Prasad said, \"it is necessary to know who is speaking the truth.\"If, as claimed by Gehlot that top intelligence officials were aware of the input, then why was the Maharashtra Police not alerted about it so that they could take pre-emptive steps.Prasad claimed the entire episode had put a question mark on the credibility and integrity of the intelligence agency. He demanded a probe into the matter to find out \"who was speaking the truth\" and said since intelligence agencies report to the Prime Minister, he should take note of it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11608549", "title": "BJP, JD (U) play down Gadkari\u2019s pro-Modi remarks", "text": "NEW DELHI: After BJP chief Nitin Gadkari having hinted that Gujarat CM Narendra Modi was among the possible candidates in the party for the PM's post, during a TV interview on Sunday, BJP and its NDA ally JD(U) on Monday tried to play down the issue.JD(U), which has been distancing itself from Modi, refused to attach any significance to Gadkari's remarks favouring the Gujarat CM as party's PM candidate for the 2014 Lok Sabha elections.\"2014 is far away. By then much water would have flown down the Ganges. Let us see what happens in future,\" party chief Sharad Yadav told reporters here.Asked whether his party has no objection to projection of Modi as the PM candidate of BJP, Yadav said, \"everything is there in the reply that I have given\".\"We have nothing to comment on what somebody has said. This is their party issue. You better ask the BJP,\" was Yadav's refrain to repeated queries on whether his party was comfortable with the idea of BJP projecting Modi.Gadkari had said on Sunday that \"Modi has good potential to be BJP president and PM, as did some other senior leaders in the party,\" when asked whether Modi had any prospect to be in contention for the top job.BJP on Monday also played down the issue, that could flare up in the middle of elections in five states. Asked about Gadkari's comment about Modi, party's chief spokesperson Ravishankar Prasad told reporters that \"let me put this in context. The question was asked about whether Modi had the potential to become the party's PM candidate, to which the party chief said he does just as there are about five, six others who also have it... Gadkariji also said that the decision is taken by the party.\"JD-U had disallowed election campaign by Modi in Bihar polls in 2010. The antagonism between Bihar CM Nitish Kumar , who has to keep in mind the significant Muslim votes in the state, and Modi had turned into an ungainly row. Yadav was talking to reporters after a meeting with the Election Commission here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11609480", "title": "A writer's role is crucial in times of resistance", "text": "JAIPUR: In times of resistance, writers and their writings are as important as the people demonstrating on the streets, argued writers known for their works on resistance in different societies.Speaking at the session named 'Writing and Resistance', moderated by Fatima Bhutto; Raja Shehadeh, Thant Myint-U and Iftikhar Gilani argued how the concept of 'harassed man' forms the basis of writing about revolutions.\"Writing might be perceived as a lesser substance; having lesser power than the people on the streets but in reality is far more powerful. The agitators need immediate impact while the writer has time on hand for the writing to leave its impact.Further, the writings are the only way for the next generations to learn about the historical revolutions,\" said Raja Shehadeh, a Palestinian lawyer, novelist and political activist. Shehadeh, who read out a few paragraphs from his book Palestinian Walks: Forays into a Vanishing Landscape, talked on his conflict about being accepted as a Palestinian author. \"When I wrote about Palestine , I did not exist for the world,'' he said.Speaking on the same lines, Iftikhar Gilani, a journalist who writes on Kashmir, said that any movement without intellectual guidance is a chaos. \"Writers are an important part of resistance, even if they are not on the streets,'' said Gilani.According to Gilani, any writer cannot be differentiated from the common man as he narrates the story of a common man.\"It is the writers who conceive ideas which often lead the way for revolutions and evolutions which change the society. Hence, he too has to be prepared to face the brunt on several occasions,'' he added. Gilani also talked about most works on Kashmir being written by Indian or Pakistani writers but not by those actually belonging to Kashmir.\"When the issue of Kashmir is flagged outside the state, it is done in very different parameters, not acceptable to the Kashmiris,\" he said.Thant Myint-U, a historian and author of critically acclaimed books, The River of Lost Footsteps: A Personal History of Burma and Where China Meets India: Burma and the New Crossroads of Asia, said that during the 1988 uprising in Burma, he was himself very angry and upset.\"However, it was later that I realised that heroes and villains are not really who I had thought they would be,'' he said. He added his writing is more of a contribution made to his country. \"It's different when it's your country, your people and your family,'' he added.The writers debated that being a writer of resistance is a privilege as it helps him understand, sympathise and empathise with struggles in other societies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11610916", "title": "Pak MPs vote for Musharraf\u2019s arrest", "text": "ISLAMABAD: The upper house of Pakistan's parliament on Monday unanimously adopted a resolution that demanded the arrest of former president Pervez Musharraf on his arrival in the country and the registration of a case of high treason against him.The resolution was moved in the Senate by Raza Rabbani, a senior leader of the ruling Pakistan People's Party.Rabbani accused Musharraf, currently living in self-exile in London and Dubai, of abrogating the Constitution twice, arresting members of the superior judiciary and compromising national interests. Musharraf dented the national economy and inflicted colossal loss to the national exchequer, Rabbani said.The rules of business of the Senate were suspended when Rabbani moved a motion and informed the chairman of the House that he and several other Senators intended to move the resolution against the ex-dictator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11609525", "title": "Finally, punishment pronounced", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Police on Monday forfeited the services of three policemen held guilty of being negligent in connection with sensational kidnapping and murder case of 5-year-old Khushpreet Singh.The three policemen include then SHO of the police station in Sector 34, inspector Udaypal Singh, then in charge of the police post in Burail, Sector 45, inspector Narinder Patial and sub-inspector (SI) Balraj Singh.The decision was taken at a joint meeting of senior police officials headed by IG (UT) P K Srivastva recently and orders were issued on Monday.These three cops were suspended on January 19, 2011 and a departmental probe was ordered that found them guilty on July 1, 2011. Sources said service of inspector Udaypal was forfeited for four years, while services of inspector Patial and SI Balraj were forfeited for two years each. According to service rules, forfeiture of service is a major punishment.Sources said Udaypal will not get several benefits, including annual increments, promotions, public dealing posts and pension benefits for four years and Patial and Balraj will be deprived of the same for two years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11610769", "title": "Teacher's son among four held for planning dacoity", "text": "NAGPUR: Lakadganj police swooped down on a gang planning to storm a bungalow with the intention of conducting a dacoity. Four youngsters, including one whose mother is a school teacher, have been rounded up for his alleged involvement with the gang. A country-made revolver has been recovered too.Police swung into action after a tip off that a gang was assembling at the ground on the premises of a local school at Rampeth.Lakadganj police's squads led by sub-inspector PP Bhalerao and head constable Tarasingh Jadhav surrounded the place before zeroing down on the gang. Four members of the gang were netted while one managed to slip away. Aniket Chavan, Aditya Ganvir, Hariom Jhamnani and Mayur Daharwal, all in their 20s, fell into the police dragnet.This is the second gang busted by the Lakadganj police in the span of one week.Police recovered a country-made revolver in the possession of Daharwal. A knife was recovered from Chavan, while Ganvir had another weapon with him. A rope and some chilli powder were also recovered.It is learnt that the gang was planning to commit a dacoity at a businessman's place at Quetta Colony. The gang was shortly leaving for the place when the raiding cops reached there. Senior police inspector Pramod Makkeshwar of Lakadaganj police station said that the couple of youngsters nabbed were from descent families and it was a surprise that they were preparing for a crime.\"We are going to probe the details of the gang and their activities,\" he said. Police got the custody of the four till January 25 after producing them before the magistrate. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "11611349", "title": "Danger lurks for elderly", "text": "PANCHKULA: Sunday's robbery where an elderly couple was attacked inside their house has exposed the tall claims made by the Panchkula police of taking adequate measures for the security of the elderly and regularly checking on old couples living alone.It was late on Sunday evening that cash amounting to Rs 4 lakh and jewellery worth Rs 2 lakh was looted from RK Garg' s (70) house in Sector 6 by four unidentified youths under the pretext of getting a certificate signed. The condition of Garg who was stabbed and sustained serious injuries is reportedly stable now. The sketch of one of the youths, who attacked the old couple, who were living alone, has been released by the police.The police had earlier made tall claims about making a list of old couples staying alone and regularly checking on them, but it seems that is not being done. Police had also set up a senior citizens cell in Sector 15, Panchkula in 2007 to look into the grievances of the elderly. This, however, was closed down due to inadequate staff but the residents were assured that it would be revived soon, which however has not been done.\"I don't think people are safe now even within the four walls of their houses. We can't keep our children with us 24X7 just because we don't feel safe. So many old couples have been targeted. Is the police always waiting for another mishap to happen?\" said president of Panchkula Residents Welfare associations, S K Nayar.\"Now after this incident every time the doorbell rings, we fear that it might be a criminal,\" said Indu Bala, 60, a resident of Sector 6.It seems nowadays the elderly are the new target of criminals. \"The criminals know that the elderly are vulnerable and can't offer much resistance,\" said a police officer.Panchkula Deputy Commissioner of Police, Maneesh Chaudhary, said, \"Patrolling has been increased and nakas have been laid. But even residents should keep their doors latched. In the recent case, the latch was lying open. If possible the residents should fix alarm bells outside their houses. They should also have ten phone numbers including that of the police control room on their speed dial, which has been fed into the system.\" He added, \"Regarding investigations, a special team of CIA, detective staff and others has been constituted.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11609537", "title": "Ex Min held in land grab case", "text": "COIMBATORE: Senior DMK leader and former highways minister Vellakovil Saminathan was arrested along with a party colleague on Monday morning in connection with a land grab case filed by an egg exporter. While Saminathan was arrested from his residence at Muthur, his close aid and real estate dealer Kanagaraj was arrested from Tirupur.The Crime Branch Police arrested Saminathan based on a complaint filed by R Gopinath from Vellakovil in Tirupur district, who operates an egg export business in Namakkal. In his complaint, Gopinath accused Saminathan and a few others of land grab and criminal intimidation.As per the complaint, in 2007, when the DMK government was in power, Gopinath bought 32 housing plots behind the CODISA complex at Peelamedu in Coimbatore from Sivasamy. An advance of Rs 32 lakh was paid to Sivasamy who transferred the power of attorney to Gopinath. A few months later, Gopinath sold the housing plots to Kanagaraj of Tirupur and executed a sale agreement. Kanagaraj, a DMK party cadre was a real estate agent. Gopinath received Rs 32 lakh as advance from Kanagaraj and transferred the power of attorney to him.Gopinath soon realized that the power of attorney provided by Sivasamy was forged and the latter had hatched a conspiracy with four others to dupe him. Around this time, Kanagaraj started demanding Rs 85 lakh from Gopinath to nullify the agreement, along with the Rs 32 lakh he had paid as advance. When Gopinath refused to pay, Kanagaraj used his clout in the government and forcibly took over five and a half cents of land owned by Gopinath's wife, seizing ownership documents from her.Kanagaraj continued to demand Rs 85 lakh. When Gopinath refused to pay, he approached Saminathan for help. Based on Saminathan's instructions, two persons took Gopinath forcibly to the DMK party office at Moolanur near Dharapuram on July 10, 2007. Saminathan instructed Gopinath to pay Rs 85 lakh to Kanagaraj. When Gopinath refused to pay the amount, the former minister verbally abused him. Kanagaraj and two others beat him up severely in the presence of the then minister.A few months after the incident, Kanagaraj wanted to possess 4.5 acres of agricultural land owned by Gopinath's cousin brother Sundararajan at Avinashi. He threatened to send Gopinath to jail, if any of them put up a resistance. Unable to withstand the pressure, Sundararajan surrendered the land worth Rs 15 crore to Kanagaraj.Even after the AIADMK government came to power, Kanagaraj and his associates threatened Gopinath frequently. Unable to withstand the trauma, he lodged a complaint with the District Crime branch (DCB) in Tirupur. After conducting a detailed inquiry, the police have registered a case against Kanagaraj, Saminathan and their associates under section 120 (b) (criminal conspiracy), 342 (wrongful confinement), 323 (causing simple hurt), 294(b) (using filthy language), 387 (extortion), 420 (cheating) and 506 (i) (criminal intimidation) of Indian Penal Code.\"We have arrested the former DMK minister and his party member Kanagaraj. Others involved in the crime will be nabbed soon,\" said V Balakrishnan, superintendent of police, Tirupur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11610192", "title": "Rash biker hits 3 vehicles, gets hurt", "text": "NAGPUR: A 21-year-old youth on a speeding bike hit three vehicles including a cycle rickshaw and suffered head injuries near Rajapeth bus stop in Hudkeshwar on Monday afternoon.Police said Anil Prajapati, a resident of Hudkeshwar, was heading to his friend's residence when the incident took place. \"He was driving at a high speed. While trying to overtake the rickshaw, he swerved and hit the rickshaw puller first. Then, he lost control over his bike and hit two two-wheelers,\" said a policeman from Hudkeshwar police. Nearby traffic cops rushed to the spot and took Prajapati away. Apart from the rickshaw-puller, the two-wheeler riders escaped with minor burises.Prajapati suffered head injuries and was rushed to a nearby private hospital. Cops said that the other injured persons were discharged after preliminary treatment. Prajapati is stated to be out of danger, said police. Though cops claimed that Prajapati was not drunk and hit the vehicle while trying to save the rickshaw-puller, passers-by said he was driving rashly. Hudkeshwar police have registered a case against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11606438", "title": "Republic Day: Strict security ahead of celebrations", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: It will be a testing time for the police commissionerate to ensure an incident-free Republic Day celebrations in the twin cities of Bhubaneswar and Cuttack this time.Though the two neighbouring cities are under strict vigil in the run-up to the Republic Day on Thursday, the recent incidents of fuse and detonator being sent to state election commission and chief secretary's offices and black flag demonstration by opposition Congress during chief minister Naveen Patnaik's visit to Cuttack have created undue jitters.The cops worried about the smooth conduct of the function in the Millennium City where Naveen is scheduled to unfurl the Tri-colour on Thursday. \"Security will be tightened along Bhubaneswar and Cuttack en-route the chief minister's journey. Besides, steps are being taken for the smooth conduct of the celebration,\" twin city police commissioner B K Sharma said.Police on Saturday had detained a number of Congress workers for waving black flags at Naveen during his visit to Cuttack to attend a seminar. The opposition has been hounding the CM over the sensational Pipili 'gang rape' incident. Even though Pradeep Maharathy quit as agriculture minister following mounting public pressure, the revulsion against Naveen, who holds the home portfolio, for the growing atrocity on women has not stopped.In the state capital, nearly 30 platoons of police forces will fan around the parade venue of Mahatma Gandhi Marg (MGM) to avoid any untoward incident. Governor M C Bhandare is scheduled to hoist the Tri-colour and take the salute of marching contingents here on the occasion.\"SOG jawans, anti-terrorist squads, snipers, sharpshooters and bomb disposal squads would keep a close watch along the route of the Republic Day parade. A multi-layer security ring is being put in place at the parade venue,\" Sharma said. \"A special emphasis is being laid on anti-sabotage checks, access control measures and intelligence coordination,\" the commissioner of police elaborated.Patrolling in crowded market areas has been intensified and checking and frisking in airport, railway stations and bus terminals tightened.For the smooth movement of traffic, city police have issued traffic advisory specifying curbs on movement of vehicles and asked people to avoid the parade route. No heavy vehicle will ply towards Master Canteen Square, either from Ram Mandir Crossing or Rajmahal Crossing, from 6.30 am till the parade is over. All the lanes touching MGM will be sealed. Only pedestrians will be allowed to reach MGM. Restriction has also been imposed the movement of two-wheelers and light vehicles near the parade venue.Besides, to prevent possible Maoist attacks on Republic Day, security measures in Naxal-hit districts have been increased and a strict vigil is being kept on the inter-state borders, a senior police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11610681", "title": "Inter-state illegal arms racket busted, 2 held", "text": "GURGAON: The city police have busted an inter-state illegal arms racket and arrested two of its members, who used to bring arms from Madhya Pradesh to sell them in Gurgaon and other parts of the NCR. Police have recovered five country-made pistols and live cartridges from their possession.DCP (east) Maheshwar Dayal said that the kingpin of the gang was involved in making fake driving licences at Rs 1,000 each and had gone to jail three times in the past. Police have recovered several fake driving licences and rubber stamps of different transport authorities of Delhi, Haryana and Uttar Pradesh.Dayal said that they received an input on Sunday night that two persons were coming to Palam Vihar to supply some illegal weapons. Based on these inputs a special team reached the site and carried out the raid. When the accused saw the police team, they tried to flee from the spot and also fired on the police, but were nabbed.The two accused have been identified as Naushad, 28, a resident of Deeghal village in Jhajjar district and Sanjay, 27, of Bidhran village in Sonipat. The recovery of arms includes two mousers, a.32-bore pistol, two country-made pistols and two live cartridges.During preliminary interrogation Naushad has told police that he was into getting fake driving licences for the past several years. He has also told police that he made his own driving licence in Delhi with the help of a tout and has learnt the art of making such fake licences.Investigators said that Naushad took to the business of getting fake driving licences and his main clientele comprised truck drivers. He was arrested by police in 2004 and had spent 3-4 months in jail. After being released on bail he was back in business and in 2006 he was arrested twice.Police said that Naushad has a track record as a criminal who had been arrested in an attempted murder case and had spent three and a half years in jail. He came out from the jail in July 2011 and started the new illegal arms supply business. \"He gets the illegal arms from Madhya Pradesh. We are trying to arrest those who supplied illegal arms to the accused,\" Dayal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "11608972", "title": "Jilted by underage partner, pregnant woman cries foul", "text": "TRICHY: A pregnant student of the Urumu Dhanalaxmi College in Trichy has submitted a complaint to the district collector Jayashree Muralidharan on Monday, stating that she had been jilted by her husband, also a student at the college. However, the boy Kartheepan, a BCA student attending evening college, is underage and has not yet attained the legal age for marriage.An FIR has been registered against Kartheepan under Sections 417 and 294(b) of IPC at the Thiruverumbur All Women's Police Station. Inspector Kanimozhi told TOI that a medical check-up would be done on Kartheepan, including the test for ascertaining his DNA. K Divya (21) who is five months pregnant, said in her complaint that she and Kartheepan had got married on October 30 last year at the BHEL Om Shakti temple in Trichy. Divya said that Kartheepan ditched her after she became pregnant and later threatened her with dire consequences if she pursued the matter of marriage any further.Meanwhile, Kartheepan forcibly took Divya to a couple of doctors in Thiruverumbur to abort the child and when she refused to comply, she was beaten up. She registered a complaint at Thiruverumbur police station on December 14. She alleged that the police at first refused to accept the complaint, castigating her in filthy terms and advising her to abort the child at the earliest. The police also offered to arrange a sum of Rs 10,000 from Kartheepan for the abortion, she said.Inspector Kanimozhi told TOI that the couple had lived as husband and wife for some time even though the boy had not attained the legal age of 21. On Monday evening, Divya's advocate Maheshwari Vaiyapuri took her to SP Lalitha Laxmi who told them that a compromise formula would be tried out and if the boy steadfastly refused, then appropriate action would be taken. The boy is now out on anticipatory bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "karwar", "code": "11611058", "title": "Kaiga protesters block NH 17", "text": "KARWAR: Residents living within the five-km radius of Kaiga Generating Station (KGS) on Monday blocked the National Highway 17 in Karwar for half an hour.They were protesting against the failure of district minister Vishweshwar Hegde Kageri to meet them.The villagers of Hartuga, Balemane, Haruru, Balase, Kuchegar and Sulageri are sitting on an indefinite dharna in front of the DC's office of Uttara Kannada for the past 50 days demanding rehabilitation from the KGS area.They alleged that Kageri had not visited the district headquarters in the past 50 days and warned that they would gherao the minister on Republic Day when he comes to hoist the National Flag at police ground in Karwar if he failed to visit them.Deputy commissioner Inkanglo Jameer accepting the memorandum from agitators said that she had already written to the government about the problem.She assured them that all efforts would be done to solve the problem. Vehicles on NH were diverted by police to avoid the inconvenience to road users. Shantaram Nayak, Yamuna Gaonkar, Shyamanath Naik, Santosh Gowda, Vishnu Gowda of Pranta Raith Sangha and others addressed the agitators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11611217", "title": "Protest against schools taking higher fees", "text": "CHENNAI: Parents of children studying in a few private schools in the city have been staging a silent protest since Saturday last against school managements for collecting fees higher than that prescribed by the government-appointed fee committee.Some parents put up notice boards outside a school gate giving details of the fee structure prescribed by the committee for that school. The notice condemned the school management for not abiding by the direction of the government.\"Many parents still do not know how much fees they have to pay. They continue to pay the fees demanded by the management. We are taking this initiative to create awareness among parents,\" said G Pugazhendhi, parents students welfare association president of Seventh Day Adventist School in Vepery.Over the last two years, several schools had allowed parents to pay fees prescribed by the fee committee after groups of parents took to the streets. Parents, who did not join the protests, have continued to pay the fees prescribed by schools.In addition to holding demonstrations, parents have also complained to the fee determination committee several times over the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11611394", "title": "State plans toilets for all by 2015", "text": "CHENNAI: The government is determined to ensure that Tamil Nadu becomes an \"open defecationfree state\" by 2015, said municipal administration and rural development minister K P Munusamy. The government is developing a strategy and design for modern public toilets to take care of the requirements of women, children, the aged and disabled. The minister was speaking at Municipalika, the 10th international conference on urban infrastructure and sustainable development, being held in Chennai for the first time.The state government will also embark on an aggressive programme to create awareness. \"We all know that open defecation creates serious public health hazards. Open defecation is the consequence of low public awareness and insufficient sanitation infrastructure,\" he said, while delivering the inaugural address at the three-day conference. The construction of public toilets and associated infrastructure is likely to be included in the housing and infrastructure programmes that receive `1,361 crore under the Jawaharlal Nehru Renewal Mission, Munusamy said.This is the first time the government has admitted the lack of this basic amenity. There is a shortage of public toilets in the entire state. Chennai city with a population of 46 lakh has just 714 public toilets, most of which are in a deplorable condition. A study conducted by non-governmental organisation Transparent Chennai last year said, \"Most toilets did not have water. Doors and other accessories were broken because of which not a single person was seen entering them.\"In a survey on sanitation and hygiene standards, conducted by the Union urban development ministry in 2009-10, Chennai scored 53 points on a scale of 100. \"Most public toilets are not located where they are required. We found many slums without a single toilet. Places like informal markets with many vendors and customers also lacked toilets,\" said Nithya V Raman of Transparent Chennai.While she welcomed the government's decision to work on building more public toilets, she said it was important to plan. \"Government departments such as the slum clearance and housing boards are aware of the places that need toilets urgently. They should use the information available or else clusters of toilets will be built in areas where people don't need or use them,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11609041", "title": "AIDS awareness campaign today", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Apart from carrying out a series of awareness campaigns on HIV and AIDS through folk medium, the volunteers of the Uttar Pradesh Welfare For People Living with HIV/AIDS society would take out awareness campaigns on Magh Mela campus. The volunteers with the help of health officers are educating pilgrims and devotees on how to protect themselves from HIV/AIDS.The health department is trying to take its awareness campaign to maximum people, giving them in-depth information on the diseases which is fast spreading its tentacles in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "11610708", "title": "Teenager thrashed for making obscene calls", "text": "GONDIA: Two employees of Tele Marketing Company, Civil Lines, were thrashed by Durga Vahini activists on Sunday, for making obscene phone calls to a woman in Gondia.Eighteen-year-old Nikhil Chandankar and his senior Priya Sharma were beaten in full public view for making obscene calls to a married woman of Ramnagar.According to information Shalu Khobragade (32) was persistently receiving obscene phone calls from a youth. Initially she tried to ignore them, but when the calls didn't stop she told her husband about the calls.But when she saw that he was also not very serious about the matter, she decided to nab the caller, who had identified himself as Nikhil Ahuja. She decided to meet him at IIFL Tele Marketing Company, Civil Lines Gondia at 2pm on Sunday.Meanwhile, she informed the local activists of Durga Vahini, who also reached the venue and enquired about Ahuja. A woman who introduced herself as Priya Sharma, assistant manager of the company, didn't give the whereabouts of Ahuja. But the activists found him hiding inside the office. They caught him and started beating him. He then revealed his real identity and said that Priya was also involved in the crime. They dragged her out of the office and took the two to the police station.According to the activists when they searched their office they spotted empty liquor bottles and some proofs that they indulged in unsocial activities. Jabalpur-based Ankur Kohali was named as the manager of the company.Pooja Tiwari, Deepa Kashiwar, Saroj Dhamde and Pipletook were also involved.PI Sunul Bonde said, \"Though Shalu had initially filed a complaint against Nikhil, but later requested that considering Nikhil's tender age she didn't want any action to be taken against him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11613557", "title": "Dhanush signs first Hindi film", "text": "Aanand L Rai will direct the Kolaveri Di star in his next film, set against the backdrop of BanarasDirector Aanand L Rai has signed Tamil actor Dhanush for his film. He says, \"For the past six months, I've been looking for a simple boy to play the lead in Raanjhnaa. My requirement was a man who could look vulnerable on screen. When I saw Dhanush in the Tamil film Aadukalam (for which he won the National award), I liked him immediately. He looks very ordinary and honest, and that was the demand of the character.\"Dhanush doesn't know Hindi; won't language be a problem? Dhanush says, \"The problem is not language. It's culture. I will learn the culture and the language will come automatically.\" Rai adds that he's not worried about it. \"The film is an intense love story. Just like my film Tanu Weds Manu, the film and its characters will take you to Delhi, Punjab, Chennai, etc.\"When quizzed about why he chose Raanjhnaa as his first Hindi film, Dhanush says, \"The passion Aanand had for the script and his reasons why only I could do this film convinced me. I liked the fact that he wanted me in the film even before Kolaveri Di happened. It's a big deal to get a launch like this at the beginning of my career here. Aanand's script is different from regular cinema; it's one of those 'made to make a difference' kind of films.\"Dhanush says he'd never visited Banaras before signing this film. \"I felt ashamed when I went there with Aanand for the first time. I didn't know anything about it, and it's in my country! I didn't understand the language, the culture...but I was fascinated by its beauty and divinity. I'm planning to hire a coach and have also bought a book to learn Hindi. I am sure by the time the shoot gets over, I will communicate fluently in it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11611389", "title": "Traffic diversions near Jajmau", "text": "KANPUR: Those going to Jajmau or Dadamia Mazar may face traffic diversion. The road and sewage repairing work started from Monday with the installation of traffic barriers. Diversions are likely to cause traffic disruptions.As per the information provided by the Ganga pollution control board, the sewage repair work would start in the area near Jajmau police station and Dadamia Mazar. Any large or heavy vehicle would not be allowed to enter 350 metres from the site. Partial movement of traffic will be allowed for the commuters visiting buildings on the road.As per the traffic plan, vehicles will be diverted through NHAI, Kesco Road via Tadbangalia and Sanjay Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11610113", "title": "Just 3 villages in district get total sanitation status", "text": "PUNE: The district falls way behind the target of 100 per cent sanitation status (i.e. toilets at every home) under the Nirmal Gram Yojana. Of the 1407 villages in the district, 947 are yet to achieve total sanitation status, even though the programme has been underway 2005-06. Only three villages have been selected for total sanitation status in 2010-11, which is the lowest since the inception of the programme.The poor result for 2010-11 has prompted officials of the zilla parishad (ZP) to prepare a fresh proposal for re-verification of 50-odd villages which had applied for the total sanitation status but failed to achieve it. Officials are expecting a reply to the proposal in a couple of weeks.A senior ZP official said, \"Results for 2010-11 were declared recently. They are shocking as only three villages are selected for the total sanitation status. This is unacceptable. We were expecting more villages to achieve the status in 2010-11. About 482 villages had applied this year.\"As per the statistics with the ZP, Pune district's performance has been showing a downward trend with fewer villages being selected for total sanitation status in the last few years. The highest number of villages to get the status was 268 in 2007-08. However, only 69 villages achieved the status in 2008-09, followed by 17 in 2009-10 and 3 in 2010-11. As of now, 460 villages have won awards under the programme, which is about 33% of the total number of villages in the district.An official said, \"We fail to see why the status has been denied to many of these villages. Special efforts were taken to create awareness among villagers to initiate steps to construct toilets at their residences. Despite good efforts, the villages have been denied total sanitation status.Sources said that not just the Pune district, but the entire state showed poor result for 2010-11. Only 360 villages across the state have been selected for the status in 2010-11. The state government is initiating steps to approach the Union government with a proposal of re-verification of some villages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11610990", "title": "Customs dept plans to speed up procedures", "text": "MUMBAI: The Customs department is observing a Trade Facilitation Fortnight till February 2.It will expedite disbursal of drawback claims and provide factory stuffing permission on the day of application.Officials will try to reduce the time of import cargo clearance and speed up procedures.At the airport, officials will follow up non-traceability of cargo and damage of goods with the MIAL.Biometric identification of Custom House agents will also be introduced. The helpdesk email id is customs-mum@nic.in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11609603", "title": "'Arabian Nights' in English sees huge attendance", "text": "JAIPUR: The JLF Mughal Tent on Monday drew huge crowds at the session 'Arabian Nights' where Lebanese author Hanan-Al-Shaykh and noted British TV and theatre artist Houda Echouafni discussed the Arabic classic Arabian Night's English adaptation The One Thousand and One Nights.Unmindful of the chill and other parallel sessions by the likes of Fatima Bhutto , Javed Akhtar and Gulzar, the session introduced by publisher Urvashi Bhutalia saw a horde of book and theatre lovers.Shaykh, who has authored seven novels including the critically acclaimed The Story of Zehra and the translated work The One Thousand and One Nights, is known for highlighting the concerns of women in the Middle East through story telling.Most of her work is influenced by existing social norms in the region which doesn't regard women equal to men. She held the audience in rapt attention by reading passages narrating the pain and misery of the main protagonist in her book, The Story of Zehra.Another panelist, Echouafni displayed her performative prowess by enacting a small scene while sitting on the chair. She enacted how the main protagonist Shahrazad, who was under death sentence, spent his time, leaving the audience craving for more.Both the panelists have common origin, i.e., Middle East. They discussed writing and theatre as a medium for highlighting social problems.The audience asked questions on women's rights, position of women in the social structure and their stand on legal remedies.The ghost of Rushdie continues to be discussed session after session and this one was no different. Shaykh expressed her solidarity with the writer hoping to see Rushdie at the festival.Shaykh's narratives go against the conservative Arab society, which invited a ban on her works in the Arab Peninsula. She also talked about writers in exile and expressed sympathy for writers living in forced and self-imposed exile.The Arab spring continues to make its presence felt at the Jaipur Literature Festival. Shaykh expressed happiness over women writers doubling up as activists and protesting in Egypt .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11610798", "title": "A push towards financial literacy in the classroom", "text": "Nandgopal Kamalia, a media professional, had not planned for his children's higher education but was pleasantly surprised when his daughter emerged a topper in her board exams. Fortunately, his investments in shares came to the rescue and the rising Sensex provided an opportunity to liquidate stocks and fund his daughter's Rs 3 lakh-a-year dental education course in a private college.With only a few thousand meritorious students eligible for government-subsidized higher education in medicine and engineering, parents of promising children are wishing that they saved early.But this is a challenge in an age where children demand instant gratification and think that the gaming console they want can easily be purchased with the swipe of a card.Fortunately, there is institutional support for raising awareness among children who think money flows out of ATMs. The National Institute of Securities Market (NISM), sponsored by Sebi, is training more than 500 school teachers on financial literacy.In the second stage, financial literacy will be made part of the curriculum. \"A decade ago, computer literacy was considered indispensable. Now, financial literacy is emerging a must for children,\" said K Sukumaran, dean, School for Investor Education &amp; Financial Literacy, NISM.But even if their children's aspirations are tempered, parents can no longer leave higher education to destiny. After buying a house, the next major financial decision that Vijay Rajan took-after he relocated to India from the US-was to start an education fund for his two daughters.In the US, Rajan, who works for an internet giant, was familiar with the '529 plan' -an investment plan for a child's future higher education which enjoy tax breaks and named after the section of the tax law.While India does not have a similar tax law, a high level of awareness and expensive higher education is seeing the 'college fund' -which is quite common in the US-catching on in the country.According to Pankaj Mathpal of Optima Money Managers, a financial planning firm, parents make the mistake of looking at insurance as the complete solution for their child's education.Ideally a parent should have a combination of mutual funds, public provident fund and insurance to save for a child's education . \"The annual fee for an IIM-Ahmedabad course is around Rs 14 lakh. A parent who aspires to send his child there would need to factor in a 10% escalation in cost every year while setting a target. Of course, there are education loans available, but it is good to be aware of the costs when you set your goal,\" he says.Mathpal, who advises families, says that there are instances of couples who are not yet parents, but are already planning for their unborn child's higher education. \"There is nothing wrong in saving early. But those who become parents in their 40s need to ensure that they achieve their targets during their earning years.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11608951", "title": "BJP to capitalize on the poorvanchali votebank", "text": "NEW DELHI: In the upcoming municipal polls, BJP is trying to capitalize on the poorvanchali votebank. For this, the party has organized a special Poorvanchali Karyakarta Sabha on February 5. The meet is likely to be attended by close to 5000 poorvanchali BJP workers in Delhi. With close to 40 lakh poorvanchali voters in the city, BJP sources say it is going to be a key factor in winning municipal elections, especially after the formation of three corporations. The party is considering giving tickets to more poorvanchalis in the municipal polls.\"It is going to be a key factor in the municipal polls that are round the corner. A majority of the poorvanchalis stay in unauthorized colonies, JJ clusters and slums. Their number has increased substantially in the last decade, so it is important to focus on this segment of voters. In the last municipal polls, BJP had given tickets to 24 members of the community of which 10-odd won. This year, we are planning to increase the number of seats for poorvanchalis, '' said a BJP leader. Sources say the party might reserve 36 or more seats for them.The BJP struck a chord with poorvanchali voters when it had started a campaign to declare Chhath a public holiday last year.Since then BJP has been aggressively looking at issues related to the community. The February 5 meet is aimed at sensitizing poorvanchali BJP workers for the municipal polls.\"We are getting all the active poorvanchali BJP workers together. It is a day-long workshop, where we will tell them about the party, its functioning and the road ahead. With these workers we will start a door-to-door campaign in spreading our message and strengthening our base,'' said Vijender Gupta, president, Delhi BJP.With MCD being divided into three corporations, sources say the voterbank might play a game-changer in two corporations - east and south - where they are in large numbers. Areas like Uttam Nagar, Dabri, Hastsal, Matiala, Najafgarh, Janakpuri among others are part of the south Delhi Corporation. Similarly, there are several areas in the east where they are present in formidable numbers. \"They are going to be a game-changer. BJP is hoping for a return to power in at least two corporations,'' said a source.In this massive exercise to mobilize poorvanchali voters, BJP started the process of registering poorvanchali voters in December last year. According to Gupta, \"We have registered close to 1 lakh poorvanchali voters in Delhi in the last one-and-a-half month. All those who have registered with us have paid Rs 5 as registration fees. We have records of these voters. The exercise is still on and we are hopeful of getting a large number of voters registered with us.\"The Delhi government's decision not to declare a public holiday on Chhath last year, BJP leaders claim, has not gone done well with the community. BJP is using these instances in tightening its grip on it. \"After the Chhath puja fiasco, Congress stands exposed. The community knows that the party is not serious about their concerns,'' said Gupta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11608944", "title": "UP health scam death queers BJP\u2019s anti-graft pitch", "text": "NEW DELHI: While BJP lashed out at Congress over the alleged suicide of Sunil Verma, considered a key accused in NRHM on Monday, accusing that the CBI was protecting the real culprits at behest of the Centre, the case has also reopened the uncomfortable issue of BJP welcoming \"tainted\" former UP minister Babu Singh Kushwaha for electoral gains even as the party campaigned vehemently against corruption.Soon after the news of Verma's suicide broke on Monday, BJP targeted Congress wondering whether CBI was deliberately not catching the \"major political players\" in the case. \"Who is protecting the big accused (in the scam). Why CBI has not taken any action against major political players. Congress has supported BSP and SP in the state to run governments. Is it on Delhi's directions that main accused are being protected?\" BJP spokesperson Ravi Shankar Prasad asked while reacting to the `suicide'.To a question on allegations against Kushwaha, Prasad said action should be taken against him if he is guilty. \"But don't target one and leave the rest... his house was raided the very next day when he decided to join BJP,\" he pointed out.Considering BJP Nitin Gadkari in an TV interview on Sunday took complete responsibility of the decision to induct the \"tainted\" BSP leader Kushwaha into the party before the UP polls, the resurfacing of the case, pegged to Verma's death has the potential to deepen embarrassment to the party and its chief.The suicide interferes with BJP's plan to contain the damage by \"freezing\" the membership of Kushwaha.Many senior party leaders including BJP MPs from UP had objected to Kushwaha's induction into BJP, after the party had gained some ground by campaigning vociferously against issues of corruption against the UPA government. Considering senior party leader L K Advani went on a countrywide yatra to take the anti-corruption plank of the party further, it looked ridiculous that BJP decided to open its doors to a leader who was thrown out of BSP, for being corrupt.Sunil Verma, project manager in the construction and design division of Uttar Pradesh Jal Nigam, who was under CBI scanner in connection with the multi-crore National Rrural Health Mission (NRHM) scam, allegedly shot himself dead at his residence in Lucknow on Monday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11610921", "title": "Opinion poll gives Punjab to Cong &amp; Uttarakhand to BJP", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Congress is poised to wrest Punjab from the rival Akali Dal-BJP combine, but will have to see the saffron party holding on to power in Uttarakhand, according to a STAR News-Nielsen opinion poll released on Monday.The poll suggests that the Congress will win 63 seats in the 117-member Punjab Assembly, the rival alliance, now in power, will win 53 and the People's Party of Punjab, led by Manprit Badal, nephew of Punjab chief minister Prakash Singh Badal, will get a solitary MLA in the new House.In Uttarakhand, the poll predicts that the BJP will do much better than most people expect and end up with a tally of 39 seats, giving it a comfortable majority in the 70-member assembly. That will mean an increase of seven seats from the 2007 tally of 32 for the BJP.The Congress, according to this survey, will also do significantly better than in 2007, increasing its seats from 21 five years ago to 29 this time around, but still fall well short of the target.The news from both states which poll on January 30 is bleak for the Maywati-led BSP, if the survey's findings are to be believed. In Uttarakhand, where the BSP had won eight seats in 2007, the party's tally will shrink to a mere two seats, while in Punjab it will fail to open its account despite the aggressive last-minute campaigning by Mayawati, according to the survey.Interestingly, the vote share projections in both states indicate much closer races than the seat predictions seem to suggest. In Uttarakhand, for instance, the BJP's vote share is pegged at 40% and its main rival's at 39%, meaning that even a slight swing in the days after the survey was conducted (Jan 4-18) could tilt the balance.Interestingly, smaller parties including the Uttarakhand Kranti Dal and independents are predicted to see sharp erosion in their vote base. Compared to the 27%-plus share they had in 2007, the projection is that they will mop up barely 8% this time. That explains why despite a sharp increase in the Congress vote share, the BJP may be able to hold on to power since its vote share is projected to go up. Similarly, in Punjab the Congress vote share of 44% is only two percentage points higher than the 42% vote share projected for the Akali-BJP alliance. The BSP too is projected to up its tally of votes a bit, but not enough to translate into seats.Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "mour, bathinda", "code": "11610574", "title": "The other Badal's Spring dream", "text": "MOUR, BATHINDA: It's odd to hear a well-groomed salwarkameez clad Sardar explain Arab Spring to a motley group of Sikhs in a nondescript village , Maiserkhana, in Bathinda district. But that is Manpreet Badal, former finance minister and the 'other' Badal, who likes to look different with a white streak in his beard.The difference is not all superficial . While not many give him a considerable number of seats, the man is credited with changing the state's political discourse ahead of Assembly elections, focusing on development and need for a debt-ridden state to cut subsidies and power freebies. This marks a departure from iron-clad consensus on continuing with subsidies, despite the realisation that the current model of development has led the state's finances into disarray and created a host of problems from plunging water table to higher salinity. But with few signs of regret over how Punjab missed out on the IT revolution , Manpreet, a St Stephen's alumnus suggests the state raring to step outside the box. \"Punjab will see its own spring when results are announced,\" he says, as he gets into his selfdriven Toyota Fortuner. He has refused state bodyguards.\"Spring is not just about getting rid of this government but about raising the bar of politics in Punjab,\" Manpreet adds. He has promised a law which will allow police to arrest Punjab's notorious drug dealers merely on suspicion. His People's Party of Punjab (PPP) heads Sanjha Morcha, a coalition which comprises CPM, CPI and Shiromani Akali Dal (Longowal).While PPP has been accused of harbouring dissidents from other parties, Manpreet says he gave tickets to only 3 such out of 92 PPP contestants. He adds the average age of his candidate is below 50; 95% are first-timers , 90% are graduates.Asked how he managed to forge an alliance with the Communists and at the same time talk about doing away with subsidies, he counters the propaganda that he was doing away with welfare measures even for vulnerable sections. \"I like the safety net you see in a circus where if a performer falls, he manages to save his life with the help of the net,\" suggesting that while he may be convinced about the need to restore fiscal discipline, he was no fiscal fanatic.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11616337", "title": "40-year-old rare paintings at this art do", "text": "A series of rare, vintage paintings were displayed for the first time in India at the recently held art show in the capital by the Kiran Nadar Museum of Art .Around four decade old paintings, drawings and other artworks were showcased in the exhibition titled 'Crossings' that defined the paradox of permanence and transience with the passage of time. A connoisseur and an art collector, Kiran Nadar's motive behind sourcing the age-old and unseen artifacts was to make people aware and appreciate art in all its splendour. Says Kiran Nadar, \"India is still far from achieving the status of an 'art hub' and this is an initiative to achieve the same. There is definitely an interest that seems to be growing but somewhere the sensibilities have not matured and there is less of an involvement with art.\"A tour of Crossings: The museum housed paintings, drawings, illustrations and installations that took us through a journey of the mid 1950s to early 1960s, unfolded in its distinct vocabulary the historical chapters of the bygone era. An eclectic mix of works by contemporary artists conceived at different points in history had resemblances of conceptualisation and execution. From Jeram Patel's technique of applying blow torch to convey images of void to Bharti Kher's iconoclastic gigantic elephant (weighing nearly 800 kg) ornamented with sperm-shaped bindis, the amalgamation of references from history, mythology and the topical left the art lovers awestruck. Intersection of the stationary paintings with the new media, tradition with modernity, form and formlessness, abstract and meaningful, bareness and fullness were the thematic techniques that added an ephemeral quality to the displayed art at the exhibition. The fluidity of transition in expression, curatorial structure, narrative and visual vocabulary justified the title of the exhibition \" Crossings\" as we moved from one installation to the other.Art and emotions: On the one hand Souza's 'Inner circle' dealt with microcosms of the city and the universe in its emphatic manifestation of cycle of birth, death and rebirth, Rina Banerjee's 'Burnt Fruit', a life-size sculpture with the mouth of a Gharial (alligator) emerging out from an inky melon writhing with anger and message of destruction explored colonial moments of subjugation. Art has no voice but the message that it intends to communicate reaches loud and clear.Art as a witness to the passage of time: Works of other seminal artists in the likes of M. F. Husain, Zarina Hashmi, Nasreen Mohammedi, Ranbir Kaleka and many others were exhibited that evening. Effective metaphors, powerful renditions of mythology, use of antique furnishings and fabrics collectively brought together a narrative that unfolded the passage of time in visual completeness, adequate intimacy and emotive language.Akbar Padamsee's 'Grey Nude', a monochromatic work painted in 1960s is an excellent example of how absence of colours and the simple strokes of the brush can come to represent melancholy and despair. The reclining nude figure with a downward look mirrors the isolation, a theme that Padamsee's works predominantly revolves around.Kiran Nadar made a pertinent point when she said that art cannot be perceived from a vantage point for that is a limiting view. \"Multiple perspectives to contemporary art make art survive till posterity.\"Art needs support to flourish: Expressing concern about promotion of art in India, Kiran Nadar said, \"There are many roadblocks that need to be overcome before we can build a seminal museum building for our generation. Land accessibility is the major hurdle that needs to be resolved. To build something monumental we need land and for that we need government support and cooperation.\"Such once in a while exhibitions make us realise how little we have been educated about our heritage and art. We realise how much more needs to be excavated and unearthed for the world to see the colossal magnificence of India in its culture, tradition and brilliant artistry.The chief guest of the evening was Cabinet Minister Kamal Nath and Roobina Karode, Director KNMA took the art lovers through a tour of the gallery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11609430", "title": "Muslim organizations file cases against authors who read from Rushdie's book", "text": "JAIPUR: After the police complaints lodged a day earlier, at least half-a-dozen court cases have been filed against four authors and three organisers of the Jaipur Literature Festival (JLF) where extracts from Salman Rushdie's banned book 'The Satanic Verses' were publicly read on January 20.In Jaipur, five complaints have been filed by different individuals and organizations, including the All India Milli Council and the BJP minority cell, in a lower court demanding action against four authors Hari Kunzru, Amitava Kumar , Jeet Thayil and Ruchir Joshi and festival organizers Sanjoy Roy, Namita Gokhale, William Dalrymple.Four of the complaints in Jaipur are scheduled to be heard by different courts on Tuesday, while the Milli Council's case is slated for a hearing on January 30. The case in Ajmer court by an individual allegedly linked to the ruling Congress party would be heard on January 25.\"We did not know that Rushdie would be participating at the literary event through video conferencing, otherwise we would have requested the court to order a stay on this too,\" the Mili Council secretary Abdul Latif told TOI on Monday.The Council has sought action under various sections of the Indian Penal Code (IPC). \"The book is banned in India so, legally, the authors cannot even read from it at a public event,\" Latif said. \"We have sought action under IPC sections 153, 153A, 295, 295A, 298, 505, 504 and 120B,\" he added.IPC Section 153 involves prosecution for wantonly giving provocation with intent to cause riot, Section 153A relates to punishment for promoting enmity between different groups on grounds of religion, Section 295A pertains to deliberate and malicious acts, intended to outrage religious feelings of any class by insulting its religion or religious covers beliefs and Section 298 is invoked for uttering words with deliberate intent to wound the religious feelings of any person.\"A series of complaints have been filed in separate courts, including five at Jaipur and one at Ajmer against the authors and organizers. One complaint at Jaipur is by the BJP minority cell's Daulat Khan and the one at Ajmer by Muzaffar Bharti, who represents a local group, is a primary member of the Congress,\" alleged Kavita Srivastava, the civil rights organization PUCL's secretary.The hardliner Muslim organizations and community leaders have been opposing Rushdie's participation in the literary event this year even though the author attended it as one of the speakers in 2007. The Muslim community protestors maintain that Rushdie's book has hurt its religious sentiments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11610255", "title": "Republic Day rehearsal throws traffic out of gear", "text": "NEW DELHI: Traffic was thrown out of gear on Monday morning due to traffic diversions during a rehearsal for the Republic Day parade.The dress-rehearsal, which took place during peak hours on a week day, resulted in long tailbacks on NH-24, Ring Road, Mathura Road, Bhairon Road and Sarai Kale Khan. Traffic congestion was reported till about 1pm, when the parade ended.The 8km parade route starts from Vijay Chowk at the foot of Raisina Hill to Red Fort, meandering via Rajpath, India Gate, Tilak Marg, Bahadur Shah Zafar Marg and Netaji Subhash Marg. The parade, which started around 10am, resulted in gridlock in Dhaula Kuan, Sardar Patel Marg, Ram Manohar Lohia roundabout, Ashoka Road, Ferozshah Road, Mandi House, Connaught Place and Barakhamba Road.Jams took place from Noida Mor to Indraprastha Park, Bhairon Road crossing to Sarai Kale Khan and Mathura Road W-point to Sunder Nagar crossing. Due to the diversions, a high volume of traffic was reported from DND flyover and Ashram Chowk.\"Traffic congestion was reported from ITO, Laxmi Nagar, Nizamuddin Bridge, Dhaula Kuan, Ring Road and areas around India Gate,\" said a senior traffic police officer.Commuters complained it took more than double the time to reach office in the morning. \"I left my Mayur Vihar residence at 10am but reached office at Lajpat Nagar only by noon. Usually it don't take me more than 40 minutes,\" said Neha, a commuter.No traffic was allowed to ply from Vijay Chowk to India Gate on Rajpath from 5am to 12.30pm or cross Rajpath from 9.30am, including Rafi Marg, Janpath and Man Singh Road in central Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11609354", "title": "Jaipur Literature Festival: Even a virtual Rushdie is unwelcome for Rajasthan govt", "text": "JAIPUR: Salman Rushdie isn't welcome at the Jaipur Literature Festival (JLF) in any form, not even virtually. The proposed session with Rushdie at the festival via video link on January 24 ran into trouble on Monday with the Rajasthan government coming up with \"intimidating\" riders which has made the organizers develop cold feet about hosting the author via video link.The government, it is learnt, wishes to vet what the Booker Prize winning author says in his video link address. Political observers here say the government's stubborn stance is only reinforcing the impression that it isn't only law and order fear which has made it determined to prevent Rushdie - real or virtual - from making an appearance in Jaipur. Rather, it's the Congress's determination not to upset the Muslim community in the run-up to the polls in Uttar Pradesh.Jaipur Literature Festival producer Sanjoy Roy on Monday morning announced that Salman Rushdie would talk about his book \"Midnight's Children\" (not the banned \"Satanic Verses\") at 3.45pm on Tuesday. Within a few hours, the organizers made a U-turn, reportedly after they received a virual dressing down from the state government for not consulting them before making the announcement.\"We aren't sure about the Rushdie video session... nothing is certain now. We shall update tomorrow,\" Roy said in the evening. Roy read out a statement: \"We have not received any official information from the state government whether we can hold the video conferencing or not. Hopefully, we will be able to do it tomorrow. This will be about Midnight's Children and Rushdie's works, his journey from childhood and the life thereafter.\"Roy said they were not sure whether permission was required to organize the video session, still \"we sent a letter to the police, which had sought some more details. Those too have been dispatched,\" he said. He added, \"We are trying to ensure that this happens in a manner in which Jaipurites or anybody else is hurt. We expect the police to revert.\"Rajasthan home secretary G S Sandhu confirmed that they had not given permission for the Rushdie video link session so far. \"Organizers have submitted some papers along with a request application. The papers are being scrutinized at present... a decision will happen tomorrow only,\" he added.Government officials maintained that they were walking a tightrope and didn't want to take any chances. \"We told the organizers to give in writing that Rushdie will not speak anything inflammatory, provocative and unlawful ... If he does so, then the police will book the organizers and the Diggi Palace owners for breaking the law of land,\" said a senior Rajasthan police officer, on assurance of anonymity.Jaipur police commissioner Bhagwan Lal Soni said that they will also initiate legal action against organizers as well as Rushdie if he spoke anything unlawful. \"Just because he's sitting away, it doesn't mean he (Rushdie) can speak anything. We shall initiate action against him too,\" Soni added.Government insiders said the establishment was upset with Rushdie's Sunday remark terming Rajasthan police \"liars\". Rushdie had on Tuesday tweeted: \"I've investigated, &amp; believe that I was indeed lied to. I am outraged and very angry.\"On Friday, he had said that the Maharashtra and Rajasthan police had informed him that some paid assassins were on their way to Jaipur to eliminate him. Rajasthan CM Ashok Gehlot had said that Rushdie's Sunday statement was unwarranted as there was a threat to his life in view of protests by Muslim organizations.Government sources said they didn't want any further embarrassment as the author has already sullied their image and he might go ahead with the state police bashing. \"We can't take any chances... and what if he too reads out from banned book 'The Satanic Verses'?\" asked an official. He was referring to four authors reading out passages from 'The Satanic Verses' at the festival.Muslim groups are also keeping a close watch. Jamaat-e-Islami Hind national secretary, Mohammed Salim \"Engineer\", said that they were watching closely and protests will happen if Rushdie spoke anything against Islam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11610837", "title": "Long weekend sends Republic on holiday", "text": "NAGPUR: Something about January 26 puts the nation in a festive mood. The parade and the lovely tableaux in the national capital set the mood and even those in smaller cities get into a celebratory mode. And if the day falls towards a weekend, it is cherry on the cake. That's the case this year as the Republic Day comes on a Thursday, thus putting in motion plans for an extended weekend.Weekend getaways are always popular with Nagpurians who love to visit the wildlife parks and forest areas in the vicinity of the city. GB Kedar, regional officer, Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation, confirms that almost all resorts around the city were fully booked this weekend as the national holiday combined with a leave on Friday makes it a four-day holiday. \"The most popular destinations are Tadoba and Pench and its entry point Sillari, which are packed. There were lots of enquiry for Chikhaldhara too but as the temperatures have dipped again, the rush is less.\"The low temperatures have not deterred the true nature lovers. City businessman Ritu Raj Abhyankar says, \"I am headed to Melghat and Chikhaldhara with my family.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11609249", "title": "Germany woos city's businessmen", "text": "NASHIK: A delegation of German officials who visited Nashik on Sunday have urged Nashik entrepreneurs to expand their business in Germany in the electrical, electronics, engineering, research, medical, mobile technology and other sectors.With an aim to boost the business of entrepreneurs from Nashik and get opportunities to their products in Germany, the delegation had been invited by the Ambad Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (AIMA) as part of their initiative to boost development opportunities for Nashik businesses had invited the delegation of German officials to Nashik.Addressing the entrepreneurs, Dr. Hans Roth said, \"Indian entrepreneurs have good opportunities in electronics, electrical engineering, R&D;, and medical and communications mobile technology among several and other categories. Hence, Entrepreneurs from Nashik must expand their business in Germany and we are ready to co-operate with you in this regard.\" connection.\"Dr. Roth also guided entrepreneurs on industry related laws of in the European nation the Germany and replied to the queries posted by members of the audience. of the entrepreneurs.When asked entrepreneurs asked him which products would get first priority, Indian or Chinese, he will give the first priority- Indian or Chinese?Dr. Roth said Indian products would be favored. \"I will definitely give the first priority to Indian products and will buy the products from Indian industrialists...\" he said because Indians speak other languages very well. and they are very honest and diligent.Dr. Heiko Wierchers, also part of the delegation, informed the Nashik entrepreneurs of Germany's taxation system, its economy, technology research centres, and educational and industrial institutes. in Germany.\"AIMA always undertake various activities for the development of its members and entrepreneurs. As part of this, we had invited the development commissioner (industry) of Germany with an aim to provide business opportunities available in Germany to local entrepreneurs in Germany,\" said Dnyaneshwar Gopale, President, AIMA.Also present on the occasion were, Hon Gen. Secretary of AIMA Suresh Mali, and export committee chairman, Nikhil Panchal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11608343", "title": "Mumbai-Goa highway\u2019s expansion gathers dust", "text": "PANAJI: The fatal accident on the Mumbai-Goa highway on Sunday in which five friends from Mulund and Bhandup lost their lives, once again highlights the extreme narrowness of the two-lane, 475km route.Leave alone the much-touted Rs 5,000-crore project to double the lanes of the Mumbai-Goa highway, even a simple solution to curb deadly accidents-a Rs 15-crore project to put in place road-safety infrastructure-is stuck at the Centre for approval and funds. This delay has ensured that the route continues to be called the state's 'killer highway'.Senior state government officials revealed that they had proposed road-safety infrastructure for 11 different accident-prone stretches on the highway, including installation of crash-barriers, reflector boards, speed-breakers or plastic rumblers, cat's eyes, blunting of curves by trimming hills and trees, and putting reflective paint on roads.\"This plan costing just Rs 15 crore has been gathering dust at the Centre after the National Highway Authority and local PWD officials sent across the proposal a year ago,\" said an official. The state has done some work in its capacity but it requires more funds, authority and the machinery to complete the job,\" said a source close to the union ministry of surface transport.Even as accident after accident go on snuffing out lives at the 100-plus dangerous spots on the highway, the Centre has so far failed to make up its mind on the Rs 4,000 crore needed for the expansion, mooted by the state four years ago.\"Only a small 84km section up to Indapur from Palaspe near Panvel is being taken up for expansion, but the fate of the majority of the road hangs in balance,\" said an official.S M Deshmukh, senior journalist and social activist who is leading the agitation in Raigad district for the highway's expansion, said that in just 20 days of January, 11 people have died in 10 accidents, which have left 65 seriously injured.\"A simple divider can avoid head-on collisions but there has been no effort in that direction. Trauma hospitals can save several lives but there is no move from the government.\"Around 37 spots on 11 different stretches have been identified by authorities such as the additional director general of traffic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11607842", "title": "No ration cards till end of civic polls", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra government has ordered the rationing authorities to stop issuing cards till the February 16 civic polls are over, to avoid bogus voting in Mumbai, Thane and Ulhasnagar.The government on January 16 passed the order, a copy of which is with TOI, mentioning that there is a chance that ration cards may be prepared for bogus voting.The decision came after TOI wrote ('Sonia's family residing at Ulhasnagar?', January 11) about a fake ration card in the name of All-India Congress Committee president Sonia Gandhi and her children, Rahul and Priyanka, which was found by right to information (RTI) activist Premchand Jha of the Ulhasnagar Bachao Abhiyan.Jha had written to the state election commission, rationing authorities and the police to investigate the matter and demanded disqualification of ration cards as identity proof to avoid bog- us voting.The government order stated that applications for cards will be accepted but the cards will be issued after the elections are over.Many politicians often prepare bogus ration cards before the elections.Jha said that he was happy with the state government's initiative.According to state election commission rules, a ration card is listed as a valid document for identity proof during voting, but only if two to three family members go to vote. If one person goes to cast his vote, he has to carry an electricity bill or telephone bill with his address.Lal Panjabi, a senior Bharatiya Janata Party leader from Ulhasnagar, pointed out, \"We welcome the government's move, it has been taken in time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11615990", "title": "Kate Winslet believes in 'beautiful' marriage", "text": "Kate Winslet still believes in the \"beauty\" of marriage.The 36-year-old actress - who was married to Jim Threapleton from 1998 to 2001 and director Sam Mendes for seven years from May 2003 - admits commitment can be tough but she still wants to be with someone for the rest of her life.Kate - who is currently dating tycoon Sir Richard Branson's nephew Ned Rocknroll - said: \"I still believe in the beauty of committing yourself to another person and, at least, in the idea of marriage as an expression of that commitment.\"Living with someone will always be a challenge, but you hope to be able to find someone whom you can spend the rest of your days.\"Kate maintains a close relationship with Sam for the sake of children Joe, eight and 11-year-old Mia - her daughter with Jim - and while the aftermath of the split was difficult, she says they are all very happy now.She told Britain's OK! magazine: \"It's not the easiest situation being a single mother, but Sam has been very good in helping me with the kids.\"They've been spending time with both of us and even though it was hard at first, we're all doing great. I've never felt better. I'm very happy with the work I've been doing and I'm enjoying my time with my children, who mean the world to me.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "11610237", "title": "Nine-year-old girl 'gang-raped'", "text": "CUTTACK: Yet another case of alleged rape has surfaced in the state, this time the victim is a nine-year-old girl from Bhadrak. The minor girl with severe perineal injuries is undergoing treatment at the SCB medical college and hospital, Cuttack. The girl was referred from Bhadrak district headquarter hospital to SCB in a very critical condition on Sunday night. The doctors carried out an immediate surgery to save the life of the girl. \"The minor girl had sustained severe perineal injuries.Doctors have operated on her and she is currently under observation in the gynecology ward of the hospital,\" said Dr B N Moharana, doctor of SCB hospital. Doctors suspect it could be a case of rape. \"We suspect it as a rape case as the private parts of the patient are severely injured. Her family members are also alleging the same. We have informed police about the entire incident,\" said a doctor of the hospital. Doctors have said the girl, from Basudevpur in Bhadrak district, is stable now. \"Family members have alleged the girl had gone to a relative's place in Simulia and was allegedly raped by some miscreants there,\" said a doctor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11610246", "title": "GCDA to start new ferry, tourist boat terminal in city", "text": "KOCHI: Greater Cochin Development Authority (GIDA) is all set to construct a state-of-the-art terminal for tourist and ferry boats in Kochi. The general council of GIDA, which will be presided over by chief minister Oommen Chandy on Thursday, is likely to sanction this proposal.The general council has already approved the proposal to start boat services for tourists and residents of Goshree islands. The terminal will be constructed on GIDA's land on Chathyath-Goshree Road. A draft of the Rs 6.6 crore project has been prepared, officials said. Procedures for purchasing a double-decker boat have been completed, officials said.As per the plan, lower deck will be for local passengers, while upper deck is reserved for tourists. There will be 10 to 15 seats in the upper deck which can be availed by locals for a higher rate, sources said.The state government has already allotted Rs 2 crore for purchasing the boat. The terminal can be used by the private boat operators as well and will house act as ferry service office, GIDA office and a tourist facilitation centre. There is also a proposal to generate electricity out of the waste and garbage from Mulavukadu Island. The Rs 5.50 crore project aims to use a total of six tonne garbage per day to generate power.The project would be implemented in association with Kerala Suchitwa Mission. GIDA will enlist KITCO to prepare the framework and estimate for the project, official said. GCDA's general council will take a decision on various projects worth Rs 70 crore. Union Minister of State for Food and Civil Supplies K V Thomas, excise and ports minister K Babu, PWD minister V K Ebrahim Kunju will attend the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11607779", "title": "Man arrested for robbing woman in train coach", "text": "MUMBAI: A 32-year-old man, who assaulted and robbed a woman of cash and a mobile when she was alone in a train compartment while coming from Jalna last week, was nabbed by the crime branch on Sunday.The accused, Mohammed Aslam alias Nasir Raja Umar Shaikh, is a resident of Mumbra and has previous cases of train robbery against him. Sources said crime branch unit 8 led by inspector Deepak Patangre, which was conducting a parallel probe, with the help of the mobile operator kept the stolen mobile of the victim, Manjusha Marva (40), under surveillance.Police learned that Shaikh kept inserting new SIM cards but they traced his new number through the phone's international mobile equipment identity (IMEI) number. Once the number was traced, the police tracked down Shaikh, who was at a bank near Sahar Road, Andheri. Himanshu Roy, joint commissioner of police (crime), said they found Marva's phone with him.Marva, a widow and a business woman, was travelling in an unreserved ladies coach on January 12. The resident of Jalna district, who runs a garment shop, came to Mumbai twice a month to buy clothes and cutlery items. Her brother Ravi Bahal was in the same train's general compartment.\"When passengers alighted at Dadar, she was alone in the compartment, as the train headed to Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus. Shaikh entered, threatened and assaulted her, as she tried to pull the chain. He tried to strangle her with her dupatta and threatened her to hand over her cash and phone, totally worth Rs 50,000,'' assistant commissioner of police Arvind Mahabadi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11614873", "title": "Inspired leadership", "text": "Charlie Murphy talks to Diptiman Dewan on connecting the idea of creativity to leadershipQ: Who is an inspired leader?Ans: An inspired leader is someone who is aware of who they are as a person and who they communicate and interact with in the environment. My aim is building inspired leaders through creativity. For this, there are three goals the first is to develop a relationship with your own creativity and how to bring it to the fore; second, to learn how to bring out the creativity in others, and the third goal is to learn some practices that one can apply in the teams and organisations one works with.Q: How do you define creativity?Ans: Creativity can be defined in several ways; one, for example, as the ability to generate creative ideas. It also is about the level of imagination to forwarding those ideas. So it has to do with imagination, originality, and improvisation. I find that working with youth is by itself a creative pursuit. The more you are able to respond to the moment and think on your feet, the more effective you become. Thats why we include improvisation in the skills that we work in. In our trainings, therefore, we bring together activities that we find are effective. These are drawn from all art forms. So with creative writing, for example, we work with metaphor, stream of consciousness, timed writing and group creative writing activities. We bring together activities from the theatre visual arts, movement, dance, and rhythm; and we show how these activities can be brought into the classroom, or even into the boardroom.The important point to remember is that one needs not be an artist to use the arts in your work. So we try to imbibe the fact that one need not be proficient in an art form. We talk about creativity as a source present within each of us that can be cultivated. It is an approach that we have to take to creative problem solving, an approach to life. We make these activities user friendly so that it can be used easily in ones work.Q: You work for youth leadership. How do you define youth?Ans: By youth, we mean young adults and adults. In classroom training, we work with anyone associated with the youth, including classroom teachers, anyone affiliated with schools, youth workers in the informal education side, and people from volunteer sectors from in arts, business etc, who work for the youth.It is based on the idea that young people in primary and secondary education tend to thrive and learn more effectively when they are engaged by an adult who themselves are in touch with their creativity and are able to communicate in an authentic way. This is what the training helps deliver. It is more to do with the human skills and human dimension than the content only. It is more about the process. Through the past four years, we work with organisations in East and South Africa , Brazil, India, UK and the US. Methodology has a broad application.Q: What is one thing that you think people can practise to become a better leader?Ans: First one has to honour the relationship one has with oneself and to make time for it, and then utilise that time with an activity or process that will open your imagination. Let whatever that wants to come out, come out. Then decide one area maybe music; or reflection and writing down what one reflects about the idea is to create a relationship with the self.The second, is to do with other people. What are the people in your life who you can connect with and be mutually supportive of each others creative unfolding. We are wired to connect with each other and to seek what is meaningful to us. It is not a solo journey but a journey that involves other people. That is one reason we call our model the Creative Community Model because we believe it is possible to form a sense of community with each other that supports our creative empowerment.(Charlie Murphy is founder, Partnership for Youth Empowerment Global (PYE Global) and visited The School of Inspired Leadership (SOIL) in 2011 for a one-day workshop on Building Inspired Leaders through Creativity.)Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11607999", "title": "Davorlim panch to contest from Fatorda constituency", "text": "MARGAO: A panch member of Davorlim panchayat, Rajani Raikar, on Monday announced her plans to contest the state elections from Fatorda constituency.Incidentally, Raikar is known to be a staunch supporter of PWD minister Churchill Alemao but has decided to contest the upcoming elections as an independent.\"I was earlier residing in Fatorda before I movedto Davorlim but I havecarried out a lot of social work and I have decided to contest the elections on the advice and support of my well-wishers from Fatorda,\"added Raikar who is also the president of the NGO, Salcete Womens Organization'.Elections 2012 NewsGoa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11611117", "title": "Mahendra hanging: High court yet to give verdict", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Gauhati high court on Monday concluded the hearing of the writ petition filed by Mahendra Nath Das who prayed to commute his death sentence to life imprisonment. However, Mahendra's fate still hangs in the balance as the high court did not give its verdictOn April 24, 1996, Mahendra Das beheaded Harakanta Das in Fancy Bazar and surrendered before police with the victim's head. He was arrested and is in jail since 1997 after the sessions court ordered his execution the following year. The Gauhati High court and Supreme Court upheld capital punishment in 1998 and 1999 respectively.Subsequently, Mahendra's family moved a mercy petition to the the then President KR Narayanan in 1999. The plea was finally turned down in May 2011by President Pratibha Patil , setting the stage for Mahendra's hanging. Then, Mahendra filed a writ petition pleading for commuting the death sentence to life imprisonment since he had already spent about 14 years in jail during the disposal of his petition seeking presidential clemency.On Monday, after the centre and state government opposed the convict's plea, Amal Das, the son of victim Harakanta Das, urged the court that Mahendra's hanging should not be commuted to life imprisonment on the ground of delay in deciding on the mercy petition.Bhaskar Dev Konwar is arguing on behalf of Amal Das. Das said, \"Even the President took a long time in rejecting the mercy petition in the case of Davinder Singh Bhullar, an accused in a bomb attack on the then Youth Congress president MS Bitta in 1993. Delay in disposing the mercy petition of a death row convict does not entail quashing the sentence and converting it to life imprisonment.\"The high court, on September 8, 2011 dismissed a writ petition filed by the convict's mother, Kusumbala Das, for commuting her son's death sentence to life imprisonment. A division bench of the high court had rejected the petition on the ground that Mahendra's mother had no locus standi to file it on behalf of her son.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11610860", "title": "Ijaz refuses to depose in Pak", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Mansoor Ijaz, the key witness in the memogate scandal, will not visit Pakistan over concerns about his safety, his lawyer said on Monday. Instead he requested the judicial commission probing the scandal to record his statements from either London or Zurich through teleconference.\"No assurance has been given by the Pakistan government about Ijaz's life or property. It seems like a well-orchestrated trap to hold Ijaz indefinitely in Pakistan. Mansoor Ijaz refuses to knowingly walk into the trap laid by the government,\" said Akram Sheikh, Ijaz's lawyer.Ijaz, the US-based businessman of Pakistani origin was scheduled to appear before the three-member investigation commission set up by the supreme court to probe the memogate row on Tuesday. Attorney General Maulvi Anwarul Haq said the commission would decide about video conferencing and security for the US businessman had been finalised in accordance with the panel's directives. Haq said law can't be amended for only one person. \"There is no cure for suspicion ... may be he (Ijaz) doesn't want to come himself,\" he added. Soon after Ijaz's refusal, former envoy to the US Hussain Haqqani filed an application before the investigation commission, requesting it to cancel his right to give a statement in the case.Interior minister Rehman Malik had earlier assured foolproof security to Ijaz in Pakistan, saying that he, if required, might call the army or rangers to help the civil government. Sheikh rejected Malik's claim and said: \"I don't trust Rehman Malik. I trust Husain Haqqani more than I trust Rehman Malik. Did Benazir Bhutto not die in this country even after getting security assurances?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "warangal", "code": "11608947", "title": "Veteran Congress leader passes away", "text": "WARANGAL: Veteran Congress leader and former minister MS Rajalingam died following prolonged illness, at a private hospital in Hyderabad on Monday. Rajalingam was 92.He was a close associate of Acharya Vinoba Bhave and worked for the Gandhian's Sarvodaya movement. Born on February 9, 1919 in Warangal, Rajalingam took part in the freedom movement.Later, at the time of Independence, he fought against the Razakars in the then Hyderabad state. The veteran leader contested from Warangal constituency in 1952 and won a landslide victory.In the 1957 elections, he contested from Chillamcharla constituency (now Mahabubabad) and was once again elected.He served as deputy revenue minister in the Burgula Ramakrishna Rao cabinet.He was also chairman of Gandhi Bhavan in Hyderabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11609976", "title": "Whistleblower NRI still behind bars", "text": "LUDHIANA: NRI Sukhi Chahal, who was arrested by Ludhiana police on Saturday and sent to jail on Sunday after being awarded judicial remand by the duty magistrate, might have to wait for a little more time to get bail as his case file could not be traced on Monday, according to his lawyer.Advocate Ramesh Lakhanpal said his bail application could not be filed on Monday and would now be produced before the court on February 4. \"The case in which he has been arrested is an old one and the file of the case could not be found as the record keeper had gone to Faridkot for some official work. Once the file is found out, only then a bail application can be prepared and filed,\" said Chahal's advocate.Chahal was arrested for being declared a proclaimed offender in a case registered against him in Ludhiana for demanding a ransom of Rs 10 lakh from Congress leader Malkit Singh Birmi, posing as an extremist from Babbar Khalsa, on February 18, 1992, during the assembly elections.However, Chahal has been pleading innocence, alleging foul play in his arrest. Police have also informed the US embassy about Chahal's arrest. The accused had also informed on Sunday that his family was seeking help from the US embassy.North American Punjabi Association had also expressed concern about Chahal's arrest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11610749", "title": "Painting walls to say 'We are watching'", "text": "NAGPUR: Stomachs bloated with the cushion-mask of an 'eye', big 'eyes' made of thermocol on the foreheads and the placards that read 'we are watching', concerned citizens took another initiative to clean the Nag river flowing through the city on Monday.The message they wanted to send was the authorities were under watch from the citizens constantly and all their actions were under public scrutiny.Zero Gravity, the youth wing of Dr Shrikant Jichkar Foundation, had conducted wall painting for the same cause in January last year. Although it did result in some effort of the river being cleaned, authorities soon lost steam, said Maitreyi Jichkar, who heads the NGO.This year again, they have rejuvenated the plan with the idea of spreading awareness among people about how the government is ignorant in this regard. The very purpose of standing at the Shankar Nagar Square was to demonstrate the fact that despite of repeated reminders, no concrete plan has been put into action.A three-day painting programme has also been arranged to paint the walls on Canal Road, Ramdaspeth. Only eyes will be painted on the walls, as a way of telling authorities that the public's eyes are wide open. On January 24, some artists along with the team of Zero Gravity will commence the programme. Wall painting will be done on January 26. The painting project has been done in association with Alag Angle studio which award-winning artist Tanul Vikamshi runs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "11609336", "title": "Bhanwari case: CBI to record statements of more witnesses", "text": "JODHPUR: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) continues to record statements of witnesses in the Bhanwari case in order to plug all loopholes in its probe that might emerge during trial of the case. After having the statements of three witnesses recorded on Friday, the CBI, on Monday, recorded the statements of two more witnesses - Rajesh Phophalia and Ram Niwas Bishnoi - in court.So far, the agency CBI has recorded statements of eight persons, of which four of them - Amarchand, Sahi Ram Bishnoi, Bishnaram Bishnoi and Kailash Jakhar - are accused and in judicial custody. Besides, the statements of Farookh (driver of Bhanwari), Sharavan Singh, Pukh Raj Dudi and Shayam Lal Paliwal have already been recorded. On Monday, statement of Rajesh Phophalia, who has produced various folk video albums of Bhanwari Devi, and Ram Niwas Bishnoi, who is a cousin of Bishanram, were recorded.According to a source, there are more in the line in the coming days, as these statements under Section 164 of the CrPC will strengthen the prosecution's case and help in case any of them turn hostile during trial. Ashok Bishnoi, the only accused currently under CBI custody and member of Bishnaram's gang, is also in line for recording his statements. His custody will expire on Wednesday.The agency is also tightening its grip around four absconders in the case - Indra Bishnoi, Pukh Raj Bishnoi, Dinesh Bishnoi and Reshma Ram Bishnoi. Raids are being carried out at all the possible hideouts in and out of Jodhpur but all of them have managed to give a slip to CBI's net.On Monday, the driver of Indra was summoned by CBI for interrogation. He used to assist her in the \"illegal\" business of filling up LPG gas in cars. He used to drive her car and is believed to be aware of her secret deals and whereabouts.Besides the driver, the CBI has also summoned Sahil (son of Bhanwari), Goverdhan Singh Choudhary (business associate of Mahipal Maderna), his brother Gokul, and Gop Singh Berna (friend of Parasram Bishnoi), at whose farm Sohanlal Bishnoi had allegedly taken shelter after kidnapping Bhanwari Devi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11609459", "title": "ATM's door collapse severs woman's finger", "text": "KOLKATA: A woman's little finger was almost severed when the glass door of an ATM on Bangur Avenue suddenly collapsed on Sunday. She had to undergo a surgery but doctors are not sure if the damaged finger will become functional.On Sunday, at around 7.45pm, Anita Panda pushed open the glass door of the ATM to step inside, when the door suddenly collapsed.While the little finger of Anita's right hand was seriously injured, her three-year-old son, who was accompanying her, had a narrow escape.\"She had pushed open the door with her right hand and on her left was our son who is three years old. How it happened is still unclear to us. But if our son had tried to push open the door and entered first, then he would have sustained major injuries,\" said Anita's husband Surajit Chakraborty who was waiting outside the ATM on his scooter. \"Blood was oozing out from her hand and she was unable to stand properly after the impact of the accident. The glass shards damaged her right hand's little finger so badly that it was almost severed,\" added Surajit.Anita was immediately rushed to a hospital on EM Bypass and had to undergo a surgery to bring the finger back to its original shape. But it will take at least a week for the doctors to figure out if the finger will become functional. Anita is now in a state of shock and unable to speak.Surajit does not want others to be a victim of such accidents. He has, hence, lodged a complaint with the Lake Town police station.\"I want officials of the banks to ensure that the doors of ATMs function properly,\" said Surajit. take care of the doors of the ATMs, as the ATMs often malfunction and the worst thing happened to my wife.\"The bank officials were also surprised when they came to know about the incident. An official said that it must have been a freak incident.Officials, in fact, want the victim to lodge a complaint so that they can initiate a probe into the accident and find out what went wrong.The couple has demanded compensation from the bank because the accident occurred owing to the faulty door of the ATM., as all the trouble happened due to the faulty door of the ATM.Before stepping inside an automated teller machine, be sure that the door is in perfect order, otherwise you can have the same fate as Anita Panda had on Sunday.She was about to step inside the ATM on Bangur Avenue around 7.45 pm when the door of the glass door suddenly collapsed as she pushed the door. \"The glass shards damaged her right hand's little finger so badly that it was almost severed,\" said Anita's husband Surajit Chakraborty who was waiting for her on his scooter just outside the ATM.Now Anita is undergoing treatment in a hospital on Bypass and the doctors there are not sure if the finger can be properly functional again. Already she had undergone a surgery to bring back the finger in its original shape and position. The doctors said that after a week then can only say if the finger can be functional.\"She was approaching the door and in her left hand she was holding our son who is three years old. How it happened is still unclear to us. But if our son had tried to push the door and enter first, then he would have sustained major injury by this glass door accident. She had pushed the door, as the sticker on the door asked to push and all of a sudden the accident happened. The door collapsed and she was seriously injured. She is still in a state of trauma to speak.\"\"Blood was oozing out profusely from her hand and she was unable to stand properly after the impact of the accident and almost fainted. Her finger was just hanging and I held it carefully so that it does not get detached. Our son was totally perplexed by the turn of the event. I got a taxi and rushed her to the hospital. The doctors there too were surprised to know about the incident.\"Chakraborty has lodged a complaint with the Lake Town police station, as he wants that none should be injured in such an accident. \"I want that the officials of the banks should take care of the doors of the ATMs, as the ATMs often malfunction and the worst thing happened to my wife.\"The bank officials were also surprised to know about the accident of Anita. An official said that it must be a freak incident. They wanted a complaint from the victim to probe the incident. The couple wanted compensation from the bank, as all the trouble happened due to the faulty door of the ATM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11609823", "title": "Survey to re-engineer GTU's diploma syllabus", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat Technological University (GTU) will introduce a new, revised syllabus for diploma engineering colleges which will be designed according to current needs of the industry. The syllabus will be introduced in August this year.GTU officials said that a core team of five senior faculty members and 250-odd personnel of technical colleges will be pressed into service to carry out an exhaustive survey of the engineering industry. Detailed survey forms have been designed which will be filled by industry representatives. The survey data will be analyzed and conclusions drawn about the kind of changes to be made.\"For the first time, such a mammoth exercise is being undertaken to know the industry opinion and design a syllabus so that students are prepared to meet needs of the industry. Effort is being made to ensure that gap between books and practical needs of job is narrowed down as far as possible,\" a GTU official said.The new syllabus will benefit 40,000 odd diploma engineering students in 90 colleges all over the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "11614487", "title": "Preventing Salman Rushdie's video address is bowing down before fundamentalists: Arun Jaitley", "text": "JALANDHAR: Attempts by the Rajasthan government to censor writer Salman Rushdie's video address to the Jaipur Literature Festival through a video link has been termed by the BJP as capitulation to religious fundamentalists.The party has also questioned the authority of the Rajasthan government to prevent Rushdie's interaction with audience at the Jaipur Literature Festival through video link, arguing that telecommunications was under the central list and not the state list.\"The state government has no right to prevent an interaction through video link as no one in the country needs any prior permission of the state government. The Rajasthan government wants to take us to the pre-censorship era. Telecommunications comes under the central list and the state government has no business interfering in any talk through telephone or video link,\" Arun Jaitley , leader of the opposition in the Rajya Sabha, said while picking legal holes in the approach of the Rajasthan government.Earlier the Rajasthan government misled people and Rushdie on the basis of a concocted report, he alleged. Jaitley was referring to the false reports about security threat against Salman Rushdie .\"During the Vajpayee government there was no problem when Rushdie visited the country. The UPA government is trying to appease the fundamentalists,\" he added. Jaitley, in Jalandhar on Tuesday said that bowing before fundamentalists was a grossly wrong step for any government.\"Earlier, they bowed before the fundamentalists during the Shah Bano case and later the country had to face the consequences,\" he said while answering questions about the controversy around Rushdie's visit and his video interaction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11610855", "title": "Under army\u2019s gun, power couple on run", "text": "WASHINGTON: The murky existential battle between Pakistan's liberal, pro-western elite and its domineering military supported by the country's Islamist hypernationalists took another bizarre turn on Monday when the wife of Islamabad's deposed envoy to Washington denied reports that she had fled Pakistan to escape the army's wrath.With her husband Hussain Haqqani, who was forced to resign by the army, sequestered in PM Yousuf Raza Gilani's home in Islamabad to protect him from promilitary hit squads, his wife Farahnaz Ispahani maintained she had come to Washington to meet with their children, and not to escape army persecution as she was quoted saying in a British news report.\"I'm scared, the government can't even protect itself,\" Ispahani was quoted as saying in London's Sunday Times in a story by Christina Lamb, a British journalist and author of an early biography of Benazir Bhutto , who is banned from entering Pakistan after she fell foul of the country's spy agency ISI.Lamb wrote that Haqqani's life was in danger and Ispahani had fled to Washington amid fears that \"ISI might kidnap her to force her husband to sign a confession and implicate the president\".\"What we're seeing is the systematic killing or silencing of anyone who stands up to the institutionalization of a militarized Islamist state, who advocates positive relations with the West or stands up for tolerance,\" Ispahani was quoted as saying.Farahnaz Ispahani is herself a member of Pakistan's National Assembly, is a spokesperson for Pakistan's president Asif Ali Zardari (although there are reports that she has resigned or has been forced out by the military ), and and is the granddaughter of Mirza Abol Hassan Ispahani, Pakistan's first ambassador to the United States. She is also a graduate of Wellesley College, Hillary Clinton's alma mater, while her husband, an alumnus of Karachi University, later taught at Boston University.Seen as pro-US in Pakistan, the power couple is in deep trouble after the country's powerful military charged Haqqani of soliciting Washington help to emasculate it, allegations that have led some to suggest a trial for treason.But on Monday, Ispahani reeled back from some of the comments she reportedly made to Sunday Times, maintaining that she had not given any interview, and professing her respect for the Pakistani military.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11609965", "title": "LIC launches new plan for kids", "text": "PATNA: As another step forward in its endeavour to provide innovative products and services to the Indian public, the Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) on Monday launched a new plan, Jeevan Ankur.The product is specially designed to meet the educational and other needs of the child, said a LIC press release. A conventional with profits plan, Jeevan Ankur, is the most suitable insurance plan for parents who have a child aged up to 17 years, for this plan ensures that their responsibilities are met under all circumstances, without depending on anyone else.The plan covers the risk on the life of the parent and the named child shall be the nominee under. The plan covers the risk on the life of the parent and the named child shall be the nominee underthe plan.In the event of unfortunate death of the parent during the policy term, the Basic Sum Assured is payable immediately to nominee, release said. In addition, an Income benefit equal to 10 percent of the Basic Sum Assured is payable from the policy anniversary, coinciding with or next following the date of death, till the end of policy term.This will ensure the continuity of the child's education without any additional burden. Not only this, the nominee child will also get a lump sum amount equal to basic sum assured on the predefined maturity date of the policy along with Loyalty Additions, if any, to support higher education or professional life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11609557", "title": "Fire victims bank on government rehabilitation", "text": "KOLKATA: A day after 150 shanties at Kalikapur were gutted in a devastating fire, the homeless families were seen haplessly wandering about, looking for anything they could salvage from the ashes.Most residents of the slum near Ruby Hospital along EM Bypass are banking on the promises of rehabilitation packages poured out by visiting ministers and other political leaders since Sunday night. Some, though, are skeptical about these assurances and say they face an uncertain future.\"We looked for hours, but could not find anything. All our post office books, bank papers... everything is gone. We do not know what lies in store for us,\" said Prabhat Barman, a rickshaw-puller who lost his house in the fire. Like Barman, hundreds of others searched in vain for important documents in what they had called home for 15 years, but now lay in a heap of ashes. Almost everyone had the same tale of despair.Aloka Devi set out from her native village the moment she saw television footage of flames in her slum. When she reached in the early hours of Monday, she found her shanty still smouldering. \"She is completely inconsolable and cried all day as she sat where her house stood till even 24 hours ago,\" said a neighbour.Some dwellers displayed presence of mind on Sunday night by throwing some belongings in the nearby pond the moment they spotted flames spreading across the slum. But some of them were dismayed to find that their belongings had been stolen even from the water. Some others, though, did manage to retrieve what they had thrown into the water.Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) has set up a relief camp that serves as a temporary shelter for dwellers rendered homeless. Victims housed in the camp near the slum have been provided with plastic sheets and blankets. Several NGOs have also come forward to help the homeless with warm clothes, schoolbags for children and other relief material,\" said an NGO volunteer. Other NGOs are providing the homeless with food.Mayor Sovan Chatterjee, who visited the spot on Monday, said all arrangements were being made for the victims. \"We are working out ways to rehabilitate the slum-dwellers,\" he said. Power minister Manish Gupta, who also visited the spot, said the government will try to give the victims new ration cards.CPM leader and former minister Kanti Ganguly also went to the sspot. \"Many of these people came from Sunderbans and have been living here for years. Hopefully, the government will work out a plan for them,\" he said.The land on which the 1,000-odd slum-dwellers lived belongs to the state government. There are many such slum-dwellers living nearby at Nonadanga.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11610739", "title": "Mock drill at Malad mall triggers panic", "text": "MUMBAI: A mock drill conducted by the Bangur Nagar police at Infiniti mall in Malad (W) caused panic among Monday morning shoppers.Officials said the objective was to check terror preparedness of the mall management.\"An announcement was made that an attack had taken place. There was panic, but we managed to evacuate shoppers,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11609558", "title": "Sunny days to increase chilly feeling", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It may have been bright and sunny in city on Monday, but weather experts think this can only lead to an increase in the experience of the chill in coming days. They expect the next two days or three days to see a major change in city's weather.On Monday, maximum temperature in Chandigarh rose to 20.6 degrees celsius from 13.8 degrees C of Sunday. Speaking to TOI, Chandigarh meteorological department's director Surender Paul said, \"The next couple of days would be similar to what we saw on Monday. Weather will be dry and sunny and that would lead to a massive difference between maximum and minimum temperatures.\"He said, \"We expect maximum temperature to remain where it is over the next two days and then see a fall. Maximum temperature rose almost 7 degrees C in a single day and is now sitting at 1 degree C above normal. This would cause Tricity residents to feel colder as the difference between the maximum and minimum temperatures is quite a lot.\" Paul added that dry weather would continue in the region for a few more days and minimum temperature was likely to remain around the 5 degrees C.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11607690", "title": "\u2018Close liquor shops, bars by 11pm from Jan 25\u2019", "text": "MARGAO: In view of the March 3 assembly elections, the South Goa district collector, Sandeep Jacques, on Monday issued a public notice ordering all liquor shops, bar and restaurants, food joints, shacks, etc located in South Goa to be closed by 11pm from January 25 up to February 5 and strictly by 10pm from February 6 till the completion of elections.\"...in furtherance of the guidelines of the Election Commission of India to prevent undue influence of voters through distribution of liquor and also to preserve peace and tranquility, it is felt appropriate that the timing of closure of all liquor shops/bars and restaurants and other eateries need to be curtailed,\" Jacques said in the notice which has been issued in exercise of powers vested in him under provision of Section 144 of the Cr PC read with Section 29 (A) of the Goa Excise Duty Act, 1964.The notice warns that any such establishments found violating the said restrictions on timings will have to face action leading to cancellation of their licences and the owner shall also be liable for penal action under Section 188 of the IPC.Jacques, has, in the same notice, directed flying squads, excise officials and police to act immediately in case of any violation and report such cases to the excise commissioner and the returning officer concerned.The returning officer is required to immediately file an FIR in that regard, the notice says.Jacques, has, in the same notice, directed flying squads, excise officials and police to act immediately in case of any violation and report such cases to the excise commissioner and the returning officer concerned.Elections 2012 NewsGoa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11609942", "title": "Ramesh, Subrata discuss rural jobs", "text": "KOLKATA: The Centre is receptive to the Mamata Banerjee government's idea of paying beneficiaries of the 100-day work scheme under MGNREGA on a weekly basis. It, however, would prefer to study the legal implications before acceding to another request - to make anyone above 18 years eligible for work under the scheme even if they're from the same family.Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh on Monday met state panchayat minister Subrata Mukherjee over several demands by the cash-strapped government as part of his three-day trip to Kolkata.Ramesh is expected to head for Bankura and Purulia to take stock of the rural projects funded by the Centre. So far, the state has only been able to provide 19 days' job to the rural poor under the scheme. The poor record also figured in Ramesh's November 30 letter to chief minister Mamata Banerjee.Mukherjee, after taking over as the panchayat minister, has set a 50-day target to be met in the next three months. This, however, hinges on whether the government will be able to pay the beneficiaries at intervals shorter than the three-week period and if members of the same family are made eligible for work. \"They've agreed to it,\" said Mukherjee.The state's wish list to Ramesh included paying more money under Indira Awas Yojna (from the present Rs 10,000 to Rs 25,000), allocation for construction of 500 to 999 km road stretches under the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sarak Yojna and immediate allocation for construction of 148 bridges connecting the roads already built under this scheme. \"The roads and bridge construction has been sanctioned,\" Mukherjee said.The meeting, which was attended by Trinamool MLAs Tamonash Ghosh, Rajeev Banerjee, Asoke Deb, Firdousi Begum and assembly deputy speaker Sonali Ghosh, also saw Mukherjee highlighting another issue in which the state and Centre are at loggerheads. As per the Centre's records, 28.3% of the state's population is eligible for BPL cards. But state's records show the figure actually stands at 48.5%. On this BPL records depends the quantum of allocation.Ramesh had earlier written to Mamata on the state dragging its feet over conducting the census. Mukherjee defended this saying it requires a client version software which the state received today and the census would commence next week.Ramesh on his part tried to impress on Mukherjee the need to breathe life into the \"Nirmal Village\". He said the identified villages should be provided with all facilities for use by villagers. This, he said, should be backed by a sustained campaign on the need to develop proper sanitation habits. Ramesh appeared satisfied with the progress of the projects under the PHE department, but said more work needs to be done in the Jangalmahal districts.Trinamool's Domjur MLA Rajeev Banerjee wanted such projects in Howrah where water salinity is a problem. \"It is a shame that even to this day, people in some of these affected belts have to buy drinking water,\" he said. Both Mukherjee and Ramesh promised to resolve the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11610942", "title": "US drones kill 5 militants in Pak", "text": "WASHINGTON: US drones struck a house and a vehicle in Pakistan's restive North Waziristan tribal region on Monday, killing at least five militants. The missile strikes were carried out at Mohammad Khel and Degan in Datta Khel area of North Waziristan tribal agency. Meanwhile, Pakistan's military rejected the United States findings on a November 26 Nato cross-border air attack that killed 24 Pakistani soldiers, reducing the chances of a resolution of the dispute and an improvement in ties at the lowest in years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "suri", "code": "11609360", "title": "18-year-old paraded semi-naked", "text": "SURI: An 18-year-old girl was allegedly tortured and paraded in a semi-naked condition by family members of her second husband in a Birbhum village on Sunday night.The administration admitted the girl to Rampurhat subdivisional hospital on Monday. Her sister-in-law was detained for interrogation though the rest of the accused and the woman's husband went into hiding.The teen got married to a youth of Mallarpur, Prasanta Let, a few months ago. But the marriage did not last and she returned to her father's house in Kusumba, under Rampurhat subdivision. Sometime later, she got into a relationship with a neighbour Tamal Let, who is also her distant relative. They reportedly tied the knot last week. This, however, did not go down very well with Tamal's family who did not like the idea of their son marrying a woman who had been married before.On Saturday, the couple returned to Kusumba, but the girl did not go to Tamal's house. On Sunday night, however, she was allegedly summoned by Tamal's father. When she went there, her in-laws allegedly started torturing her physically and allegedly paraded her semi-nude through the village. In the face of a strong mob sentiment, Tamal could do little to protest. Neither could her own family members.\"We came to know about the incident on Monday morning and immediately sent a police force to Kusumba,\" said Rampurhat SDO Baivab Sribastav. \"Our officers spoke to the girl. She told them she was tortured, her hair was snipped and she was forced to walk in a semi-naked condition across the village. We have sent her to Rampurhat subdivisional hospital. One person has been detained for interrogation. But what exactly happened is yet to be investigated. We will provide security for her family members if they seek it,\" he added.The girl's father alleged that he had been threatened against lodging a police complaint. \"We are very poor. We could not even protest when they tortured my daughter. They warned me against lodging a complaint with police. I did not even dare to take my daughter to hospital till police came,\" he said. Tamal and his family members have fled the village. Police have detained Tamal's sister Saraswati Let for questioning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11609356", "title": "Red Ribbon Express arrives in Pink City", "text": "JAIPUR: The Red Ribbon Express, which was flagged off during the National Youth Day on January 12 as part of third edition of HIV/AIDS awareness campaign, arrived at Jaipur's Durgapura railway station on Monday to create awareness about the global scourge especially among the youths.The Rajasthan State AIDS Control Society (RSACS) said 8,000 students and people from all walks of life visited the train. Before reaching Jaipur, the train halted at Sadulpur, Hanumangarh, Bhagat Ki Kothi and Jaisalmer.During the Jaipur stop, around 70,000 people visited the train, which is spreading a campaign to spread awareness about HIV/AIDS. The train has also various facilities, including counseling and testing of HIV/AIDS. Around 1,874 people were counseled and 1,719 of them opted for HIV/AIDS testing.Addressing as chief guest at the welcome function of the Red Ribbon Express, health minister A A Khan said, \"Under RSACS, various programme for improving life of the people living with HIV/AIDS and to give them support are being carried out.\"Various cultural and magic shows were organized to create awareness about HIV/AIDS during the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11609179", "title": "State govt probe against MSEDCL director Deore", "text": "NASHIK: The state government has ordered an inquiry against Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Ltd director (projects) M K Deore after allegations of corruption and amassing wealth disproportionate to known sources of income were raised against him during the assembly session in Nagpur.Power minister Ajit Pawar has directed state energy secretary Vidyadhar Kanade to look into the technical aspects of the allegations being levelled.\"We have initiated an inquiry against the officer and the report has to be presented to the state government,\" Kanade told TOI. However, he did not give a time-frame for presenting the report.Deore said he has not received any communication from the government over it. \"I have overheard something... but nothing in black and white. As and when things come up, I will face it. I know, I have not done anything wrong anytime,\" he told TOI.MSEDCL managing director Ajoy Mehta refused to comment.At the assembly session in Nagpur, the leader of the opposition, Eknath Khadse, had moved a motion alleging several charges of corruption against Deore and demanded an inquiry by the anti-corruption bureau.\"There are several allegations of corruption against Deore right since he joined service, including amassing of huge wealth. In 1996-97 the then energy minister had made a statement that Deore should not be given a posting where he comes into public contact,\" Khadse had charged.However, Pawar had said \"I think the officer has good conduct\" but asked the energy secretary to look into the technical aspects of it.Deore was the chief engineer of the Nashik zone from 2007 to 2009, during which industrial consumers from Malegaon had objected to his billing decisions, while the city-based Veej Grahak Sanghatana, representing power consumers, filed a public interest litigation against him in the Bombay High Court.During his tenure in Nashik, there were a lot of controversies surrounding Deore, including allegations of implementing load-shedding on industrial feeder at Dyane in Malegaon.\"We had been demanding continuous power from the industrial feeder but we were asked to pay for transmission and distribution losses of MSEDCL on that feeder. The officer even produced a memorandum of understanding that said the industrialists had to pay for the transmission and distribution losses. But neither did the MoU have any signatures on it nor were we aware of any such MoU,\" alleged Swapnil Kothari, the then president of the association of plastic manufacturers at Dyane.\"We even filed a criminal case in the district and sessions court of Malegaon,\" he said.Lawyer Siddharth Soni, who represents Veej Grahak Samiti in Nashik, claimed that when the officer was being promoted from chief engineer to executive director (corporate planning) and then as the director (projects), there were criminal cases pending against him in Malegaon and Nashik district and sessions court.\"In Nashik, he is alleged of helping an individual in power theft. We have therefore challenged his appointments by way of PIL and it is pending before Bombay High Court Bombay,\" Soni claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11610915", "title": "Identify cops who fettered accused, court tells state", "text": "MUMBAI: Identify the policemen and take action, the Bombay High Court on Monday told the state government while hearing a PIL citing incidents of handcuffing and fettering of prisoners/accused and even of three students accused of taking part in a protest.In August 2011, a prisoner, handcuffed and fettered with ropes, was made to walk from CST towards Hutatma Chowk where the high court and sessions court are located.A division bench of Justice Sharad Bobde and Justice Mridula Bhatkar was hearing the PIL by NGO Criminal Justice Initiative of the Indian Centre of Human Rights and Law against the blatant handcuffing and fettering of prisoners contrary to various orders of the Supreme Court. The petition also mentioned and annexed a picture of a man who was handcuffed on the Andheri magistrate court premises in May 2011.\"Trace them and take action. These pictures do not appear to be false. They are in your custody. The policeman's face is obvious in the picture (Andheri incident),'' said Justice Bobde. The judges asked the name of the superior officer-in-charge of policemen who escort prisoners to and from court and jail. \"Who is the officer? Give us the name of the superior officer. He has to know his own men. The superior officer is bound to recognize them,\" he added. The judges have directed the officer-in-charge of the escorting policemen to remain present in court next week.The judges also enquired about a third incident in May 2011 when three students from Nashik were allowed to give their final exams only after they were fettered to the examination desks. They were allegedly among 200 persons arrested after a protest by a local community to the proposed special economic zone in Sinnar by an industrial house.The affidavits of two students were submitted to the court stating that they were fettered to the desk contrary to the affidavit of the superintendent of police (Nashik) that the students had denied the incident.The government lawyer sought an adjournment, saying she has no instructions in the three incidents as the matter is handled by public prosecutor Pandurang Pol, who was not available. The judges were far from convinced but by way of \"last chance\" , adjourned the matter by a week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "exam", "code": "11615003", "title": "Aipmt 2012", "text": "Exam: All India Pre-Medical/ Pre-Dental Entrance Examination 2012 by CBSE.For admission to: 15% of the total seats for Medical / Dental courses in all medical/dental colleges run by the Union of India, State Governments, Municipal or other local authorities in India except in the states of Andhra Pradesh and Jammu Kashmir. Both exams would be objective typeEligibility: Indian nationals, at least 17 years (not above 25 years) of age on or before December 31 of the year of admission (relaxed five years for SC/ST/OBC), passed in the subjects Physics, Chemistry, Biology/ Biotechnology and English individually and must have obtained a minimum of 50% taken together in Physics, Chemistry and Biology/ Biotechnology (40% for SC/ST/OBC candidates) at the qualifying exam (Plus Two). Further, for persons with locomotor disability of lower limbs, the minimum of 45% for General-PH and 40% for SC-PH/ST-PH/OBC-PH are required. Those taking the plus two exam in 2012 may also apply.The Preliminary Examination would be a three hour paper containing 200 objective type questions from Physics, Chemistry and Biology (Botany Zoology). Only for those who qualify in the Preliminary Examination will appear for the Final Exam. The Final Examination (three hours) would consist of one paper containing 120 objective type questions from Physics, Chemistry and Biology (Botany Zoology).The Syllabus is common to both Preliminary and Final Examination. Please see Appendix-I for details.Each question carries 4 marks. For each correct response the candidate will get 4 marks. For each incorrect response one mark will be deducted from the total score.Form: May apply online at www.aipmt.nic.in. Rs 1000 is the fee for General/ OBC, Rs 550 for SC/ST/PH.Deadlines: January 25, 2012 (submission of online application without late fee/ February 2, 2012(Submission of confirmation page in CBSE without late fee) / February 8, 2012 (submission online application with late fee of Rs 500)/ February 24, 2012 (submission of online application with late fee of Rs 1000).Exam dates: Preliminary Exam on April 1, 2012 and Final examination on May 13, 2012.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11609917", "title": "City students make film on Anna", "text": "PATNA: Anti-corruption crusader Anna Hazare may have temporarily ceased to be the toast of media and his popular support weakened, but some of his fans are still up in support of his anti-corruption movement.A group of mass communication students from a city-based private institute has made a short film \"We support Anna\" with the objective of rekindling support for the Anna's movement.\"The powerful support for Anna has witnessed a lull recently. It was media which was the bedrock for Anna's support. We had also done a lot of news reporting during Anna's campaign,\" Ashish Tandon, a third-year student of mass communication, told TOI.The five-minute film has been shot in the city. \"As we lacked enough resources, we could not make it longer. It was shot at places of historical importance and revolutionary significance in Patna,\" said Amit Ranjan, a second-year student.The film, which is being circulated online, has generated good response. It is being appreciated by many. \"Our objective is to increase awareness against corruption. So, we decided to be with Anna's movement and support him as much as we can,\" said Neha Bharti, a first-year student.The students are also upset with incidents of recent attacks on Team Anna. \"We can see destructive elements everywhere. In the beginning, every great thing was opposed,\" said Akash Pratik, a second-year student, said. The video has been uploaded on YouTube and Facebook.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11610196", "title": "Sabarimala panel to resume sitting", "text": "KOCHI: The Justice Hariharan Nair Commission probing the Sabarimala stampede which claimed 102 lives during the Makarajyothi festival in 2011 will resume its sitting in Thiruvananthapuram on Friday. ``We had planned to resume the sitting on Thursday but deferred it to Friday as the witnesses informed us they would appear at the proposed sitting at Peerumedu later,'' Justice Hariharan told TOI here.The doctors who attended to the victims of the tragedy will appear before the commission on Friday and the paramedical staff will appear before it on Saturday.The police and the security staff who were on duty at Pulmedu where the stampede had occurred on January 14, 2011 will depose before the commission at the sitting proposed to be held at Peerumedu on February 6 and 7.``The examination of the witnesses will be over by February 10 and after a gap of some days, the commission will conduct a cross-examination. The commission will start preparing its report in the first week of March and will submit the final report to the government before March 31,'' he said.Justice Hariharan expressed satisfaction that the government and the Travanocore Devaswom Board which administers the Sabarimala temple had implemented most of the recommendations made by the commission in its interim report, submitted earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11610116", "title": "Released Malayali sailors may reach Oman soon", "text": "KOCHI: The Indian chemical oil tanker and 21 members of the crew released from captivity by Somali pirates last week are likely to reach Oman's Salalah port within a day or two, Defence Ministry officials told TOI here.An Indian Navy ship is escorting the vessel on its way to Salalah from where it was hijacked by Somali pirates on August 20. The crew includes two Keralites -- Rohit (28) of Triprayar, and Mohammed Nangi (53) of Doddanangi Mogral in Kasargod district.The remaining are reportedly from north India. When contacted, Rohit's mother Jalaja said her son had called her up on Tuesday and told her that he was safe and healthy. The Navy supplied them food packets with the help of helicopters.She, however, did not know when the ship would reach Salalah port.According to sources, the crew members are likely to stay in Salalah for a couple of days for medical check-up and other formalities before flying back to their native land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11610487", "title": "First legal marijuana-based drug that can kill pain awaits nod", "text": "LONDON: If a British firm has its way, then the world's first cannabis-based prescription drug for mitigating cancer pain could soon hit pharmacies across the United States, a media report said.The UK-based GW Pharma is currently conducting \"landmark\" trials of medicines derived from the cannabis plant - in fact it's a spray developed from raw marijuana which the firm hopes to market in the US as a potential treatment for cancer pain, the 'Daily Mail' online reported.The drug, called Sativex, contains marijuana's two best known components - delta 9-THC and cannabidiol - which are already endorsed in Canada, New Zealand and eight European countries for relieving muscle spasms associated with multiple sclerosis.Now, GW Pharma hopes to receive US government approval by the end of next year, the report said. Possession of marijuana is still illegal in the UK but some 10 years back, GW Pharma's founder, Dr Geoffrey Guy, got the permission to grow it to develop a prescription drug.Dr Guy proposed the idea at a scientific conference that heard anecdotal evidence that pot provides relief to multiple sclerosis patients, and British government welcomed it as a potential way \"to draw a clear line between recreational and medicinal use\" , company spokesman Mark Rogerson said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11608900", "title": "Rifts appear on JNU campus over student election stir", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rifts have begun to appear in the Joint Struggle Committee, even as the strike at Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU), demanding immediate notification of dates for the students' union elections received a mixed response.Though left-backed student organizations like the National Students' Union of India (NSUI) has not officially boycotted the indefinite hunger strike, which has entered its fourth day, as well as the indefinite strike, several students alleged that the call was unilateral, which may further aggravate the situation and jeopardize the probability of an early election.The JNU administration has, via is legal counsel, written to the Supreme Court seeking clarification whether elections can be conducted in the current semester as the Apex Court's guidelines stated that students' union elections are to be conducted within six to eight weeks of the commencement of the academic session, which in the case of JNU is July.\"We are not boycotting the strike, but All India Students' Association (AISA) and Students' Federation of India (SFI) has unilaterally called for a strike without consulting other students' bodies. NSUI had a talk with the vice chancellor of JNU and we believe that by acting on impulse we should not allow another stay on the elections. Since a clarification has been sought by the JNU administration we should wait for the reply as the administration assured us that the process will be initiated as soon as the reply comes. We also demanded the immediate setting up of the Grievance Redressal Committee,\" said general secretary, NSUI-JNU, Iqbal Singh.Meanwhile, the university strike called by the SFI and AISA received a mixed response with a majority of the science classes witnessing normal attendance. Though social science and language classes were suspended in the morning, they resumed in the afternoon.Calling the attitude of the administration insensitive, the SFI maintained that seeking clarification is simply a delay tactic. \"The student community has clearly decided that until the election dates are not notified, the strike will continue. SFI-AISF also makes it amply clear that the responsibility of the impending crisis shall rest solely on the administration,\" said Zico Dasgupta, vice president of SFI-JNU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11607871", "title": "Raipur cops raid Panaji offices of mining firm", "text": "PANAJI: Raipur police raided the Panaji offices of PVG Exporter and Logistics on Monday morning following an arrest warrant issued by a Raipur CJM.PVG Exporter and Logistics is a supplier of iron ore for exports and is involved in mining activities in Goa.A Raipur police team from Chhattisgarh first raided the office of PVG near 18th June road and also an office in the Panaji market. The raid lasted a few minutes in the office near the 18th June road, while the raiding team found that the office near Panaji market was closed.Confirming the raids, Raipur special investigation cell PI Ashok Joshi said, \"Our team raided PVG offices in Panaji on Monday morning. We have an arrest warrant against Prasanna V Ghodge of PVG Exporter and Logistics and we are trying to locate his whereabouts.\"The Raipur CJM had issued an arrest warrant against Ghodge, for his alleged involvement in selling inferior iron ore fines to an exporting firm in Goa by falsely showing the fines as being rich in iron (Fe). Raipur police had on last Thursday arrested Jayesh Parab, a close associate of Ghodge.Prasanna Ghodge confirmed the raids. Talking to TOI he said he was out of station and was perplexed by the searches. \"They have illegally trespassed into my property. I am in no way concerned with the case, which anyway is a civil matter. We will be talking to our lawyers on the necessary legal recourse we need to take now.\" Raipur police have moved an application for transit remand of Jayesh. The matter will be heard on Tuesday. Sources said that Jayesh has moved for bail in the high court of Bombay at Goa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11610033", "title": "HC raps state govt for not providing facilities to CBI", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court came down heavily on the state government on Monday for not providing proper infrastructure to the CBI, which is probing the 2003 Sadiq Jamal Mehtar encounter case. The government has been directed to give the CBI a 2,200 sq m office in Gandhinagar by Monday evening. The court also asked the government to provide all necessary facilities, including accommodation to CBI officials in circuit houses within 10 days.The investigation had been handed over to the CBI in June 2011. \"Six months later, all things are still on paper and nothing has been provided to CBI. You have not done anything else, except for exchange of correspondence in this period,\" Justice M R Shah told the government pleader.When the government pleader tried to argue loudly, blaming CBI for raising trivial issues, the judge commented, \"By raising your voice, do not try to make the issue sensational and controversial.\" The government objected to providing six air-conditioned rooms to CBI sleuths, but the judge remarked, \"Do not compel us to speak out. You provide 600 AC rooms for different purpose. I do not want to speak such things from the dais.\"CBI counsel Yogesh Ravani told the court that the delay in the probe was due to lack of infrastructure. But counsel for Mehtar's brother, Mukul Sinha, complained that the CBI's investigations in the case had been slow in Maharashtra as well, where the agency can't say it does not have infrastructure.To this, Justice Shah noted that CBI had already examined 107 witnesses, and kept the next hearing on CBI's demand for a six-month extension in February.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11614371", "title": "Dushant Wagh is happy!", "text": "Television actor Dushyant Wagh who plays Guru in Sudhir Sharma's Na Bole Tum Na Maine Kuuch Kaha turned a year older on January 23.He is the inner voice of the lead actor Kunal Karan Kapoor in the show. Dushyant has been offered lot of roles so far, but some he has refused and rest he felt were non substantial. In the industry where actors die to get work, Dushyant really seems to be lucky to get so many offers.On being asked how he celebrated his birthday, he said, \"\"I thoroughly enjoyed celebrating the day with my family. I feel one should celebrate their special days with family only. I love my parents and because of their blessings, I feel I am getting success in life.\"\" About celebration on the sets, he says, \"\"I was pampered by my entire cast and crew. I got loads and loads of wishes. I thoroughly enjoyed my birthday this year.\"\"Well, Dushyant it seems you believe in Karan Johar philosophy of life, it is all about loving your parents!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11610218", "title": "Warm weather makes brief visit to city", "text": "NEW DELHI: For the first time in many days, Delhi experienced a warm, sunny afternoon. The maximum temperature went up one degree above normal to 22.7 degrees Celsius, the first time it has gone above 20 degrees since January 16. The morning was colder at 5.6 degrees Celsius, two degrees below normal, and moderate fog was experienced at the IGI Airport in the early hours of the day.\"There is no possibility of dense fog for Delhi on Tuesday. It might be cloudy on Wednesday and Thursday but so far chances of rain due to an expected western disturbance are also very limited. The forecast for the remaining week will become clearer by Tuesday. The fresh WD will only affect the hills this time and won't have much impact on the plains,\" said RK Jenamani, director in-charge, IGI Met.The city was almost uniformly warm during the day, recording the highest maximum of 23.3 degrees Celsius at Lodhi Road, followed by the Ridge which saw its maximum temperature go up to 23 degrees Celsius. The minimum ranged between 3.7 degrees Celsius at Jafarpur and Narela and 7.5 degrees Celsius at Pitampura. Delhi University recorded a minimum temperature of 7 degrees Celsius.\"Cold and dry north/northwesterly winds are blowing over the region because of which moisture content in the atmosphere has reduced. The sky is clear which is leading to warming and hence the high day temperatures,\" said Met officials.On Monday, shallow fog was observed during the morning hours in isolated pockets of Punjab, Haryana. Delhi, Uttar Pradesh, Assam and Bihar. Cold wave conditions and ground frost was recorded at a few places over Haryana and in isolated pockets of Punjab, Rajasthan, west UP and north Madhya Pradesh. The lowest temperature recorded in the plains was 0.5 degrees Celsius at Narnaul in Haryana. Minimum temperatures fell by 2-4 degrees over many parts of Punjab, Haryana and Rajasthan.Met officials said that rain and snow could be expected over a few areas in the western Himalayan region for the next two days and at more places thereafter. Rain and thundershowers could also be expected over one or two places in the plains of northwest India from January 25. Both maximum and minimum temperatures could rise by 2-3 degrees over parts of northwest and adjoining central India over the next 2 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11609355", "title": "Syndicate or selection panel, who decides?", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Kerala University administration is mired in controversies and is being constantly dragged into courts.After the posting of university assistants took an ugly course with the Lok Ayukta's observation about the appointments, it is the turn of the post of controller of exams to enter into a legal tangle.After the university syndicate vetoed the appointment of the candidate nominated by the selection committee headed by the vice-chancellor, the high court stayed the proceedings as the candidate approached the court.This new development will force the university wait further for the new controller of exams at a time when exams are round the corner. The post has remained vacant since March 2011.\"There are multiple opinions in this matter. The candidate selected by the committee will have an edge if he can convince the court that he had been selected by a committee that has representation from the syndicate. At the same time, syndicate can argue that it is the sole deciding authority even if a candidate has been selected by the committee,\" sources in the university said.Syndicate members argue that the selection committee only has the power to nominate and that the final decision rests with the syndicate, which has to ratify an appointment.The three-member selection committee comprising vice-chancellor A Jayakrishnan and two other syndicate members had nominated K Madhu Kumar as the controller of exams. The syndicate struck down the nomination by 10 votes to eight.Syndicate members irrespective of political affiliations, had joined hands to veto the appointment alleging that the candidate did not have the required qualification.Interestingly, those who voted against the selection committee's nominee also included UDF members who, according to sources, had acted upon the directive from the education minister's office, which was looking for a Muslim candidate.And with the court staying further proceedings, the university's plan to re-notify the post will also have to be shelved for the time being.It will now have to wait till the high court clears Madhu Kumar's petition, which may take months. Till then, College Development Council director M Jayaprakash will continue to hold the additional charge of the controller of examinations.Kerala varsity dragged to court over selection of controller of exams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11610584", "title": "DDA shows off \u2018kit\u2019 flats for poor", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi Development Authority inaugurated a sample block of 60 flats for the economically weaker sections (EWS) in Dwarka with much fanfare on Monday.In a first, DDA has used prefabricated technology to construct these housing units. The technology involves use of precast columns, beams, slabs, staircases, and the flats are assembled at the site itself. While 2,400 housing units will be built in Sector 23 in Dwarka, 11,060 houses are going come up in Rohini and 6,580 in Narela using this technology, work for which is under way. The total cost has been pegged at Rs 762.3 crore and the project is expected to be completed by October 2013.Kamal Nath who was the chief guest at the event, admired the flats and hoped that DDA would be able to meet its target of building 1 lakh flats for the EWS every year. He had earlier said DDA should focus on EWS housing to make Delhi slum-free. He said the prefab technology is commonly used abroad. \"It is a safe technology that helps in speedy construction of buildings. With this technology, the agency should attempt to double its annual target,\" he said.He said the challenge posed by rapid urbanization can met by taking into account future needs, along with the present scenario, while planning.\"The infrastructural facilities should keep pace with the city's growth. The revised master plan should factor in the ground realities,\" said Nath. Speaking about the new technology, G S Patnaik, vice-chairman, DDA, said, \"Pre-fab technology, also known as 3 S technology (speed, safety and sustainability ), is environment-friendly, as use of timber is completely eliminated.\"The sample block housed a shop as well as an a n g a n w a d i centre. Each flat has one bedroom, a bathroom with ceramic tiles, a kitchen and a lobby area. Each building has five storeys.All housing complexes will have amenities like grocery shops, parks, community centres, chowkidar hut, parking spaces and ananganwad icentre in each block.The complex will be pedestrian friendly, with vehicular movement limited to the peripheries. The proof-checking of structural designs for these flats has been done by IIT Roorkee .Regarding the allotment of flats, DDA spokesperson Neemo Dhar said, \"That still has to be decided. A proper scheme will be formulated for this purpose.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11613395", "title": "When Vikramjit Virk killed Shriya", "text": "He is quite the hunky dude, who is now trying his luck with south Indian films. Vikramjeet Virk, who will debut this week in the Malayalam film Casanovva, says he had a good time working with the south Indian beauties.\"It is the first time I have worked with Lakshmi Rai, while I have known Shriya Saran quite well, since she is also based in Mumbai. It was good sharing screen space with them in my first film as they are such big names here,\" he says. Talking about his role, he adds, \"In the film, I happen to kill Shriya, while I'm actually supposed to be killing someone else. It is quite interesting.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11610722", "title": "Tata Sumo stolen at gunpoint in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: A driver, working with DLF Project Pvt. Ltd, was robbed of the company's Tata Sumo at gunpoint in Sector 5 late on Sunday evening. The victim was going to the project officer after dropping off staff. The robbers held the driver hostage till they finally threw him from the Sumo near Beri village of Jhajjar district. According to the police, Rakesh Kumar, resident of Shamlu Kalan village of Jind district, was working as a driver with DLF, Sector 56, Gurgaon.On Sunday around 8pm four unknown people stopped the Sumo near CRPF Chowk when he was leaving from Sheetla Mata Mandir road after dropping off company staff. When he stopped the car, one of them held him at gunpoint and the gang drove the car away.Cops said the gang stopped the car near Beri village and threw Rakesh out and fled with the Sumo. The victim spent the whole night in the village before calling his office and the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11613384", "title": "Sonia's big comeback", "text": "After being seen last in Vaanam, actress Sonia Aggarwal is gearing up for her next big release.Touted to be her comeback flick, Oru Nadigayin Vakkumoolam is gearing up to hit screens this week. The film, which chronicles the rise and fall of an actress, recently was given a green signal from the censor board, which awarded it a 'U/A' certificate.Says its director Rajkrishna, \"The censor board officials wanted me to mute just a few lines in the film. They were very happy with the outcome and said that despite having an opportunity to include very sensuous and glamorous content, I chose to keep my film clean.\"He adds, \"Sonia has done an exceptionally good job as an actress. I wouldn't be wrong if I said that she has lived the character she plays in my film.\" Soon after the release, the two will join hands again for another project, Achchamenna, in which Sonia will be paired opposite Jithan Ramesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "ayub bachchu was supposed to be in kolkata on january 16 to record a number for debaditya's '8", "code": "11615404", "title": "Ayub Bachchu sings for T-town", "text": "Ayub Bachchu was supposed to be in Kolkata on January 16 to record a number for Debaditya's '8:08 er Bonga Local'. However, the singer missed his date with the city due to his shows in Digha and Mandarmoni.\"It has now been decided that Ayub Bachchu will record the number at his Dhaka studio and send it to us. In case any correction is required, he has said that he will get it done and incorporated in the song and will resend it to us. He will be here in the end March for the film's promotion,\" says the excited filmmaker.This track has already been recorded in singer Shaan's voice. \"We had even approached Kabir Suman to sing the song for us. I am happy that he has given his consent to it. We are waiting to record the track with him. I want his version to be there in the title. In fact, I intend to keep all the three versions in the film. The music has been done by Tanmoy Bose,\" says Debaditya.The film deals with a common man who takes the Bonga Local and the various incidents that he faces on a day to day basis. One day, something unusual happens that changes his life forever.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11610204", "title": "Court embargo on Agneepath song", "text": "NAGPUR: Film buffs awaiting the release of Karan Johar's 'Agneepath' (due to release on January 26) may not get to see one song \"Oh Saiyya\". The reason: the song has landed in a copyright issue.The complainant Aditya Salankar, a Nagpur-based artist, moved the district and sessions court here claiming that the song was a copy of a song penned by him.Additional session judge PV Ganediwala on Monday passed an order asking the defendants - Sony Music and five others, besides Johar and his production house Dharma Productions, to file reply before January 27.The Madhav Nagar resident claimed that the song sung by Roop Kumar in movie is in fact copyright property. Salankar stated that he even composed music for the song having lyrics \"Teri Meri Kahani Adhoori\" and is scheduled to be released it mid-February in his album 'Kaira'.Salankar, who had filed this suit through his counsel Sharad Bhattad, stated that he was granted certificate of copyright registration (L-32349/2009) on March 16, 2009. He added that he had shot a video for the song and submitted it to the Central Board for Film Certification (CBFC) for registration which he obtained on October 10 last year.Salankar said he spent over Rs15 lakh so far towards music and the video of the song and demanded Rs2 lakh compensation from the defendants.He claimed to have sent legal notices to the defendants after learning about the song and what he claimed as 'copyright violation', but he received no reply.The judge after hearing both songs and perusing copyright documents observed that both recordings were deceptively similar and even the lyrics appeared similar. \"If the film is released before with the debatable song, it may cause an irreparable loss to the plaintiff,\" the judge said.'Rope in commandos to shift mentally-ill persons'Nagpur: The Nagpur bench of Bombay high court on Monday asked the state government and police department to explore the possibility of roping in Charlie commandoes to locate mentally challenged persons found wandering on the streets and admit them at rehabilitation homes.The court's orders came after petitioner Raghvendra Joshi, a lawyer, appealed to the judges in this regard and also pleaded for awarding compensation to these commandoes. The court then asked the government to reply in four weeks.During the last hearing, the court had directed the city police commissioner to frame a scheme for proper care and rehabilitation of mentally challenged persons wandering on the city streets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11610128", "title": "Two arrested for assaulting man", "text": "PUNE: Four persons armed with sharp weapons severely assaulted a 27-year-old youth for allegedly eve-teasing the sister of one of them a few months ago. Sachin Pachpute was attacked near the Ghorpadi railway crossing on Sunday night. Pachpute and the suspects are residents of S.No. 79 at Vikasnagar in Ghorpadi.According to senior inspector Bajirao Mohite of Wanowrie police station, a dispute had taken place between one of the suspects, Nelson alias Nanson Anthony, and Pachpute over alleged eve-teasing of Anthony's sister around six months ago.Both had registered cross-complaints at the Mundhwa police station, but later they had entered into a compromise as they were living in the same area. However, Anthony apparently continued to keep a grudge against Pachpute, Mohite said.On the day of the incident, the suspects called Pachpute near a temple at the railway crossing around 9.30 pm and attacked him with sharp weapons on his head, chest, back and hands.Pachpute's mother Asha Balu Pachpute lodged a complaint of attempted murder against Anthony, Ashfaque Shaikh, Deepak Suryavanshi and an unidentified person under section 307 of the IPC.The suspects had gone missing after the incident, but the police arrested Anthony (21) and Shaikh (20) from their hideouts. The police are on the lookout for Suryavanshi and the other suspect, whose identity has not yet been established.Suryavanshi is a criminal on the records of the Mundhwa police, Mohite said, adding that the two arrested attackers will be produced before the Pune cantonment court for seeking police custody remand on Tuesday.Pachpute, who is undergoing treatment at Sassoon general hospital, is reported to be out of danger.Pachpute was called near a temple around 9.30 pm and attacked with sharp weapons on his head, chest, back and hands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11610755", "title": "Pereira shifted to Nashik jail", "text": "MUMBAI: Alistair Pereira (26), convicted in a 2006 drunk driving case in which seven persons were killed, was shifted to the Nashik central prison on Monday to complete his three-year sentence.He had surrendered before the Khar police last Friday after the court issued a non-bailable warrant against him following an SC order which upheld the sentence granted by the Bombay HC.The trial court had convicted Pereira to a six-month sentence in the case, but the HC had extended the term.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11609601", "title": "Man gets life term for raping minor", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A local court here on Monday awarded life imprisonment to a resident of Burail village for raping a four-year-old girl in January, 2010. According to the police, the accused, Shambhu (30), hailing from West Bengal had been living separately from his wife and his family for the last over five years in Burail. The victim too was living in the same locality. \"Shambhu had been consuming liquor with his friends when he found the victim playing in the street. He took her to the terrace and committed the crime,\" said a police official here.Earlier too, the same accused was booked for raping another minor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "11610023", "title": "Tibetan parliament condemns firing incident", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: Tibetan parliament-in-exile, in a statement issued on Monday, condemned the alleged open firing incidence inside Tibet claiming the lives of six peoples.\"According to a reliable source inside Tibet, the Chinese police fired on peaceful Tibetan demonstrators in Kham Dag-go district and killed a layman named Yonten around noon on Monday. Sources also claimed that six people have been killed in indiscriminate firing and scores of others injured,\" the statement of the Tibetan Parliament mentioned.The statement further mentioned that the police opened fire when on Monday morning some Tibetans gathered calling for freedom and the return of the Dalai Lama to Tibet. Meanwhile, the Tibetan Center for Human Rights and Democracy (TCHRD) releasing their annual reports, said that human rights situation in Tibet has deteriorated as the Chinese government increased its repressive policies towards Tibetan people.In a press conference held here on Monday, executive director Tsering Tsomo, said the Chinese government maintains highly repressive policies in ethnic minority areas such as Tibet, Xinjiang, and Inner Mongolia in the name of \"social stability\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11611214", "title": "20-year-old drowns in Mudichur lake", "text": "CHENNAI: A 20-year-old college student drowned in a lake in Tambaram on Sunday. Police said T Jayakumar, 20, of Shanmugam Nagar, Mannivakkam, got caught in slush on the lake bed while attempting to collect water to wash his car. Jayakumar was a second year BSc student at Loyola College.\"Jayakumar and a few relatives went to the Mudichur Lake by car at 4.30pm on Sunday,\" a police officer said. \"His relatives jumped into the water, but Jayakumar did not join them because he did not know how to swim. He decided to wash the car instead and brought a bucket from the vehicle to fetch water from the lake,\" the officer added.Jayakumar stepped into the lake unaware that it was deep along that stretch and got stuck in slush. Jayakumar cried out for help and his relatives and a few passers-by rushed to his aid. \"They pulled him out of the water and took him to a hospital but he died on the way,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11610372", "title": "30-yr-old commits suicide due to depression", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 30-year-old man allegedly committed suicide by hanging himself from the ceiling in south Delhi on Sunday night. The deceased, Manav Kapoor, lived in Greater Kailash I with his parents and helped his father with his business. Cops have recovered a suicide note in which Manav said he does not hold anyone responsible for his death and was depressed due to his prolonged illness.The incident was discovered on Monday morning by the domestic help.\"We received a call around 11am about the suicide. The body has been sent for postmortem,\" said a senior police officer.Cops said Manav was depressed due to the ailment in his neck. He had recently undergone a surgery for the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11613263", "title": "Kamal's next, a take on corruption!", "text": "Post Viswaroopam, the actor will work on Amar Hain, a script he wrote two years ago.Just returned from a monthlong shoot of the Rs 100 crore Viswaroopam, billed the actor's biggest film yet, and he is already on to his next plum project, Amar Hain, a film that takes a dispassionate look at the legitimisation of corruption in present-day India.In typical Kamal Haasan style, Amar Hain too is being made in two languages (Tamil and Hindi) and the Ulaganayagan will direct and play the lead in both versions. A super-charged Kamal tells us, \"It's a script that I wrote two years ago and put aside because it required great intellectual and financial inputs. I think I am now ready on both counts.\"One of the country's most versatile actor-directors, Kamal has earned a reputation for making socio-politically relevant films, like Indian for instance. \"People ask me why I haven't joined politics and when I say, I don't wish to, they turn around and say, 'But there's so much money in it!' So even the common man sees politics as a means to make money,\" he explains. As such, Amar Hain is a film that says it like it is; it isn't judgmental about corruption, it looks at contemporary mores dispassionately, he adds.The other angle is the invisibility of global crime lords in the era of technology. \"In the digital era, everything including crime is on the computer and the phone. That's why we never see global players in the crime game, land in our country. Amar Hain goes into all of this,\" he reveals. Atul Tiwari, who is writing the dialogues for the Hindi Viswaroopam, will also be doing the dialogues for the Hindi Amar Hain.For Haasan, \"Tiwari gets the sur right and that is very important in relocating the language and culture from Tamil to Hindi through the spoken word.\" He goes on to say, \"This is also why I've always stayed away from dubbed films. I prefer to do films in two languages although it's time consuming and costly. And so it is with Viswaroopam and Amar Hain.\"Commenting on Viswaroopam, which is almost complete except for the climax to be shot in Delhi, he says, \"We shot the main outdoors in New York because the protagonist is based in that city. And then we matched New York with the Grand Rapids in Michigan. No one will be able to tell the difference.\"The biggest high is the Kathak dance he has performed, choreographed by the legendary Birju Maharaj. \"That's a dream come true. The looks of approval I got during the final take are my greatest reward,\" he declares proudly. Ribbed about his daughter's hit chartbuster Kolaveri Di with Dhanush, Kamal simply chuckles, \"The song functions through some sort of secret formula, which I haven't been able to crack. The day I do, I'll have my own Kolaveri Di.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "sasaram", "code": "11609636", "title": "Arms licences for tribals to 'fight' Maoists", "text": "SASARAM: The 700-odd tribals, who had fled their homes and taken shelter at a government accommodation in July last year, returned to their villages atop the Kaimur hills after 39 of them were given arms licences at the state government's behest.At least five tribals were killed in Maoist violence in Kharwar-dominated villages on the hills following which they abandoned the hills and huddled at Chenari, a block HQ town in the plains. The government later provided them shelter at a community hall.As efforts by district officials failed to persuade them to return to their villages, state home secretary Amir Subhani visited the camp on August 22 last year. He heard their grievances and they agreed to return if the administration provided them arms licences for self defence.The matter was referred to the state government which, acting on a police report on the actual threat perception, directed the Rohtas DM to issue licences to them.Sources said 61 tribals applied for it. \"While 39 of them have been issued the licences, the rest of the applications are under consideration,\" DM Anupam Kumar said. SP Manu Maharaj added if the tribals used the weapons for purposes other than self defence, the licences would be cancelled.\"All the 39 licensees have purchased the firearms and got them verified by the district authorities last week,\" one Sugreev Kharwar said and added now the tribals would rid the Kaimur hills of Maoists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11611293", "title": "Co-accused in kidnapping case convicted", "text": "KANPUR: The additional district and sessions judge V of Kanpur Nagar, Neerja Singh, on Monday convicted Siraj, a co-accused in minor girl kidnapping case, and punished him with seven years rigorous imprisonment along with a fine of Rs 3,000.According to additional district government counsel Tejveer Singh, the main accused was Mahendra Kumar and he had been punished by the court for 10 years' rigorous imprisonment along with a fine of Rs 8,000 on November 10, 2010.On February 29, 2008, complainant Mohd Yusuf, a resident of Juhi Naharia, had lodged a report that Mahendra, a resident of Rail Bazar locality, had eloped with his minor daughter. His friend Siraj and his wife were also involved in the kidnapping and they knew the whereabouts of the girl. The girl was recovered three days later when she was coming from Hamirpur along with Mehndra. Siraj had consumed dye on January 14 last when he was returning to session lockup.Meanwhile, in another judgment, special chief judicial magistrate A K Singh convicted one Kishan Kumar Dwivedi for misappropriation of funds and cheating and sentenced him to four years of rigorous imprisonment and imposed a fine to the tune of Rs 45,000 on him.According to court file, Kishan Kumar Dwivedi was the store keeper of Hindustan Lever company in Shuklaganj, Unnao. During the year 2002-2003, he collected 81 cheques from various parties and 31 out of them he kept with him and deposited them in a fake account managed by him. He, however, recorded the cheques in computer data and delivered the goods to the dealers.During the audit it was found that Dwivedi had misappropriated funds to the tune of Rs 4 crore. A case was registered against him at Nazeerabad police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11614385", "title": "Actor Navdeep enjoys an airborne joyride", "text": "Actor Navdeep spent Sunday having fun outdoors and in the skies!The star spent the day flying Remote Controlled (RC) choppers and taking an ariel spin aboard a cessna, a light sport aircraft, above the city of Hyderabad. The actor tweeted about his joyful experience, \"Had an amazing day flyin rc flights and an actual sessna flight :) hyd looks beautiful from up there i say :)\".The actor soon posted photographs of how the city's landscape looked from the air-borne flight and a picture of his along with the pilot seated in the cockpit. The actor informs how he ended up going for a spin aboard the cessna. \"I actually visited my friend who's undergoing training to become a pilot at his aviation academy. So I went on a joyride aboard a cessna and loved the view of the city from the top. I'd myself attended a four-day course in paragliding near Pune previously and fell in love with the skies,\" said the actor.\"And I must say that flying RC choppers is not easy as it looks. There is a lot of science involved - GPS, auto-pilot mode etc. One needs to be educated about a lot of things before he or she tries flying an RC airplane or chopper. It a serious and expensive hobby to pursue,\" he adds, throwing light on his stint at flying RC choppers on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11611248", "title": "Chilly winds trigger skin ailments", "text": "KANPUR: The chilly winds have increased the number of patients suffering from skin infections. A large number of patients are visiting the OPDs of various district hospitals, complaining of various skin ailments.According to Dr SK Arora, head of the department of skin, Lala Lajpat Rai Hospital, cases of scabies, eczema and other fungal infections are rising due to cold weather. Approximately 25 per cent of the patients are suffering from seasonal skin diseases.Scabies is a common skin infection that causes small itchy blisters due to tiny mites. The rashes appear on head, face, neck and palms. Itching is the most common symptom which tends to become worse during nights. It leads to the scratching of the skin. Continuous scratching leads to bacterial infection and pus. The infection is contagious and is usually transmitted through skin to skin contact. It spreads easily in crowded places.A professor in skin department at GSVM College said that eczema normally occurs due to dryness. He said that with the onset of winter season, blood supply to the skin decreases which affects the secretion of sebum, a kind of oil which keeps the skin moist.Dr Arora said that scratching makes the skin infections worse. It can lead to further bacterial infections. It is required to keep the nails short so that there are less chances of harming the skin while scratching. One should also use moisturizer and coconut oil regularly to keep the skin moist . Drink a lot of water to keep the body moisturized from within and bathe daily.The doctors advised to cover the face even during night while going out of home which can prevent the direct contact of chilly winds which trigger redness and etching sensation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "11608115", "title": "BJP-MGP may join forces to overthrow Ravi in Ponda", "text": "PONDA: With the legislative assembly election date fast approaching and candidates stepping up their election campaigns in various constituencies, party candidates in Ponda are yet to discuss alliance strategies.Ponda has been the bastion of Congress party's Ravi Naik for the last 12 years. While he is still hopeful of retaining the seat by a \"majority of 5,000 votes\", sources said he may face trouble this time given that Usgao with its 9,963 voters, which was a part of Ponda and Naik's stronghold, is now a part of Valpoi constituency following the delimitation exercise. An anxious Naik has begun conducting meetings in different wards.Moreover, with the BJP announcing plans of aligning with the MGP, Naik's fight to retain the seat will only get tougher, said political analysts. Sources within the BJP said that if the alliance does happen, their candidate would win with a majority of at least 6,000 votes in Ponda.During the 2007 assembly election, Naik won the Ponda seat by 1,656 votes over his rival, MGP's Lavu Mamledar.In a three-corner fight held between the Congress, MGP and BJP, Naik polled 9,972 votes, Mamledar got 8,316 and BJP's Sandeep Khandeparkar polled 5,940 votes. Santan Dias, who contested on a Secular Janata Dal's ticket polled 329 votes.The MGP alleged that the BJP helped the Congress win the 2007 election in Ponda constituency. Sources within the MGP said that Ponda voters were in support of Mamledar. However, after BJP activists asked some voters in Ponda to vote for the Congress, they foiled the MGP's chances of winning.Meanwhile, alliance or not, the BJP has already started meeting people in the constituency. BJP's Sunil Desai admitted that he has started conducting booth-level meetings. \"As a sincere soldier of the party, I am working for the BJP. If the high command asks me to contest from Ponda, I will obey,\" Desai said. Besides holding Shree Satyanarayan Mahapooja, the MGP has not stepped up election activity in Ponda.While he is still hopeful of retaining the seat, sources said Ravi Naik may face trouble this time given that Usgao with its 9,963 voters, which was a part of Ponda and Naik's stronghold, is now a part of Valpoi constituency following the delimitation exercise. Moreover, with the BJP announcing plans of aligning with the MGP, Naik's fight to retain the seat is set to get tougher.Elections 2012 NewsGoa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "11609964", "title": "Talati, clerk held taking Rs 15K bribe", "text": "SURAT: Anti-corruption bureau (ACB) sleuths arrested a talati and a clerk for accepting a bribe of Rs 15,000 in Kudsad village of Kim taluka in Surat district.The talati allegedly demanded bribe for transferring four flats on name of the owner after it was sold.Nilesh Varvade, a property broker had approached the talati Kasam Diwawalart to get the ownership of four flats in Suryalok Society transferred in the name of the new buyer after assessment.Diwawala had demanded Rs 6,000 for each of the flat.Varvade had visited Diwawala's office seven times but Diwawala continued to demand Rs 24,000. After discussions, Diwawala agreed to accept Rs 15,000.Meanwhile, Varvade contacted the anti-corruption bureau and registered a compliant against Diwawala. The ACB sleuths planned a trap as part of which Varvade went to pay the bribe to Diwawala at his office in the village. Diwawala asked Varvade to handover the money to a contractual clerk in his office, Alpesh Patel. As soon as Patel accepted the money, the ACB team arrested the talati and Patel.While collecting personal details about Diwawala, police found that he owns two cars and lives a luxurious life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11611160", "title": "HC slams govt for not filing reply in T Nagar sealing case", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has slammed the state government for seeking more time to file its reply to the batch of cases concerning the sealing of 25 buildings in T Nagar for violating rules.\"The advocate-general seeks time to file counter-affidavit. It is unfortunate that despite the matter being heard on many dates and going up to the Supreme Court, till date no counter has been filed by the state,\" observed the first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Jjustice T S Sivagnanam on Monday.The bench, however, did grant the government time till January 31 to file its response, and adjourned the matter to February 7 for further hearing.The batch of cases are before the first bench after the apex court stayed its order directing the building code violators to approach the court-appointed monitoring committee to get the seals removed.The first bench also directed the senior advocate for the Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority (CMDA) to submit a chart containing details such as the blueprints of the buildings that violated norms, the extent of unauthorized constructions by them and whether the plans were sanctioned or not.The judges said: \"We expect that the lawyers will not give an impression to the Supreme Court that the court was reluctant to hear the matter.\"More than 20 buildings were sealed by the CMDA and the Chennai Corporation on October 31, 2011. The matter is before the first bench for a third round of hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11608920", "title": "Centre looking into MPVs\u2019 vulnerability in anti-Naxal war", "text": "NEW DELHI: Giving credence to the CRPF chief's recent \"coffin on wheels\" remark for mine-protected vehicles (MPVs), the Centre will advise states to be careful in using MPVs considering their vulnerability as reflected by not only the Saturday's incident of Jharkhand but also by over 160 casualties in similar incidents in other parts of the country in the past two years.Finer points, including design flaw, if any, will also be discussed in detail during the forthcoming chief ministers' conference here on February 15.\"A separate session will be convened to discuss naxal problem during the conference. The matter concerning use of MPVs and related dos and don'ts will be discussed with police chiefs and technical experts of Ordnance Factory,\" said a home ministry official.He said BSF and CRPF personnel, deployed for anti-naxal operations, had been careful in using these armoured vehicles. Both the forces had asked their units in naxal-affected areas to \"prefer patrol on feet\" and use such vehicles in very rare instances, he added.Vulnerability of the armoured vehicles had come to notice as early as in 2005, when the Centre approved 120 MPVs for CRPF and state police. Barely months after procuring the vehicle - supplied by the Ordnance Factory, Medak, Andhra Pradesh - 27 security personnel had lost their lives when the Maoists used powerful landmines to blow apart their mine protected vehicle in Chhattisgarh's Dantewada district in September, 2005.That was, however, just the beginning. The Ordnance Factory had started upgrading its vehicles. But, it could not prevent many more such incidents with major ones reported again in Dantewada in April, 2010, followed by one more incident in Bijapur district a month later. In one such incident, the ultras had used 80-kg explosives- much beyond the capability of the MPV to stand such a blast.Security agencies noted that every time the landmine protection capability of armoured vehicles was upgraded, the Maoists move one step ahead using high quantity of explosives in their IEDs to make the existing MPVs redundant.In the backdrop of such incidents, CRPF director general K Vijay Kumar had in last October had said that the paramilitary force was looking for better ways to counter hidden IEDs as MPVs it was using had become \"coffin on wheels\" in naxal-hit states.Kumar, while addressing a seminar, had said: \"However, these vehicles cannot be completely written off and we are looking for better ways to take up the challenge\". He had also said the response in such cases had to be smarter and tactful. He had mentioned that the force had reduced travelling on such vehicles.Referring to increase of naxal violence in Jharkhand, officials here said that the rise of as many as eight splinter groups of Maoists in the state made the intelligence-based operations against the ultras difficult.They pointed out that besides the CPI (Maoist), there are other violent groups like People's Liberation Front of India, Jharkhand Jan Mukti Parishad and Sashastra People's Morcha which have been operating independently, making it difficult for security forces to keep track on each of them through human intelligence (HumInt) network.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11612815", "title": "Macho shot for 75 lakhs", "text": "Consider a thumri-based item number, a techno salsa number and a Bengali sufi song - all in a single film. Adding to the combo is the costliest song ever shot in Bengali films with a budget of 75 lakh and a full Hindi track - all of this, in the music album of \"Macho Mustafa\", which releases today.Says composer Samidh Mukerjee, \"The film was named after I composed the title song which happens to be the costliest song shot in Bengali films. Hiran looks a million bucks in it. The track combines elements of rock, trance and techno. The choreography and direction are very international. I'm sure this track will hit a chord with people in the suburbs as well as cosmo politan listeners. I'm thankful to my producer PP Tiwari and director Reshmi Mitra for giving it such a larger-than-life presentation.\"Samidh also makes a small confes sion. \"I would always give people the cliched answer 'All songs are my babies so I can't choose between them' when they asked me my favourite track from a movie. But now I have a song which I can say is closest to my heart. It's \"Rukega badal\" from this film - a Hindi track. I've sung it myself, although my Hindi diction isn't that good. But I guess the mistakes in the song are its USP. Initially, my director and producer were apprehensive about having a full Hindi song in a Bengali film, je onek lekha lekhi hobe eta niye... but they loved it and retained the song. I'm grateful to Remac Filmz for allowing me an ensemble cast of singers. The film has songs from various genres, like a Bengali sufi track sung by Krishna and a techno salsa number by Sunidhi.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11609707", "title": "Nine held for clash over land in Ramol", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Nine persons were arrested on Monday by Ramol police in connection with the group clash that took place on Sunday.According to Ramol police, Kiran Patel, a resident of Ghatlodia and builder by profession, filed a complaint against Mahesh Kushwaha, Kanaiyalal Rajput and 50 others for assault on Sunday. As per his complaint, his partner Sanjay Patel had bought a plot of land near Vastral ring road. In the last week, the construction workers on the site had complained that they were threatened by Mahesh Kushwaha's men to stall the construction and leave the spot.\"When Kiran Patel along with his partner Vinod Patel, a resident of Mehsana, went to the spot along with his men on Sunday, they were approached by Kushwaha and his men who started abusing them. Patel called the police control room after which the group attacked them with knives, lathis and other weapons. In the incident, Vinod Patel was stabbed in the stomach and back by unidentified assailants. Five rounds were also reported to have been fired at the spot,\" said a Ramol police official.The officials said that working on a tip-off, they arrested Ajay Pande, Keshbhan Rao, Chandrashekhar Patel, Shambhusingh Yadav, Shashikant Pande, Raju Chauhan, Brij Keshav Rai, Mohan Kulshali and Kanaiyalal Rajput from their residences in Odhav and Rakhial. tnn\"We sought the papers of the disputed land and have also started a search for other assailants in the case,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11610012", "title": "State tells MTDC to prepare report on tourist places", "text": "PUNE: The state government has asked the Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC) to compile a detailed report about all tourist destinations in all districts in the state, number of tourists visiting these places, infrastructure and facilities available there and potential for further development.The step comes in the wake of criticism from Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) last year for not having a proper system to collect tourist data. On the basis of the report, the state government will decide about allocation of funds for development of these locations.Jagdish Patil, who recently joined as managing director of MTDC, said, \"The state government has appointed 10 private firms, which would make suggestions for infrastructure development at the tourist destinations. A private firm is appointed to undertake detailed study of intra-state, interstate and foreign tourists, revenue generation at the destination and potential to increase business. The in depth analysis will help policymakers to come up with possible solutions to improve matters with help from the expert panel comprising 10 firms.\"The MTDC has also asked the expert panel to submit its plans for developing tourism in various parts of the state, after taking into consideration local geographical and climatic conditions. The suggestions should be submitted by March end this year, said Patil.There are some private firms who have shown interest in developing some sites for adventure tourism as well. The government has permitted them to visit some places in the state and come up with plans, he said. These decisions were taken after a recent conference at Mahabaleshwar in Satara district which was attended by additional collectors from across the state.The government has given powers to local advisory committees to select and recommend places for development as class B and class C tourist destinations in the respective districts. Every district will receive Rs 5 lakh apart from 4.5% of total expenses of the district for tourism development, Patil said. A government resolution to this effect was issued on January 20.The CAG report stated that out of the 13.71 crore foreign tourists who visited the country in 2010, only 19.99 lakh came to Maharashtra, which is about 7.8%. But the report also maintained that tourist inflow was increasing, and in 2009-10 it had increased by 13.8% as compared to the previous corresponding year.The step comes in the wake of criticism from the Comptroller and Auditor General last year for not having a proper system to collect tourist data.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11608619", "title": "CEPT forms alumni body", "text": "AHMEDABAD: As part of its Golden Jubilee celebrations this year, an alumni association has been set up at the Centre for Environmental Planning and Technology (Cept) University for the first time in the past 50 years.Alumni of School of Architecture, from several batches have joined hands and formed a formal alumni association this year. The first activity of the association will be an exhibition called 'Wall of Works' (WOW) on January 26. The exhibition will display works by around 250 alumni from across the batches.The exhibition will also mark the beginning of the golden jubilee celebrations of the school, which was founded on July 24, 1962.\"We have formed an alumni association now. We have around 130 members at the moment,\" said Dilip Patel, an alumnus from the batch of 1973 batch.\"Rather than simple celebrations, we wanted to take the golden jubilee celebration as an opportunity to galvanize everyone in the institute through the creation of a formal alumni association which did not exist till now,\" said city's renowned architect and planner Bimal Patel who is an alumnus of the school. Patel said that an alumni association will be beneficial for the students as well as the alumni as it will be functioning as a platform for interaction and exchange of knowledge and guidance.Following the exhibition, School of Architecture will be hosting a series of other events throughout the golden jubilee year at its campus. Travelling exhibitions, talks, seminars, faculty felicitation, film screening, garba night, music and lots of other festivities will rock the university's campus during the year. The golden jubilee celebration will end in December 2012.The School of Architecture was founded in 1962 by a group of visionaries including architects BV Doshi, R N Wakil and Bernard Kohn. Later in 1972 the School of Planning was set up. Following this, the School of Architecture came to be known as Centre for Environmental Planning and Technology (CEPT).The other schools - School of Building Science and Technology (SBST) and School of Interior Design (SID) were established in 1982 and 1991 respectively with grant-in-aid from Government of Gujarat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11610820", "title": "Tiger census from Feb 2 to 7, parks to stay open", "text": "NAGPUR: The mega tiger estimation exercise with the help of scientific transect line method will be carried out from February 2 to 7.The principal chief conservator of forests (wildlife), S K Khetarpal, issued official directions in this regard on January 19. Earlier, Khetarpal had declared that the exercise would be held in the first week of February but dates were not declared.The exercise will be taken up in four tiger reserves: Tadoba-Andhari, Pench, Melghat and Sahyadri and their buffer areas. Tiger-bearing sanctuaries like Bor, Nagzira, Navegaon and Mansingdeo will also be included. A K Saxena, APCCF (East), will be in charge of Vidarbha while Sahyadri and other areas will be looked after by A K Nigam, APCCF (West).The parks will not be kept closed for tourists during the exercise. V K Sinha, CCF and field director of TATR, said that the exercise, which will include collection of data on transect lines, can be completed between 6am and 9am. \"The entry can be delayed but parks will not remain closed,\" Sinha told TOI.Similarly, A K Mishra, CCF and field director of Melghat Tiger Reserve (MTR), said, \"There is hardly any tourist pressure here and hence there is no need to close the reserve for tourists.\"Saxena said that as of now, there are no directions to allow individual volunteers or NGOs to participate in the exercise but it has been left to the respective field director of the parks.Mishra said Melghat and its buffer is big. \"Only volunteers with wildlife credentials will be allowed to take part,\" he added. As per two transects in one beat, there will be around 550 transect lines in MTR.Mishra said two camera traps will be deployed in every 5 sq km. \"We will need around 600 cameras,\" he said. Similarly, Sinha said that TATR and its buffer will also require over 600 camera traps. \"There will be over 68 transect lines in 625 sq km TATR,\" he added. The cameras will be two-sided and placed for 45-60 days.Khetarpal has chalked out the entire programme systematically. Training of field staff has already started and will continue till January 25. Between January 27 and January 29, transect lines will be identified while on January 30 and 31, all doubts of field staff will be cleared. On February 1, stationery and other material will be distributed to the staff. The first three days will be for data collection about presence of herbivores while next three days will be for carnivores.The new tiger census methodology will help know figures of individual tiger reserves. Till now, the numbers included estimation of a protected area and its entire landscape.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11610376", "title": "Gangster Munna Bajrangi acquitted", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court on Monday acquitted gangster Munna Bajrangi of charges of threatening a south-Delhi based businessman for extorting money.In a setback to the Delhi Police, chief metropolitan magistrate Vinod Yadav let off Bajrangi, who is also facing trials in other cases including the one for killing an UP MLA in 2005, and his three alleged accomplices, saying the prosecution failed to prove its case against them.\"What to talk of any visible sign of physical act, there has been no material on record that even a threat, much less a threat for extortion, was given to the businessman by any of the accused,\" Yadav said while acquitting Bajrangi and co-accused Mahendra Ayare, Miraz Ahmed and Iftikar Ahmed.Another co-accused in the case, Rizwan Ahmed, has been declared a proclaimed offender in the case.In its judgement, the judge said the special cell had failed to prove that the phone numbers from which extortion calls were allegedly made to businessman Ashok Tebriwal belonged to or were used by Bajrangi or his men. It also asked why the police had taken into account call records of the phone of the businessman only for the day when he was allegedly called by Bajrangi. \"All this leaves a lot to be desired of on the part of the investigating agency in such type of cases except for the disclosure statement of the accused,\" the judge said.It also said Tebriwal had turned hostile and though he admitted having received a call from an unknown number in September 2009, he stated the caller neither made any ransom call nor did he threaten him.The police had arrested Bajrangi and others from Mumbai after intercepting a conversation between Khan and Ahmed, which, it said, revealed a conspiracy to extort money from Tebriwal. It claimed that callers were the associates of Bajrangi and had called up Tebriwal to demand Rs 1 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "new delhi/ramanathapuram", "code": "11609201", "title": "9 Indian fishermen released by Lanka", "text": "NEW DELHI/RAMANATHAPURAM: Nine Indian fishermen, who were detained by the Sri Lankan Navy after they entered into their waters, have been released by the Lankan government. The fishermen were detained on Saturday by Sri Lankan Naval personnel at the International Maritime Boundary Line in Palk Strait when their trawlers developed technical problems and strayed into Lankan waters. They are expected to reach Rameswaram by Tuesday morning. Announcing their release, External Affairs Minister S M Krishna said the two Indian fishing trawlers were stranded off the coast of Sri Lanka due to engine trouble and they were assisted by the Sri Lankan authorities.On Saturday morning, around 600 boats ventured into the sea from Rameswaram coast. When the fishermen cast their net near IMBL that afternoon, Sri Lankan navy surrounded them and allegedly unleashed an attack. The island navy personnel pelted stones on the fishermen to chase them away. The windshields of 200 boats were damaged in stone pelting. One of the fishermen, Jegathish, sustained cuts in his leg due to the attack.The naval personnel then surrounded two boats and took away nine fishermen identified as Chinnayan, Malaichamy, Tamilselvan and Selvam, Ramu, Rajamanickam, Packia Joseph, Mariappan, Vijyakumar. The boats were also towed away by the Srilankan Navy.The incident has shocked the fishermen community in the region since S M Krishna had only a few days ago visited Sri Lanka and discussed the issue with the authorities.External Affairs Ministry spokesman Syed Akbaruddin said in a statement that India has taken up the matter with the Sri Lankan authorities. He said officials of the Consulate General of India in Jaffna and the High Commission of India in Colombo, who have been in touch with the nine fishermen, have confirmed that the fishermen and their boats would return to India on Monday. \"The Sri Lanka Navy has escorted them to the International Maritime Boundary Line and handed them over to the Indian Coast Guard at 1600 hours,\" he said. But fisheries officials in Rameswaram said that since the weather was rough, there was a little delay in fishermen reaching the Tamil Nadu shores. \"We expect them to arrive by Tuesday morning,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "11610787", "title": "Two killed, two hurt in mishaps", "text": "AKOLA: Two persons were killed and two seriously injured in separate road accidents in Akola on Sunday. Santosh Hiwrale (35) of village Bothakazi in Khamgaon taluka of Buldhana was killed on the spot and his colleague Pandurang Mankan was seriously injured near Paras diversion on Balapur road when their motorcycle was hit with a vehicle. In a separate mishap on Balapur-Wadegaon road, near Dhanegaon Phata, Pankaj Tayde, resident of Nimba village was killed on the spot while his friend Prakash Tayde was seriously injured when a cotton-laden truck hit their mobike, the police said.Farmers ends lifeBalkrishna Wakar (35), a farmer of village Manasgaon of Shegaon taluka in Buldhana district, hanged himself on Sunday. Sources said that Wakar was frustrated with constant failure of crops and increasing burden of loans.Old man beaten to deathA 60-year old person was beaten to death in Shivni Armal on Sunday. Vyankat Gunjal (60), resident of Shivni Armal in Buldhana district, succumbed to injuries. He was badly beaten on January 19 over a trivial issue, sources said.Driver held guilty for mishapA truck driver was held guilty of causing death by rash driving in Ghirni on Sunday. Milind Jadhav, judicial magistrate first class at Malkapur in Buldhana district has held guilty and sentenced accused Babusinh Rajput of village Ghirni, the truck driver to three months jail term for causing death of Durga Umale due to rash driving. Durga along with her two girl friends were returning home from school on bicycle when the incident took place.Students stage chakka jamStudents of Institute of Pharmaceutical Education and Research, Borgaon Meghe, in Wardha district, staged an hourlong chakka jam on Vinoba Bhave bridge in protest of their fellow student's death in an accident on Monday. A second year B Pharm student Sunil Thakre had died when his bike slipped on the bridge. The agitating students alleged that the condition of the road is very bad and the authorities are not doing anything about it. The students submitted a memorandum to collector Jaishree Bhoj who promised to take appropriate action against the guilty.They also expressed their anger against Wardha MLA, Suresh Deshmukh, who according to them, didn't care much for the development and also didn't take the students plea on bad traffic system seriously. However, the MLA could not be contacted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11613085", "title": "Leaked: LG Optimus 3D 2", "text": "It seems LG is readying the successor to its popular 3D smartphone Optimus 3D codenamed CX2.According to leaked images of the device on Pocketnow, CX2 is said to be under 10mm thick and will reportedly pack a 1.2GHz dual-core Texas Instruments processor and a 5 megapixel camera capable of snapping 3D photos.The phone will come with a 4.3-inch display (800 x 480 pixels resolution ) with a NOVA display capable of displaying 3D content.Optimus 3D 2 is also likely to include 8GB of storage, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 3.0, NFC and support for 21Mbps HSPA+ networks.As for the operating system, LG Optimus 3D 2 will run on Android 2.3 (Gingerbread). The phone is expected to make its debut during the Mobile World Congress trade show in Barcelona next month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11610072", "title": "A peep into history at Indore rly station soon", "text": "INDORE: Indore railway station is getting a facelift with railway authorities dispensing money for beautification work at the station. The work, likely to be over by end of the year, will see an expenditure of Rs 30 lakh.City-based artist Mahendra Kodwani has been assigned the task to prepare murals, which will adorn platforms and other locations at the railway station.In the first phase, a mural, worth Rs 5 lakh, will be installed above the inquiry counter at platform No. 1. Around 12 feet wide and 25 feet tall mural will depict historical places like Bada Ganapati, Rajwada, Gandhi Hall, Krishnapura Chhatri, Lalbagh, Annapurna Mandir and Devi Ahilyabai Holkar.Kodwani said the mural would be installed in March second week. It will be open for public view from the subsequent week. \"The mural will showcase the development of the city over a period of time by highlighting its glorious past and present development,\" Kodwani said.In the second phase, murals will adorn ticket counter walls and pillars in the counter area. They will depict the culture of Malwa, Madhya Pradesh and the history of Indian railways. Another mural will displayed at the lobby of the station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11609847", "title": "Now, take a bus from Tagore tank to Nazrul", "text": "KOLKATA: Soon, you might be taking a bus from 'Rabindranath' to 'Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose' or asking autorickshaws if they would drop you off at 'ARishi urobindo'. These are the names being given to the tanks in Salt Lake - again a brainwave of chief minister Mamata Banerjee.Salt Lake residents have, for decades, referred to their water tank numbers as landmarks to help guests and visitors trace their addresses. But Bidhannagar Municipality apparently finds this practice ridiculous.These tanks will no longer be identified by their numbers, at least officially.Prodded by the chief minister, tanks 1 to 14 and 16 and 17 are being renamed after famous personalities. There is even one named 'Mahanayak Uttam Kumar', just as the Tollygunge Metro station. This is going to be a tough one for tourists.Salt Lake residents will have a hard time remembering the names of the tanks. The lone tank that has not been renamed is Tank No. 15 that lies within Salt Lake stadium. Municipality chairperson Krishna Chakraborty said the exercise was undertaken to pay respect to luminaries from Bengal and elsewhere. Before the last Bidhannagar Municipality and assembly elections, Mamata Banerjee had promised Salt Lake residents that their water tanks and roads would have \"proper identification\".However, the renaming has received flak from a section of the residents. \"It's ridiculous. How will it sound if I say I live near Ramkrishna Paramhansa tank? It would have been much more reasonable to rename the islands instead,\" said Swapan Saha, a local.But another group welcomed the municipality's move. \"Initially, it may take some time for people to adjust to the names. But it could be a very useful and good way of identifying addresses and will create awareness about luminaries who names have been used,\" said Bidhannagar Welfare Association general secretary Kumar Shankar Sadhu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh/bathinda", "code": "11610623", "title": "Punjab polls: SAD sings a different tune", "text": "CHANDIGARH/BATHINDA: There are many new phenomena in the Punjab elections ; religion being relegated to background with caste and community identities coming to the fore and the dalit community becoming more assertive, even though it may not necessarily translate into votes for Mayawati. But if something can qualify to be called a paradigm shift, it has is the transformation of SAD-Badal threatening to elbow Congress out from its comfort zone of centrist politics .For the first time, Akalis, as they are known here, are not talking about greater autonomy which has been among the key planks since the Anandpur Sahib resolution of 1973 or the massacre of Sikhs in 1984. The break from the panthic agenda marks the first step towards mainstreaming of Akalis.Even as they continue with their populist agenda, they are talking about inclusiveness which is backed by the fact SAD-Badal has given 14 tickets to Hindus. \"It is an interesting change in Punjab politics that the Akalis have come to occupy the space which Congress occupied suggesting a maturity of Akali leadership,\" says Pramod Kumar, director of Chandigarh's Institute for Development and Communication. He attributes it to the Facebook generation of young Akali leaders who have taken over.\"They don't have time or patience for the panthic agenda,\" he adds. While many believe that Congress has an edge, mainly because of anti-incumbency , Kumar doesn't think it's prudent to rule Akalis out.SAD-Badal formed the government in Punjab with BJP in 2007 although it fared badly in Malwa, which accounts for over 60 of 117 Assembly seats. It won only 17 then but, two years later in the LS polls, it led in 32 Malwa seats. \"What happens in the end depends on BJP's performance,\" he says.In this inclusiveness, many see a design to cut down its reliance on BJP.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11616019", "title": "US defends Jay Leno's right to free speech over Golden Temple remark", "text": "WASHINGTON, Amid controversy over popular TV host Jay Leno's remarks on the Golden Temple, the US has defended his right to free speech terming his comments as \"satirical\" while applauding contributions of Sikh-Americans.\"I think that Leno would be appreciative if we make the point that his comments are constitutionally protected in the United States under free speech, and frankly, they appeared to be satirical in nature,\" US State Department spokesperson Victoria Nuland told reporters.\"But from a US official government perspective, we have absolute respect for all the people of India, including Sikhs here, there,\" she said.President Barack Obama was the first US president ever to host a celebration in honour of Guru Nanak , who is the first Sikh guru, she noted.\"You know, our view is obviously that Sikh Americans have contributed greatly to the United States,\" Nuland said.She was responding to a question on the recent remarks on the Golden Temple by Leno, the host of the popular 'The Tonight Show' on NBC channel.In the show, telecast on January 19, Leno showing a picture of the Golden Temple, the holiest Sikh shrine, had termed it as a possible summer home of Mitt Romney , a leading Republican presidential hopeful.His comments have resulted in an outrage in the small but strong Sikh community here. They have launched an online petition against Leno and started a Facebook page to express their anger against the television host.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11609565", "title": "Government plans battery-operated pod cars near airport", "text": "KOLKATA: Driverless battery-powered pod cars along select routes close to the airport. Difficult to imagine that in Kolkata? But if the state government has its way, such pod cars could actually become a reality in Rajarhat New Town.Delegates of UK India had a discussion on the plan with urban development secretary and Hidco chairman-cum-managing director Debashis Sen on Friday. \"The concept is to introduce a personalized rapid transit system (PRTS) in Rajarhat. The cars will be battery-operated and ply on dedicated routes without a driver. A feasibility report will be prepared on this plan,\" said Sen.A delegation of Britain's Department of International Development (DFID) is scheduled to arrive in the city on Wednesday for further discussions with Hidco officials. They will seek to ensure the state government gets DFID funds for the project.The PRTS has been introduced in London's Heathrow Airport. These zero-emission vehicles are capable of carrying four to six passengers along with luggage and ply along a dedicated route. It is very similar to the bus rapid transit system that KMDA is setting up along EM Bypass.Sen said the vehicles will automatically move along a dedicated alignment, guided by a central control. Commuters will have to swipe a card that instructs the vehicle's control to ply.If the proposal gets through, the project will be implemented on a public-private-partnership (PPP) model.Hidco officials said with the work on airport modernization nearing completion, more commuters will pass through New Town daily. While the Metro alignment will move through Rajarhat's Action Area I, its Action Area III has so far been left out of any mass transport system. Such a PRTS will be a very effective mode to bridge the communication gap between Action Areas I, II, and III of Rajarhat, officials said.Hidco is also working on a road parallel to the existing main arterial road to improve connectivity. If such vehicles are introduced, commuters' dependence on autos that presently ply along Rajarhat will decline.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11606948", "title": "ISI chief secretly met Musharraf in Dubai: Report", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan's ISI chief Lt Gen Ahmed Shuja Pasha held a secret meeting with former military ruler Pervez Musharraf in Dubai and advised him not to return to the country, according to a media report on Monday.\"Gen Pasha, who has remained very close to the former President, held a meeting with (Musharraf) in Dubai and advised him not to return to the country as the situation is not conducive for his return,\" a source was quoted as saying by Dawn News channel.The channel quoted its sources as saying that Pasha \"strictly advised\" Musharraf not to return to Pakistan from self-exile.The report said it was not clear whether the meeting was held on the directions of the Pakistan People's Party-led government or if it was a private meeting.The report said Musharraf, after meeting Pasha, convened a meeting of his All Pakistan Muslim League party on January 25 for reviewing his decision to return to Pakistan.The media report coincided with a resolution passed by the Senate or upper house of Parliament that demanded the arrest of Musharraf on his return to Pakistan and the registration of a case of high treason against him for abrogating the Constitution.Several Pakistani leaders, including interior minister Rehman Malik , have said Musharraf would be arrested on his return to Pakistan.Musharraf recently postponed his plans to return to Karachi during January 27-30. The dictator has been living outside Pakistan since early 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11610706", "title": "NGO child abuse: Accused mother-son duo imprisoned", "text": "GURGAON: The mother-son duo of the NGO Drone Foundation, Maruti Kunj, has been sent to judicial custody in connection with the sexual abuse case of two minor girls, one being HIV-positive.\"The main accused,Ankur Gupta, manager of Drone Foundation, was produced in court on Sunday after which he was sent to judicial custody\", said Arvind Dahiya, SHO, Bhondsi police station.While Ankur was arrested on Thursday, his mother, Sunita, the president of the NGO, was arrested on Saturday. She was sent to judicial custody the same day. Ankur was produced in a city court on Friday and was sent to two days' police custody.Meanwhile, the district administration is yet to decide on the permanent accommodation of the six rescued male inmates who are temporarily lodged in an NGO home, Naz Foundation, in Delhi.The eight rescued girls have been permanently shifted to the same NGO.The National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) inquiry team will be submitting its report on the case by this Friday.Two NCPCR members along with the local police and child right activists had conducted a raid at Drone Foundation on Tuesday night and rescued 14 kids living in the home after receiving a complaint. Ankur was accused of sexually abusing two minor girls.Also, Childline, Gurgaon, wants an intervention of the Haryana State AIDS Control Society in the medical treatment of these children. Narveer Singh, director general health services, Haryana, said, \"A medical team visited Drone Foundation to carry out an inquiry in the matter. The report has been sent to the government.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11610941", "title": "Fire on sets of talk show in Malad", "text": "MUMBAI: An under-construction set being used for a TV talk show produced by a leading actor had a minor scare late on Monday when a fire erupted at the spot.Four fire engines were pressed into service to control the blaze at Malad's Vrindavan studio. The fire was reported around 10.30 pm.There were no casualties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "11611069", "title": "NIT student killed in road accident", "text": "SILCHAR: Karma Sonam Lepcha (21), a sixth semester student of the department of civil engineering of National Institute of Technology (NIT), Silchar, was killed in a road accident near here on Sunday night. Subhajit Das (20), another student of the institute, was critically injured in the mishap.Sources said the accident took place when the duo was returning on their motor bike. Their two-wheeler hit a roadside tree at Pangram near Udharband on airport road, resulting in the tragedy.A police officer said a group of NIT students went for picnic at Madhura river bed in Udharband on Sunday. While some students travelled by car, some rode bikes. On their return to NIT, Silchar, by a motor bike, Karma, a resident of Sikkim and Subhajit, who hails from the Tarapur locality of Silchar, met with the accident.Sources said police rushed to the spot soon after hearing about the accident. While an autopsy was carried out at the Silchar Medical Collage Hospital, Subhajit was admitted to the ICU of the same medical institute. His condition is critical. Karma's body was flown to Sikkim on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11609803", "title": "Punjab polls: 47% of total contestants at least a graduate", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab politicians fair quite well when it comes to literacy scorecard, with 47% of total contestants in these assembly elections being at least a graduate, if not more.According to data released by Association for Democratic Reforms (ADR) and Punjab Election Watch (PEW), 190 candidates, out of the 408 analyzed, are graduates or with higher educational qualification. Calling this percentage of graduates \"respectable\", PEW coordinator Jaskirat Singh said that Punjab politicians, when compared to many others from other states, were better educated.There are 56 candidates who have done their post graduation and 47 politicians are graduate professionals. Congress has fielded the highest number of graduates (35) and graduate professionals (18) and also has the highest number of class 10 pass (26). PPP has fielded the highest number of postgraduates (18), followed by SAD (17).There are seven candidates, who are illiterate, and 61 contestants, who are either class VIII pass or less. As many as 29 candidates are primary pass or below, 92 have cleared matriculation and 57 are class XII pass.Some of the politicians, who are completely illiterate and contesting elections, include Malkiat Singh Keetu and Gurdev Singh of SAD, Baldev Singh and Prem Masih of BSP, Subhash Chander of CPI and Vijay Pal of PPP.Well-known singer Mohammed Sadique, who is the Congress candidate from Bhadaur, has completed his primary education. Other candidates who have studied up to class V or below include Gulzar Singh Ranike, Balvir Singh, Chetan Singh Samaon and Surender Singh Bhulewal of SAD, Bibi Ranjit Kaur and Daljit Singh of PPP and Karnail Chand, Swaran Kaur and Bhajan Singh of BSP.Various parties have fielded only 29 women candidates in the elections and only nine politicians are less than 30 years old.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11611158", "title": "Greens bat for holistic approach for settlement of water conflicts", "text": "GUWAHATI: Environmentalists have urged the authorities concerned to undertake collective and holistic efforts to settle inter-state water conflicts.Describing lack of understanding as a reason behind water conflicts, expert KJ Joy urged the government to go with the opinion of experts warning of a disaster.\"Water conflicts are affecting people of many states. In recent years, the issue has given rise to tussle between two countries. The experts are divided over the Mullaperriyar dam today. The entire dam is a colonial agreement. While IIT, Delhi, experts say the dam is unsafe, some others are supporting it. People are opposing the dam since it will cater to the needs of Tamil Nadu. But the downstream impact areas are in Kerala,\" said Joy.\"There's lack of necessary understanding, approach and skills which is a central gap. Different stakeholders, researchers, practitioners, policy makers and activists need to understand the conflicts and move towards a scientific resolution ,\" he added.He was speaking at a workshop on understanding and resolving water conflicts in the northeast organized by Forum for Policy Dialogue on Water Conflicts in India here on Monday. The form would make 20 case studies on water conflicts in the northeast and their documentation would be done.\"If there is willingness, the need for electricity can be reduced through energy-efficient devices, controlling theft and capacity building,\" said Joy. He added that it will be a blunder to go ahead with the construction of the dam without proper assessment.\"You just can't go ahead towards destruction. The construction work should be brought to a halt until a proper study is carried out,\" he said. Environment scientist Dulal Goswami said more than economic vulnerability, locational diversity of the northeast as critical as far as the mega dams are concerned. \"People opposing mega dams should be convinced that they are on the safe side. They can't be dominated by any government through power,\" added Goswami.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11610857", "title": "Long weekend sends Republic on holiday", "text": "NAGPUR: Something about January 26 puts the nation in a festive mood. The parade and the lovely tableaux in the national capital set the mood and even those in smaller cities get into a celebratory mode. And if the day falls towards a weekend, it is cherry on the cake. That's the case this year as the Republic Day comes on a Thursday, thus putting in motion plans for an extended weekend.Weekend getaways are always popular with Nagpurians who love to visit the wildlife parks and forest areas in the vicinity of the city. GB Kedar, regional officer, Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation, confirms that almost all resorts around the city were fully booked this weekend as the national holiday combined with a leave on Friday makes it a four-day holiday. \"The most popular destinations are Tadoba and Pench and its entry point Sillari, which are packed. There were lots of enquiry for Chikhaldhara too but as the temperatures have dipped again, the rush is less.\"The low temperatures have not deterred the true nature lovers. City businessman Ritu Raj Abhyankar says, \"I am headed to Melghat and Chikhaldhara with my family.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11610077", "title": "Spurned lover 'kills' self", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 29-year-old man who was reportedly depressed after being rejected by a girl, allegedly committed suicide by hanging himself from the ceiling. The incident was reported from Hari Nagar in west Delhi on Sunday night, police said. The deceased, identified as Anurag Bharadwaj, worked as an executive in a private firm. Cops have recovered a suicide note from the spot in which the deceased said he was depressed as the girl he was in love with for the past two years had not accepted his proposal.Police has sent his body for postmortem and informed his family members who live in Rajasthan. Cops said they were investigating the matter further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11610156", "title": "Cough up penalty by Jan 30 or face action: IT dept", "text": "NOIDA: The income tax department has issued notices to 35 residents for not being able to furnish the sources of income that was used to buy properties. The department has set January 30 as the deadline for defaulters to file penalties, failing which their properties would be seized.During a routine checking of the account books of the sub-registrar in November, the department had rounded up more than 45 suspicious transactions in booking properties at various locations. Following this, the department had sent notices to all the individuals to state their sources of income.The checking was carried out by the investigation wing of the IT department. About a dozen individuals were able to provide the details within the stipulated time period. The department has written to these 35 defaulters to cough up 30 per cent of the total amount used to buy properties in the form of taxes and twice the taxable amount as penalty.\"The number of defaulters could rise as further investigations are on,\" said a senior official of the IT department. \"The names of the defaulters cannot be disclosed at this point of time. However, if they fail to furnish the required information, their property would be seized and sent to the assessing authorities and further action would be taken,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11610268", "title": "HC reduces life term of 6 HuJI men to 8 yrs", "text": "NEW DELHI: The life sentences awarded to six Harkat-ul Jihad-al-Islami (HuJI) terrorists, including three Pakistanis, by a trial court for plotting to kidnap cricketers Sachin Tendulkar and Saurav Ganguly in 2002, were reduced to eight years each by the Delhi high court on MondayWhile upholding the trial court's 2010 judgment, a bench of justices S Ravindra Bhat and S P Garg, however, modified the order on their sentence and reduced the life term awarded to them to eight years on the ground of parity. HC reduced the sentence, acceding to the pleas of the HuJI militants that three other key accused, who had earlier confessed to their crime, were awarded 8 years' jail term in 2007 under the Prevention of Terrorist Activities (POTA) Act.The court's verdict came on appeals by three Pakistani convicts Tariq Mehmood, Arshad Khan and Ishaq Ahmed and their three Indian accomplices, Ghulam Mohammed Dar, Ghulam Qadir Bhat and Mufti Mohammed Israr, who had been convicted under the provisions of the POTA, the IPC and the Arms Act.Besides plotting to kidnap the cricketers, the HuJI terrorists had planned to assassinate former President A P J Abdul Kalam when he was a scientist and bomb Bhabha Atomic Research Centre to secure the release of two Pakistani terrorists lodged in Indian jails.On Monday, during the pronouncement of the verdict, Ghulam Qadir Bhat, one of the convicts, sought acquittal in the case on the grounds that he pleaded not guilty. HC then asked him to file an affidavit stating whether he accepts the reduced sentence or he wants to argue for an outright acquittal in the case.Except Dar, five others have already spent over nine years in jail and as a consequence, they will be released unless required in other cases, the court said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11614560", "title": "Fashion retail", "text": "The changing mindset of the Indian consumer has brought about an expansion in the retail sector locally, nationally and internationally. This is likely to generate large-scale job opportunities in the near future.With this in mind, a certificate course in fashion retail management has been designed by IIM-Ahmedabad. The areas covered in the course include overview of retail, store operations, visual merchandising, retail selling skills, inventory control, business analysis, loyalty programme, fashion product knowledge and IT, among others.Pearl Academy of Fashion (PAF), has partnered with IIM (Ahmedabad) and Shoppers Stop to start this course. Tarun Panwar, head of department, retail, PAF, says, We would like to keep pace with the change and train people with the right skills who can direct and accelerate this growth and take retailing to the next level of evolution.After nine months of classroom training, students would undergo a paid nine-month on-the-job training (OJT) programme at any of the Shoppers Stop outlets across the country.The duration of the course is 18 months and there are 25 seats for the course. As to how the course will help students, Panwar elaborates that the skill-set that students acquire during this course coupled with onthe-job training will make them ready for any sales and marketing profile, even outside the retail sector.This will help students explore sectors such as hospitality management, infrastructure management and marketing and sales, to name a few, he explains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11610236", "title": "SEC publishes final voters' list after corrections", "text": "NAGPUR: The state election commissioner (SEC), in association with Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC), has published the final voters' list for the civic elections slated from February 16. Considering objections received on draft of voters list, around 1 lakh voters' names have been changed from one ward to other.NMC had received 946 objections between January 12 and 17 from all 12 zones. \"NMC has considered 800 objections out of the total 946 received. Total 25 objections were related to missing names from the voters list. We helped them find out their names in the list. Therefore, the 25 objections were not considered. Besides, 124 complaints were related to mistakes in spelling of names and ages, of which 3 have been considered. Around 5% voters' names were listed in other wards. Thus around 1 lakh voters' names have been changed to correct wards,\" said an NMC official, adding that the changes in large numbers were due to the new ward system.The two-member ward system has been introduced for the first time. NMC had to prepare the ward-wise voters list with the help of assembly constituency-wise voters list provided by the district administration.Now, there would be no changes in the voters list for polling slated on February 16. The candidates will have to find the voters' serial number from final voters list and mention it in the nomination forms. The list will also be provided at polling booths. The voters' serial number and ward is very important for casting the vote on polling day. The candidates will also help the voters to know about the ward and voters serial number.However, the ward-wise final voters number could not be known as the SEC was yet to upload the final list on the website.For the first time, the SEC has developed a special website for NMC election and has decided to upload the list on the website.Earlier, the final voters list was used to be made available at NMC offices or at polling booths on polling day. Now, the voters may see the list from the household itself. This would help the voters to known their exact ward and find the respective booth for voting. Few of the voters use to get confuse with the booths in earlier days. Now, the problem may be solved to a great extent.The NMC has finalized the location of 2,485 booths. One booth will cover maximum 800 voters. The list of voter-wise polling booths will be declared officially on February 4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11611237", "title": "Patrolling on Brahmaputra to thwart refinery attack attempts", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Chandmari division of city police, along with the IOC, has intensified patrolling on the Brahmaputra that flows adjacent to the refinery to thwart any militant strike. Though the IOC has hired country boats for the purpose, police are still struggling in the absence of adequate facilities.Noonmati Police station has deployed at least 25 personnel to keep a watch on the river route and sand islands between Noonmati and Ramsing Chapori. The Ramsing Chapori, which is the habitat of some 200 cultivators in the dry season, has been termed as a vulnerable site by intelligence agencies.\"Apart from river police patrolling, we have arranged special surveillance ahead of Republic Day celebrations to thwart any kind of subversive activities by ultras. At present, we have one boat to do the job. The refinery is a vulnerable area and outfits may target it,\" said Ujjal Barua, DSP, Chandmari division.On January 10, just after an explosion in one of the refinery's slop tank, Ulfa hardliners claimed responsibility of the blast. However, an inquiry is on to verify the truth. Police have started area domination in Kailashbazar and Bhabanipur located near the refinery.The Noonmati Central Citizen Committee (NCCC) has also extended support to police in maintaining vigil. The citizens' body, with the help of local youths, has intensified village defense party (VDP) duties to back up the police. \"The IOC gives us vehicles to conduct patrolling at night. Whenever we see any abnormal activity, we immediately inform the police,\" said Akon Sarma, the executive member of NCCC.However, due to lack of boats and adequate facilities, security personnel are facing difficulties in performing the job smoothly. \"It's difficult to patrol the river at night. Though we were supposed to get more boats, we have only one at the moment. To go to the chapori at night, we have only two torches. We don't have any life jackets to protect during an emergency. We need better facilities,\" said an official in charge of river patrolling. Over 200 people, mostly vegetable vendors, travel through the Chunsali-Kuruwa-Guwahati ghat located near the refinery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "11607788", "title": "Navy jet\u2019s tyre bursts, runway shut for an hour", "text": "VASCO: Air traffic at Goa's Dabolim airport was disrupted for nearly an hour on Monday evening after a tyre of an Indian Navy Sea Harrier jet burst.The tyre of the Sea Harrier burst on landing throwing air traffic out of gear for nearly an hour, an official said.The Dabolim runway was closed from 4.30pm to 5.30 pm.\"As the evening slot is very crucial for domestic as well international fights many of them had to be delayed,\" sources said. Each of the flights were delayed for around 25 to 40 minutes. Only one domestic flight was diverted to Mumbai airport. A Jetlite flight which arrived from Bangalore was stuck on the runway for 15 minutes.The runway was later cleared by the Navy and Airport Authority of India ( AAI) staff and operations were restored to normal.The Harrier was towed away, the official said.Each of the flights were delayed for around 25 to 40 minutes. Only one domestic flight was diverted to Mumbai airport", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11614800", "title": "Open Air Schooling", "text": "Take an early morning stroll at Carter Road, Bandra, Mumbaiand you will see a group of five volunteers teach over 40 underprivileged children every day. A routine that began in the year 1997, this school for street children, slum kids and children of construction workers was the brainchild of GL Singh and Jyoti Kalle, a duo who set out to impart education in its truest sense. They teach, not only basic English, math and general knowledge but also make the kids aware of hygiene, good behaviour and persistence.Kalle, Co-founder of Navjyot foundation shares how the promenade displays a new look every morning with children of different age groups. The idea of this open air school was born during a routine stroll when I noticed a gentleman teaching a handful of underprivileged children. With a group of volunteers, I began teaching the kids of construction workers. As the awareness spread, we invited children of slum dwellers to join us, she says.Like every first step on an untread path is a difficult choice to make, Kalle and her team found it hard to convince parents to send their child to school. To them, the concept of schooling wasnt attractive enough. We started distributing breakfast after school which motivated parents to send their children. After an hour long session, students are given a healthy home-cooked breakfast.. Also, once in a while, passers-by too volunteer to provide breakfast, explains Anubha Sharma, a senior financial service professional and a volunteer.This open air street school sees over 40 students on weekdays and over 90 students on weekends. These kids deserve the right to education. More than anything else, they need our time and assistance in breaking the cycle of poverty. Education, coupled with right counselling has helped a number of our students become independent, says Meera Mamnani, a retired RBI employee and a volunteer. Mamnani, along with other volunteers, has been teaching these children for over eight years now.Most of the children who come to us have never heard of as a term. To them, the concept is new and fascinating. Once we are confident of their skill level, we admit these kids to various schools across Mumbai, says Mamnani. Apart from helping them gain admission is schools, the foundation also helps them gain identity. Most of our students do not have birth certificates. Hence, admitting them to schools is very difficult. Our volunteers help them make affidavits, which form a part of their identity, and help them study further, states Kalle.Today, the street school has gained momentum and has received large donations in the form of stationery, activity books, notebooks, clothes, food and toys. Fifteen years down the line, the open-air school has seen most of its students succeed in their own way. s a pleasure to see our students settle at a decent level. A number of them are now graduates working with various firms around the country, concludes Kalle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11610096", "title": "City can expect a \u2018stretch\u2019ed repair, delay till June likely", "text": "KOCHI: An all weather road that has a fixed life span has been Kochi's dream. But the slow pace at which the tender procedures for repairing city roads under the performance guarantee scheme is progressing shows that road work may not be completed before the onset of monsoon.The state government is yet to give administrative sanction for the pre-qualification tenders for relaying of roads which were undertaken by the public works department (PWD) from the corporation two months ago. The state government had allocated Rs 28 crore to repair 13 roads taken over form the Kochi Corporation in October 2011.The government wanted Kerala State Construction Corporation to repair the roads. Later, it was handed over to PWD and it took more than two months for the state government to finalize this move. The high court blamed both the state government and the corporation for the pathetic states of roads in the state, especially in Kochi.Then, the court asked the government to complete all repair work by the end of September 2011. By mid-September, the state government sought a three-month extension. PWD then started tender procedures in December and now the PWD Superintending Engineer has sent the pre-qualification tenders to the state government for administrative sanction.\"We are hopeful of securing all permissions in the first week of February. Then we will be able to open the financial bids and can start the work soon,'' said Ernakulam PWD executive engineer T I Jose. But if the rates quoted is not above the government rate, fresh bids will have to be invited. And it will cause further delay . According to PWD sources, it will take at least three months to complete the work after awarding the tenders. If work doesn't start by March, then PWD will not be able to complete the resurfacing work before monsoon begins in June.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11609188", "title": "Diggy tries to allay fears of AIMPLB", "text": "LUCKNOW: Senior Congress leader Digvijay Singh on Monday sought to dispel apprehensions of members of the All India Muslim Personal Law Board on issues related to inclusion of their educational institutions under the Right to Education.\"The government in principle has agreed to keep minority institutions out of the purview of RTE, while discussions were on regarding other issue related to the Direct Taxes Code Bill, though no decision has been taken,\" he told reporters here.The former Madhya Pradesh CM made these comments when his attention was drawn to some members of the AIMPLB expressing their views in media, which could go against the party in Uttar Pradesh assembly poll. \"Congress is ready for a dialogue, if the issue is connected with the religious belief or concerned with the place of religious importance,\" he said referring to the Waqf Property Bill.He lashed out at the BJP over its agitation against what they termed reservation on religious grounds saying that the sub-quota of 4.5% within the OBC quota was not new, but part of the Mandal Commission recommendation, which is already in force. \"When UPA government found that only around 1% Muslims got its benefit in past 22 years, it decided on a sub-quota to do away with this injustice,\" Singh said, adding that the same had also been promised in party's election manifesto of 2009.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11614087", "title": "Amaan Ali Khan wanted to be a pilot", "text": "Amaan Ali Khan, the elder son of Amjad Ali Khan says that he would definitely have been a pilot, if not a sarod player.It was an unwritten norm in the family that ultimately turned him into the musician he is today, he says. \"As I come from a musical family, the expectations to be a musician were high. Everybody around me wanted me to be a musician. Of course, I was inclined towards other things before I took a liking to music. I would have been a pilot if not a sarod player,\" says Amaan.His younger brother Ayaan Ali pitches in to give more information. \"In fact, bhai (Amaan) knows a lot about planes - where a particular plane is headed to, at what speed, why that speed, all technicalities,\" he says, adding, \"Whenever we are at airports, he starts talking about planes. Amaan agrees, saying, \"Yes, I do know a lot about planes as I really wanted to be a pilot but turned out to be a musician, which I am enjoying nonetheless.\"Ayaan, however, was always inclined towards music. But if it was not music, then he would have been a writer. \"I love writing and I see it as a creative field. Anything creative excites me. So, may be I would have been a writer,\" he says.And Amaan informs that the two books that they have so far authored were actually written by Ayaan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "11610984", "title": "Let him throw more shoes: Rahul", "text": "DEHRADUN: Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi on Monday joined the burgeoning list of political figures that have had a shoe hurled at them. The Amethi MP, who kicked off his campaign in Uttarakhand at Vikas Nagar near Dehradun, was unfazed as a 35-year-old man identified as Kuldeep Singh hurled a shoe at the dais. It landed 10 metres short of the target.When the shoe was hurled at Congress general secretary, most partymen on the dais got rattled.However, Rahul looked calm and said, \"Leave the man and let him throw more shoes at me.\" He then urged the cops, who immediately bundled the shoe-thrower into a police van, not to arrest him without asking him why he did so. In fact, just as the security personnel grabbed Kuldeep, Rahul was heard saying, \"Don't hit him.\"DIG (Garhwal) Sanjay Gunjyal told TOI that Kuldeep was arrested, adding that he introduced himself as a supporter of Baba Ramdev who works as a salesman at one of his ayurvedic outlets.Gunjyal said Kuldeep confessed he had hurled the shoe in protest against UPA's opening court cases against Ramdev after his campaign against black money.J&K; CM Omar Abdullah said he approved of Rahul's reaction. \"I like Rahul's reaction to the shoe throwing: 'Phenko, phenko, ek aur phenko' (throw, throw one more),\" tweeted Omar.Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11608707", "title": "India takes up fight against mental disorders at WHO summit", "text": "NEW DELHI: India has pushed the world into joining hands to fight against mental disorders like depression, anxiety, schizophrenia and bipolar disorders.With depression expected to be the leading cause of disease burden globally by 2030, the World Health Organization (WHO) has announced a resolution on \"Global Burden of Mental Disorders and the need for a comprehensive, coordinated response at the country level\" at the end of its annual board meeting on Monday. The resolution was moved on January 20 by India in Geneva by Union health secretary P K Pradhan.WHO urged member states to develop comprehensive policies and strategies that address the promotion of mental health, prevention of mental disorders and early identification, care, support, treatment and recovery. It also asked governments the need to promote human rights, tackle stigma, address poverty and homelessness, tackle major modifiable risks, create opportunities for generating income, provide housing and education and healthcare service.According to WHO, mental disorders account for 13% of the global burden of diseases. Unipolar depressive disorder is the third leading cause of disease burden, accounting for 4.3% of the global burden of disease.Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad says an estimated one million Indians are in need of mental health services. He adds that one in four families is likely to have at least one member with a behavioural or mental disorder.WHO said mental disorders account for 25.3% and 33.5% of all years lived with a disability in low and middle-income countries, respectively. Surveys among people affected by conflicts have found prevalence rates of 17% and 15% for depression and post-traumatic stress disorder, respectively.The gap between the need for treatment for mental disorders is wide all over the world. For example, between 76% and 85% of people with severe mental disorders receive no treatment for their mental health problem in low and middle-income countries; the corresponding range for high-income countries is also high: between 35% and 50%.People with mental disorders have high mortality rates. For example, people with schizophrenia and major depression have an overall increased risk of mortality 1.6 and 1.4 times, respectively, greater than that of the general population because of physical health problems (such as cancer, diabetes, and HIV infection as well as the serious consequences such as suicide) associated with mental disorders.Rates of mental illness among the homeless can be greater than 50%, and studies reveal that more than one-third of the prison population has mental health conditions.WHO said, \"Of all disabilities, severe mental illness is associated with the highest rates of unemployment: up to 90%. People with mental health conditions often have their human rights violated. They are often denied civil and political rights such as the right to marry. A recent analysis estimated that the cumulative global impact of mental disorders in terms of lost economic output will amount to $ 16, 000 billion over the next 20 years.\"A note prepared by the ministry says, \"7% of population suffers from mental disorders. Over 90% remain un-treated. There is less than one psychiatrist is available for every four lakh population. The psychiatrist/ population ratio is one for every million.\"India only has 23% of required psychiatrists, 25% of psychiatric nurses and only 3% of clinical psychologists and psychiatric social workers. In absolute numbers, they add up to 3,500 psychiatrists, 500 clinical psychologists, 300 psychiatric social workers and about a 1,000 psychiatric nurses.Though 30,000 beds are required for the mentally ill, only 200 beds are available.\"Even by very conservative yardstick, there is a shortage of about 8,000 psychiatrists, 17,000 clinical psychologists, 23,000 psychiatric social workers and 9,000 psychiatric nurses,\" Azad said.Globally, nurses make up the largest professional group working in the mental health sector, but a recent analysis for 58 low and middle-income countries has identified a shortfall of 128, 000 nurses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11611303", "title": "Seminar gives platform for new ideas", "text": "LUDHIANA: The department of bioinformatics and post graduate department of biotechnology of Guru Nanak Girls College (GNGC), Model Town, organized a seminar on the topic 'In silico approach for drug target' on Monday.Inaugurating the seminar, college principal Charanjit Mahal highlighted that such activities provide a platform for new ideas to emerge.Resource person Deepak Singla provided an in-depth knowledge about discovering drug targets, their validation and finally designing drugs against these targets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11613229", "title": "High court directs Muslim man to return boy to his mother", "text": "MADURAI: Rejecting the claim of a Muslim man that he had adopted a Hindu boy as his son, the Madras high court today directed him to handover the boy to his mother.\"There is no concept of adoption known to Muslim Law,\" a division bench comprising Justices N Paul Vasantha Kumar and P Devadass said.The court was hearing a habeas corpus petition filed by S Mala, mother of Giridharan.\"It is a well settled proposition of law that creating a relationship of parentage by adoption was unknown to Mohammedan law as it was forbidden by the Quran. Besides the Hindu Adoptions and Maintenance Act 1956 permitted adoption by a Hindu alone,\" the judges said.Mala, in her petition, submitted that she had left her son under the care of Shaik Dawood in a children's home run by him and was paying for maintaining him in the home at Sangiliayandavarpuram in Tiruchi district.Later when she had gone to the home to pick her son, she found Dawood had shifted her son to some other place and refused to give her son back. He also \"threatened\" her of dire consequence if she insisted on getting her son back, the petitioner said.Mala said though she had filed a complaint to police no action was taken by them.Dawood said Mala had given Giridharan to him for adoption. However, she denied that she had signed any such deed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "mandya", "code": "11611180", "title": "6-year-old falls out of moving school van, dies", "text": "MANDYA: A six-year-old school kid died on the spot after he fell down from a moving school van in K Hosur village of Pandavapura taluk on Monday morning. Manoj, a resident of Bevinakuppe village, fell out from a moving a school van, since the door of the van was not locked properly, said police.\"We learnt from eyewitnesses that the van was overcrowded with students and because of this, Manoj could have been pushed out from the bus when the door suddenly opened,\" police said.Manoj, a Class 1 student in Aditya Convent, died due to severe head injuries. Parents who rushed to the school took the school administration to task for negligence on its part in ensuring students' safety. A case has been registered in Pandavapura station.Youth killed in mishapA 25-year-old youth riding a bike was killed and the pillion rider injured, after their vehicle rammed into a road divider on NH-48 near Devihalli village of Nagamangala taluk on Monday. The deceased is Akhilesh (25), a resident of Hasan city. Police said the accident occurred when victims were returning from Bangalore. Akhilesh's friend sustained serious injuries. He was shifted to Bangalore Nimhans hospital. A case has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "11610726", "title": "Tiger poached in Jharan forest", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: A suspected case of tiger poaching was discovered in compartment No. 121 of Jharan range under FDCM north Chandrapur.Foresters on Monday evening found a partially decomposed carcass of a full grown tiger with several of its body parts including nails and teeth missing. The carcass is around 48 hours old. Forest officers suspect electrocution as cause of death.Confirmed the death regional manager of FDCM north Chandrapur, Sanjay Thakre said, \"An electric line passes over the place were the carcass was found, but the exact reason of the death can only be confirmed after the post-mortem,\" he said.The carcass will be brought to Chandrapur and post-mortem will be carried out at Rambagh Nursery on Tuesday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11609882", "title": "Report lists policy cure for state's energy woes", "text": "PATNA: Two technocrats - Arjun Gurtoo of the Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore and D Lahiri of IIT- Kharagpur - have co-authored a comprehensive report on \"Empowering Bihar: Policy pathway for energy access\". Bihar's deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi will formally release the report at a function here on Tuesday.The report published by Greenpeace India lists the changes needed to be made in both institutional and government policies to enable the state to meet the energy requirement for its rural areas.A team of experts, including co-authors Gurtoo and Lahiri, will share their Bihar experience during the technical session at Tuesday's function. The member-secretary of Asian Development Research Institute, Shaibal Gupta, would broach the issue in his address.Bihar, which is on a path of tremendous growth, is suffering from extreme energy deficit. The energy deprivation will directly or indirectly impact its pace of growth in the coming years. However, with the lowest per capita consumption of 122.11 kWh, Bihar's greatest challenge lies in providing assured energy access to more than 80% of its population residing in rural areas. The report believes that a decentralized and sustainable approach is needed to tackle the rural electrification conundrum.About 89% of the state's population (12.6 million households) resides in rural areas and almost 95% of these households are dependent on kerosene as a source for lighting. Providing electricity to this population is the first step towards significant economic growth.The present government in Bihar has taken several positive steps to bridge the gap between demand and supply of electricity in rural areas. However, it still faces several economic, technological and financial constraints in reaching its goal, the report says. These include poor infrastructure in rural areas, low credit rating, limited finances, increasing gap in demand and supply of electricity and poor performance of the state electricity agencies due to their internal constraints.Nevertheless, Bihar has several natural and strategic advantages in terms of its location, climate and geographical conditions. The state has high solar energy potential, which could be the main source of energy for the state in the coming years. Bihar is primarily an agriculturally dominant state; therefore, it has high potential of producing agricultural residue which could be good raw material for energy production, the report says.Also, the state has great potential for small-scale hydro power and small-scale wind power units in the northern parts of the state.These natural strengths of the state create a conducive environment for the establishment of decentralized energy systems based on renewable sources of energy all across the state to provide electricity to its rural populace, experts say in the report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11609103", "title": "At cost of big deals, CM \u2018skips\u2019 Davos", "text": "MUMBAI: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has been forced to call off his crucial visit to the World Economic Forum at Davos to avoid a violation of the election code of conduct in place for the municipal and zila parishad polls next month.Chavan, official sources claim, is also keen on ensuring that preparations for the elections stay on course even if it means forgoing the need to woo investors at the five-day business extravaganza that starts on January 24.The decision, senior officials say, is a setback for Maharashtra, which is facing stiff competition from its neighbours. As it is, they add, the state is finding it hard to attract international and national investors. Over the past year, it has lost out on major investments to Gujarat from auto giants Maruti and Peugeot, and has lost ground to states such as Orissa and Uttarakhand.\"While the election is a priority, the state would have benefited if a delegation were to represent us in front of the big daddies of the business world,\" said a senior Mantralaya official.Chavan had last month expressed a strong desire to visit London and Davos with a high-level delegation to urge delegates of various countries and companies to invest in Maharashtra. For this purpose, a detailed plan was being prepared by the industries department.This is not the first time a CM has called off a visit to Davos in the run-up to elections. In 2007 too-when Maharashtra was being invited to Davos after a gap of 11 years-the then CM had chosen to focus energies on polls over attracting business.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11609472", "title": "NGO invites Rushdie to talk alongside Husain exhibit", "text": "JAIPUR: Cultural NGO Sahmat has issued an open invitation to Salman Rushdie to come to Delhi to deliver a lecture or participate in a discussion on literature at a time of his choosing.The statement issued by the Delhi-based NGO on Monday said, \"We will host him under any circumstances along with an exhibition of the works of the late MF Husain, driven into forced exile by the similar retreat by the state in its cowardly unwillingness to stand up against communal politics.\"Talking about Sahmat's invitation to Rushdie, artist and member of the NGO Ram Rahman said, \"There is no problem in anybody protesting against anybody else but issuing threats is a criminal act and that is what the state should have taken care of. This is denying artistes their creative freedom and freedom of expression.\"The statement elaborated, \"We have watched with dismay the unnecessary controversy which erupted over the presence of Salman Rushdie at the Jaipur Literature Festival. We strongly disapprove of the threats-real or concocted-issued against the participation of Rushdie.The state has once again succumbed to retrogressive forces using works of creative expression for their own narrow, partisan and divisive political agendas. Sahmat has stood by Rushdie in the past, when we defied an unofficial ban on The Moor's Last Sigh by readings on the street in Delhi in 1995.\"Sahmat was perhaps the only organization that had consistently protested against the forced self-exile of the late master of modern art M F Husain-he left India in 2006 and passed away in exile in London on June 9 last year. Sahmat's exhibitions for Husain, while he was still alive, were met with protests, sometimes violent, but the one it held in his memory after his death didn't inspire any opposition. \"Therefore, I'm not anticipating any trouble as and when we host Rushdie along with the works of Husain,\" said Rahman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11610980", "title": "Former MLA\u2019s SUV stolen from Bhandup building\u2019s parking lot", "text": "MUMBAI: Car thieves struck at the Neptune Living Point residential complex in Bhandup (W) on Sunday and drove away with an SUV of former MLA and Congress leader Shyam Sawant, an aide of industries minister Narayan Rane.The Bhandup police said the Pajero was stolen around 4am from the parking lot. The theft came to light when Sawant came to take his vehicle in the morning.Sawant said he lost a laptop, cellphone, Rs 50,000 in cash and documents needed to contest the civic elections, which were in the car.\"The watchman on duty at the time of the incident said he thought that Sawant's driver was inside the car. Since the windows were up, he did not dare to enquire or stop the vehicle, thus allowing the thief to drive the vehicle out of the premises without any suspicion ,\" said senior inspector Shrirang Nadgauda.He said Sawant complained he never left with his SUV in the wee hours. \"The SUV is not equipped with a GPS system. A team is keeping a track of the vehicle movement and will soon nab the accused,\" Nadgauda said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "darjeeling", "code": "11609431", "title": "Subba hints at fresh stir for Gorkhaland", "text": "DARJEELING: Former Gorkhaland Liberation Organization (GLO) chief Chhatrey Subba on Monday gave indications that he was not averse to restarting an agitation for a separate state.In Darjeeling town to meet his friends, 71-year-old Subba, who was released from jail on September 9, 2011, after over a decade.In town to meet his friends, Subba said that the Hills people were putting him tremendous pressure on him to start an agitation for a Gorkhaland state. \"People are coming to me with plans and proposals to restart agitation for Gorkhaland. I will take a final decision after identifying the best proposal,\" he said., who has been acquitted of all charges.The former GLO chief was arrested in 2001 from an area near the Indo-Nepal border in connection with a murder attempt on Subash Ghisingh, the Gorkha National Liberation Front (GNLF) leader, on February 10, 2011.After his release from the Jalpaiguri correctional home last year, Subba had remained silent on his plans to start an agitation for a separate state. On Monday, however, Subba did not rule out the possibility of an agitation which could have greater ramification in the Hills politics.\"I have appealed to GJM leader Bimal Gurung to extend support. If he provides it then it will be good,\" said Subba, who had met had a chance meeting with the GJM leader at a fair in Kalimpong earlier this month.In an interaction with the media held recently, the GJM president had acknowledged meeting Subba, but was indifferent to the idea of extending support to him. The GJM president had However, the GJM president recently in an interaction with media people in Darjeeling had acknowledged meeting Subba, but was indifferent to the idea of extending support to the latter.Subba, a staunch supporter of a separate state, had fallen out with Ghisingh and formed the GLO, a militant wing, to continue the Gorkhaland struggle in the 80s. In fact, after his release, Subba had stated that he was not happy with the GJM settling for the Gorkhaland Territorial Administration (GTA). for which an agreement has already been signed in July last year and a Bill passed in the Assembly.In 1988, Ghisingh had signed the accord to establish the Darjeeling Gorkha Hill Council (DGHC) after a 28- month agitation for a Gorkhaland state. People felt cheated when Ghisingh signed the accord and went all out to include the Hills under the Sixth Schedule of the Indian constitution, that was thought to be regressive and divisive in nature.On Monday, Subba went to the Darjeeling correctional home to meet old friends. \"It has been quite a while since I have Darjeeling. I met old friends in the Darjeeling jail and now I am leaving for Kurseong,\" he said. without giving out his friend's names.The former GLO leader who was arrested with 13 others was in the Darjeeling jail till 2003. He had made a request in 2002 to shift his case to Jalpaiguri jail for a free and fair trial which was accepted by the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11610248", "title": "MADC board approves 1.5cr/hectare for Bhamti land", "text": "NAGPUR: In another step forward for Mihan project, the board of directors of Maharashtra Airport Development Company (MADC) has approved the district collectorate proposal to offer 1.5 crore a hectare to land owners in Jaitala and Bhamti villages for acquiring their land to make second runway for the project. But, the acquisition with highest ever rates offered is proving a huge burden for the state government that may have to readjust its finances, say sources.Second airstrip is critical for Mihan project going ahead. The minutes of the board of directors meeting held couple of months ago, released recently, mentioned that the board had approved the amount. Since the chief minister is chairman of MADC, it is being considered as an approval from state government too. However funds are still awaited. Almost 300 crore are required, district collector Saurabh Rao told TOI.MADC's vice-chairman-cum-managing director UPS Madan added that the rate still awaited an approval from the state government. However, the company has been allowed to make payments from its own funds which would be refunded later. So far, 43 landholders have agreed to the proposal. Negotiations would continue with the rest. According to MADC's estimates there were around 300 families in Jaitala-Bhamti whose land will have to be acquired. This area includes the last patch of 146 hectares.The district collectorate needs 60 crore for the 40 acres of land on immediate basis to start off the process. The total compensation for land is estimated at 202 crore with another 100 crore required for homes and other assets. The amount ranging from 2100 to 5,000 a square metre has also been approved by the board as compensation for homesteads in villages Telhara, Dahegoan and Shivangaon.While MADC is hoping for early closure of acquisition process, leader of the oustees in Jaitala-Bhamti villages Praful Gudadhe Patil said he would continue to oppose it. \"No matter what the rates, we would not allow acquisition unless government technically justifies need of a second runway,\" Gudadhe Patil told TOI.The second runway was critical because without it, the land-swap deal agreed upon with Indian Air Force (IAF) cannot go ahead.IAF insists it will not shift to the new site unless it has a runway too. MADC will not get the land for Mihan unless IAF moves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11609162", "title": "NMC dodges criticism over rising dog bite cases", "text": "NASHIK: Data released by the Civil Hospital has pointed out that incidents of dog bites in the city have gone up by 776 between 2010 and 2011. While four new cases of hydrophobia have been seen, there have also been two deaths due to dog bites as well.Citizens have been complaining about the rise in the number of dogs in colonies throughout the city, but the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) says that everything is under control with dog vans picking up stray dogs, sterilizing them and giving them anti-rabies shots at the NMC's dog sterilization centre.Dr Madhav Metangale, MVSc (master of veterinary science) Surgery, said that two dog vans which can accommodate 25-30 dogs are brought to the sterilization centre every day. \"On an average, we perform 30-35 operations per day. The dogs take 5-6 days to recuperate, depending upon their individual health, age and body weight,\" he said.The centre, which is located near octroi naka no. 1 on the Mumbai-Agra Highway, has seven shops, each of which has four compartments to accommodate the dogs. Metangale and Dr Vijay Phulsundar, MVSc-LPM (master of veterinary science-livestock production management), take care of the operations and post-operative care of the dogs with the help of four boys.Metangale admits that the boys who catch the dogs, inject them and bring them to the operation table are often bitten and have to be taken to the Civil Hospital, more than 12km away from the centre. There is no other option, Metangale said.Animal activists are sceptical about the claims of the NMC. They feel that the dogs are not picked up on a regular basis and that the vans often don't visit different localities at all. \"There is no way of knowing when the dogs at the sterilization centre were picked up and for how long they have been caged there,\" an activist said. The ears of the dogs that have been sterilized are often marked for identification, but animal lovers say that they hardly notice dogs with marked ears.Veterinary officer of the NMC, Pramod Sonawane, said that dogs from three divisions are picked up in one van since they have only two vans. \"We do need more vans. Till last January, we only had one van for the entire city. We also need five more shops for the dogs,\" he said.Sharanya Shetty of animal shelter Sharan said that the NGO vaccinates people against rabies from the funds that they receive from private donors, but the cost of the vaccines are very high. She says that apart from the rise in their numbers, many stray dogs are also suffering from skin diseases. \"In 2011, we put 21 dogs with rabies to sleep. In 2010, we had put 7-8 dogs to sleep for the same reason,\" she said. Authorities at the Civil Hospital say that people never come for vaccination as a precaution, though they do get injections free of cost if they are bitten by a dog.NMC sources said that rabid dogs are taken towards the highway near Vilholi and are buried without burning them first. Often, other dogs dig up the spot and are infected with rabies too, which may be the reason why instances of rabies in the city are gradually increasing. Doctors at the sterilization centre, on the other hand, said that there are very few instances of rabies, and these too occur mostly during the monsoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11608428", "title": "Congress screening commitee to clear air on seat-sharing on Tuesday", "text": "PANAJI: The crucial meetings of the Congress screening committee (CSC) and coordination committee are likely to take place on Tuesday to finalize Congress candidates for the March 3 assembly polls .Congress spokesperson Ramakant Khalap told mediapersons that the CSC and coordination committee meeting will be held on Tuesday and I think most of the major issues will be cleared. \"The issue of seat sharing with NCP will be decided by the high command and party leaders in Delhi,\" he added.The CSC meeting is likely to be chaired by Union minister Oscar Fernandes who is the chairman of the committee, chief minister Digambar Kamat, Goa Pradesh Congress Committee (GPCC) president Subhash Shirodkar, Goa desk in-charge J S Brar and AICC secretary Sudhakar Reddy and from NCP Praful Patel is likely to attend the coordination committee meeting.Kamat and Shirodkar have already reached Delhi to attend the meeting. Sources in Congress said that the party may agree to allot seven seats to NCP.The CSC meeting chaired by Fernandes will clear the list of 20 sitting MLAs which is expected to be announced sometime after January 26, said sources.GPCC general secretary and Fatorda seat aspirant Vijai Sardesai reached Delhi on Monday to convince the high command that he is a winnable candidate. So far Goa Pradesh Youth Congress president Pratima Coutinho is a front-runner for the Fatorda Congress ticket.The difficult decision will be in Mandrem where Dayanand Sopte, who had defected from the BJP, is vying for the ticket. Sameer Salgaocar, son of mine owner and Sanvordem MLA Anil Salgaocar is trying for a ticket with the backing of the chief minister. The party leadership is also in a dilemma to decide on the Santa Cruz constituency.On Sunday urban development minister Joaquim Alemao was in Delhi lobbying for an NCP ticket for his son Yuri Alemao to contest from Sanguem. Rudolf Fernandes, son of St Cruz Congress MLA Victoria Fernandes, was in Delhi lobbying for his mother, sources said.Elections 2012 NewsGoa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11609838", "title": "SVIT students fasten their seatbelts for Prakarsh 12", "text": "VADODARA: Budding engineers of the Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Technology (SVIT), Vasad are gearing up for their national-level technical symposium - Prakarsh 12 - for the seventh consecutive year.The students' chapter of the Indian Society of Technical Education (ISTE) at SVIT, Vasad will host the technical festival between February 29 and March 2. Ahead of the forthcoming symposium, SVIT students took up a social cause through an event for underprivileged children at the city-based Don Bosco Snehalaya.\"Under the social cause event which was held on Sunday, we spent a day with the children to make them feel special since we believe that Prakarsh is not just a technical symposium, but also to make a change in the society,\" says one of the student organizers Palash Acharya.\"While spending time there, we organized many fun games, played games like cricket, basketball and football and tried uplift their enthusiasm. We also gifted them some sports goods, stationeries and sanitaries which they require in day to day life,\" adds Acharya.SVIT has been holding the national level symposium, wherein it provides a platform to students from across the country to showcase their skills. The theme for Prakarsh 12 is \"The Power of 7\".\"Our idea is to showcase the effect the number 7 has in our life. Seven has always been considered as a divine number, but what remains to be noticed is the presence of seven in seven surs, seven colours, seven wonders of the world, seven days in a week, seven oceans among others. This is our seventh annual Prakarsh also,\" says Helly Thakkar, member of ISTE students' chapter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11610664", "title": "Unnamed planters could be Pakistanis who lived in Byculla", "text": "MUMBAI: The Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS) on Monday claimed to have cracked the 13/7 triple blasts case, but remained tightlipped on naming two of the wanted men. Of the three men absconding in the case, only Indian Mujahideen (IM) founding member Yasin Bhatkal has been named. Sources said the Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS) is not naming the two because it doesn't want the Delhi police to get any credit, but local ATS bosses denied this.Sources said the two unnamed wanted accused are the Pakistanis who were being watched by the Delhi police's special cell in Mumbai in the last week of December . There were reports that a tussle between the Mumbai ATS and Delhi police led to a botch-up that allowed Bhatkal and the two Pakistanis escape being caught at Habib Apartments, Byculla.The Delhi police claimed the ATS spoiled the trap when it picked up their informer Naqi Ahmed. The ATS claimed the Delhi police were sleeping when the two Pakistanis arrived to return the house keys to landlady Rubina Qureshi.\"If (ATS chief Rakesh) Maria had taken the names of the two Pakistanis, then the Delhi police theory gets confirmed. So Maria called them accused A and B,\"' said a source.Maria rubbished this, saying, \"Our teams are on the job to get the absconders. I don't want to hamper the investigations by giving out their names and details.\" Maria said there was no botch-up and the ATS had got help from several other state police and central agencies. \"Our teams visited 18 states, coordinated with the Punjab , Bihar, Kolkata and Delhi police . There was no fighting for credit as the media reported and I feel that competition is good. It should always be there or the hunger to crack the case would not be there,\" said Maria.Real &amp; fake moneyThe ATS claims to have unearthed the trail through which the terrorists financed the 13/7 triple blasts. Police said that Rs 10 lakh were used to fund the Pune German Bakery, Delhi high court and 13/7 attacks.The police have frozen Naqi Ahmed's and Nadeem Akhtar's bank accounts and are investigating the accounts of their family members. Police said the money was forwarded from Dubai to Nepal to Bihar and finally to Mumbai.They alleged Rs 1.5 lakh of that money was paid to Naqi. The accused also used counterfeit notes to buy cell phones, SIM cards, tickets to travel from one city to the other and explosives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11609194", "title": "Verbal duel between Balakrishna and Chiranjeevi turns bitter", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Balakrishna-Chiranjeevi star war has turned bitter with both of them taking a dig at each other. But the larger picture is that both of them have never liked each other even when they were at their peak of their film careers and the feud has now spilled on to the political firmament as well.While it's a known fact that there was no love lost between the stars, what is intriguing is the ongoing slanging match between Chiranjeevi and Balakrishna and the acerbic tongue-lashing by camps belonging to both the stars. Both the top actors of Tollywood never saw eye to eye. In fact, fans of the Nandamuri clan always engage in a bitter feud with Chiranjeevi's fans.The big question doing the rounds is who's behind this murky drama enacted by two major players. With Balakrishna suddenly bursting on to the political platform making his ambitions clear that he wouldn't be a pushover in the 2014 elections, the scenario has changed completely. What was the provocation for Balayya Babu, as he's fondly called by his fans, to take on Chiranjeevi.Analysts believe it is Chandrababu Naidu's ploy to pitchfork his `sambandhi' (brother-in-law) to cut to size the rise of Harikrishna and Junior NTR in the party as well as Chiranjeevi, who is now a Congress leader. \"Chiranjeevi was the perfect alibi since Balayya cannot talk ill of his elder brother Harikrishna, NTR Jr and hence, the verbal onslaught against Chiru,\" an analyst said.But there are other political experts who see it as Balayya's 'own show' to deflate Naidu in the party and target the chief minister's chair in 2014. \"Balakrishna started unleashing the verbal war against Chiranjeevi to unsettle him. But the bigger picture is something else as he is being goaded by his fans and senior leaders to lead the TDP in 2014,\" a senior analyst said.If so far, Balakrishna and Chiranjeevi were only responding to media queries with a cheerful face that Balakrishna had a definite agenda in mind to target Chiranjeevi became clear on Monday.Balakrishna was in Visakhapatnam where he directly attacked Chiranjeevi in a coarse language in public. He referred to Chiranjeevi as \"vaadevado...\" The reference roughly translates to mean 'some fellow'. Balakrishna was unstoppable in his criticism against Chiranjeevi though he did not take the star's name. \"Vaadevado nannu baludannadu (some fellow has called me a child),\" Balakrishna said and went on to say that the one who said that had seen only one side of his personality.\"I will show him my other self,\" he said, a reference he made in his hit film `Simha.' Balakrishna went on to say that 'somebody is dreaming of becoming chief minister and such a person was not even fit to compare himself to the fingers of my father's (NT Rama Rao) foot,\" the actor said. Balakrishna also declared that he would contest the 2014 assembly polls even against Chiranjeevi.\"Anyone can contest from anywhere, what is wrong with it?\" Chiranjeevi said dismissing a question in Tirupati on Monday. In the 2009 elections, TDP was the biggest loser because of Chiranjeevi's entry into politics. With the megastar gaining a foothold in the Congress now, it appears that the TDP bosses have unleashed the 'Balayya power' to counter Chiranjeevi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "11610034", "title": "Punjab polls: Dera defers decision on support", "text": "SIRSA: Dera Sacha Sauda's political wing has postponed its decision on extending its support for candidates and parties in Punjab.A six-hour meeting o was also held in Sirsa on Monday to discuss the issue; however, the decision was postponed. Interestingly, written suggestions were sought from members. Earlier, the seven-member committee had also met Dera followers to know their will.\"We received a sack full of written suggestions from the followers and members, but we have not yet decided which party to support,\" said Ram Singh, chairman of the political wing. Notably, Dera Sacha Sauda has large number of followers in Malwa belt, and therefore big and small political parties are visiting the Dera headquarters on a daily basis. The political wing claims that they have 35 lakh followers in the said area.During a press conference, Dera chief Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh reiterated that they would support only those candidate who promise that they would do justice to everyone and eradicate social evils from Punjab.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11609770", "title": "'Nitish should clear stand'", "text": "PATNA: Senior state Congress leader Prem Chand Mishra has said that chief minister Nitish Kumar should immediately clear his stand on BJP president Nitin Gadkari's remark that he favoured Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi for the top job of prime minister.Referring to Gadkari's remark that \"Modi has good potential to be BJP president and PM,\" Mishra sought to know if Nitish would accept Modi as PM.In a statement issued here on Monday, he said, \"BJP president Gadkari has announced Modi as a prime ministerial candidate. Now, Nitish should clear his stand whether he would accept Modi as prime minister.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11612842", "title": "Karan Johar in a catch-22 situation", "text": "The filmmaker is having a tough time choosing between his two upcoming releasesStating that both the films are as important to him, Karan Johar revealed to Mumbai Mirror, \"Both Agneepath and Ek Main... cater to a wide range of audience. In fact, Dharma Productions has been working non-stop over the past two months.\"The work needless to say, included the planning and promotions for the two big releases starring Hrithik Roshan and Priyanka Chopra in one and Imran Khan and Kareena Kapoor in the other. A source close to the production house informed Mumbai Mirror, \"Karan Johar masterminds all his film promotions. He tries to give every film his complete attention before its release. However, this time, there are two releases within 10 days of each other. And that has never happened before.\"The source further revealed that the two releases have resulted into abrupt change in the promotional schedules as well. \"A music launch for Ek Main Aur Ekk Tu was planned for today. But since KJo had already made plans to be in Delhi to promote Agneepath, the Ek Main... event had to be cancelled,\" added the source.Mumbai Mirror learnt that a similar promotional event for Agneepath in Jaipur planned for January 25 had to be cancelled since the cast of Ek Main... is to travel to the city on the same day.Despite cancelled events and having to juggle with his two ventures, KJo is happy with the efficiency of the team. \"It wouldn't have been possible without my team. Agneepath is scheduled to release first. Both the films have big stars. I feel like I am having twins and don't know which one to give more attention to,\" said the proud filmmaker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11611221", "title": "Man hacked to death in Kotturpuram", "text": "CHENNAI: A 28-year-old man was hacked to death by a 10 member-gang in Kotturpuram on Monday evening. He had been released on bail a week ago after being arrested in a murder case, police said.Around 5.45pm, police said, Karthik alias 'MGR' Karthik of Annamalai Street in Jafferkhanpet and his friend Albert were going on separate bikes towards Cenotaph Road when the former's vehicle was hit from behind by a car near the Kotturpuram bridge. As he fell down, 10 people got down from the car wielding sickles. Karthik began running but was cornered near a two-wheeler mechanic shop and hacked. The assailants then drove away in their Mahindra Xylo towards Cenotaph Road, onlookers and passers-by later told police. Soon, police sent the body to the government hospital in Royapettah for postmortem.Preliminary inquiries revealed that the assailants may have closely monitored the victim after he came out on bail. Police suspect the hand of a rival gang in the killing and are also looking at the role of Karthik's friend Albert in the murder. \"Special teams led by inspector B Jai Shankar and assistant commissioner of police (Kotturpuram) R Sivasankaran have been formed to probe the case,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11608961", "title": "CBI widens NRHM probe to include Mulayam\u2019s tenure", "text": "NEW DELHI: CBI has expanded the scope of its investigation into the NRHM scam in UP, probing into `irregular' expenses to the tune of Rs 10,000 crore and also including the tenure of Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav . The agency is likely to register more FIRs in the case.Sources in the agency claimed that the probe focuses from 2005 to 2011, and Yadav was the CM in the first two years during this period. \"We are looking into Samajwadi Party's tenure as well and if any irregularity comes out, we will file cases soon,\" said a top official.The indication of agency looking to expand the ambit of probe comes on a day when the 'key accused' and `the main link' between Babu Singh Kushwaha and others in the scam, Sunil Verma, committed suicide in Lucknow.CBI officials sought to counter any perception that Verma committed suicide because of any high-handedness by investigators. Sources claimed that neither Verma was ever formally questioned nor he was summoned. \"There was no pressure from CBI on him,\" said a top officer.The agency has reportedly sought a report from the Uttar Pradesh Police on Verma's alleged suicide, as they claim that 'he was a key accused in the first case in NRHM scam'. Verma (52) allegedly shot himself with his licenced revolver on Monday morning at his Lucknow residence - the fourth mysterious death in the case. He was named as one of the main accused by the agency in a case of `irregularities' in the upgrade of 134 hospitals in UP and his residence was searched on January 4 but he was not called for questioning. Officials said he was informally questioned by CBI during the raids.An officer said, \"Sunil Verma was an important accused in the FIR in which BSP leader Babu Singh Kushwaha is also the accused. He could have given important leads about Kushwaha and others.\" Verma was the one whose signatures were there on the papers related to tenders of upgrade of the district hospitals.On Monday, CBI questioned some officials of UP Jal Nigam and UPSDIC and seized records of UP Bhawan, including visitors' registers and questioned some Bhawan staff.Verma was named along with Kushwaha and others in the first FIR filed in the scam relating to upgrade of 134 hospitals across the state for an amount of Rs.13.4 crore by Construction and Design Services, a unit of UP Jal Nigam. The CBI had alleged the work was given to a Ghaziabad-based firm Surgicoin on the basis of forged documents and the construction was of inferior quality causing a loss of Rs. 5.46 crore to the exchequer. Verma, who was the NRHM project manager with the Construction and Design Services, was named in the FIR and searches were conducted at his residence on January 4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11609169", "title": "HC directs AP Transco to re-employ disabled lineman", "text": "HYDERABAD: Noting that the authorities should interpret the Acts pertaining to persons with disabilities in a humane manner and not in a whimsical way, Justice B Chandra Kumar of the AP High Court on Monday directed the APTransco to give posting orders within three weeks to a former employee of the corporation who lost both his legs and right hand while discharging his duties.The judge was dealing with a petition filed by S Venkataramana who was with AP Transmission Corporation as its junior lineman before the accident rendered him disabled in June, 2008. The corporation paid him Rs 4.92 lakh as compensation. Though it was decided later on humanitarian grounds to provide him the job of an attendant, somehow it did not materialise so far.\"The payment of compensation would not absolve the employer of his duty to provide suitable job under Section 47 of the Persons with Disabilities Act, 1995. In such a situation, it is the employer's responsibility to see that the workman is shifted to some other post with the same pay and service benefits\", Justice Chandra Kumar said while dealing with the writ petition. The court also directed the corporation to ensure that the petitioner was allowed to perform his duties without anymore physical or mental strain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11608244", "title": "Dy collector recommends FIR against Narvekar", "text": "PANAJI: The deputy collector, Bardez, has recommended that an FIR be filed against Aldona Congress MLA Dayanand Narvekar for allegedly distributing cheques and sports kits while the code of conduct was in force but the office of the Goa chief electoral officer has referred the matter to the Election Commission of India.Joint chief electoral officer N S Navti told mediapersons that the deputy collector has \"specifically stated\" that an FIR be filed against Narvekar. But the deputy collector has not specified under which provision of the law the FIR is to be filed. So the CEO's office has referred the matter to the ECI for advice.When asked if Narvekar could be disqualified, Navti replied in the negative, adding that, at most, the monetary amount involved in Narvekar's distribution could be added to his election expenses. Navti, however, said that the decision to disqualify Narvekar may come up later if his expenses exceed the Rs 8 lakh limit.In another matter related to recruitments in the department of animal husbandry after the model code of conduct came into force, the government secretary concerned has sent his report after conducting an inquiry and proposed the animal husbandry director's transfer. The office of the Goa CEO has also referred the matter to the ECI, Navti said. \"This is only a preliminary action. The government may take suitable action subsequently,\" Navti said.Regarding the allegation that the government server was tampered with in order to pre-date the recruitments by various government departments, Navti said it was a technical error and nothing malafide was found in the case.On what action the CEO's office had taken against the Goa state commission for women for inviting Calangute Congress MLA Agnelo Fernandes for their function, Navti said the commission chairperson has replied that the commission had never invited Fernandes for the function. But the CEO's office is not satisfied with the explanation. It is of the view that since Fernandes did sit on the dais at the function, he could not have done so without the consent of the commission. The CEO has, therefore, asked for additional information from the women's commission.Navti said that till date the CEO's office has received 142 complaints; 53 from North Goa, 83 from South Goa and six either directly at the CEO's office or via the ECI. Of these, 123 complaints have been disposed off and 19 are awaiting disposal, Navti said.Elections 2012 NewsGoa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11610725", "title": "Make Sadar Bazar a \u2018vehicle-free\u2019 zone, says HUDA", "text": "GURGAON: In a move to decongest the Sadar Bazar area in the old city, the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) has proposed turning the entire stretch into a 'No Vehicle Zone'. The proposal was given to the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) by HUDA administrator Praveen Kumar who visited the market on Monday to find out the extent of encroachments done by the shopkeepers. There are hundreds of shops on both sides of the road between Sohna Chowk and the post office building. Kumar said: \"The HUDA team has videographed the extent of encroachment by the shops. The shopkeepers would face a stiff penalty if the encroachments resurface.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11609488", "title": "'Honour the promises made by T M Jacob'", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: With the demise of former Food and civil supplies minister T M Jacob, all the welfare measures promised by him also seem to have reached a dead end, says All Kerala Ration Dealers' Association.Addressing a news conference here on Tuesday, the association working president and former MLA Johny Nelloor urged the state government to take immediate steps to honour the agreements reached between the former minister and association representatives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11610016", "title": "Tulsiram was in jail during Haren murder", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Exactly who killed former Gujarat minister Haren Pandya? Suspended IPS officer Sanjiv Bhatt claims he has a letter from Asgar Ali, now acquitted of the assassination charge by the Gujarat high court, which states the killing was executed by Sohrabuddin Sheikh's fellow gangster Tulsiram Prajapati.However, Ujjain central jail records in Madhya Pradesh, obtained by an Indore-based lawyer Rohit Tomar under Right to Information Act, show that Tulsiram was behind bars when Pandya was killed on March 26, 2003. That rules him out as the man behind the gun.Bhatt has claimed that as superintendent of the Sabarmati central jail, he had faxed a message to the then minister of state for home Amit Shah on November 5, 2003 about Asgar's claims. The jail authorities have, however, denied having a record of any such fax.According to jail records, Tulsiram was in jail from the beginning of 2003 and was taken for a court hearing on March 27, 2003, one day after Pandya's killing in Ahmedabad. The records show Tulsiram was imprisoned on December 7, 2002 as undertrial prisoner number 2664. He was in judicial custody after being accused in five different cases lodged in various places committed in 2000-2001. These included murder charges. He was acquitted in four cases, while in the fifth case, he was granted bail and finally released on October 18, 2003. Besides murder, Tulsiram had been accused of loot, dacoity and trespassing.Tulsiram was killed in a fake encounter on December 28, 2006, a few days after the investigating officer in the Sohrabuddin probe sought permission to go to Rajasthan to interrogate him.Several policemen from Gujarat and Rajasthan are behind bars in the Sohrabuddin case and the Tulsiram probe too has now been handed over to the CBI.The case took a twist recently when CBI sought the help of Andhra Pradesh police to arrest former naxalite-turned-informer Nayeemuddin alias Kalimuddin in connection with the Tulsiram probe.While the CBI believes that it was Tulsiram who was travelling with Sohrabudin and his wife Kauserbi when they were picked up by the Gujarat police on the AP-Maharashtra border, it is seeking the custody of Nayeemuddin, an absconder in the Pandya murder case, to perhaps throw more light on the killing of the former Gujarat minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11610222", "title": "Kidnapped teen rescued", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A 17-year-old girl, who was allegedly kidnapped from BDA Colony here on January 18, was rescued on Monday. Two persons, including a woman, were arrested in this connection.Family of the Plus-II student had on Sunday staged a demonstration at the Mahila police station here demanding immediate arrest of the accused, who abducted her while she was on her way to the tuition in Chandrasekharpur area.\"We rescued the girl from Nayagarh and arrested two persons. The girl is safe,\" Bhubaneswar DCP Nitinjeet Singh said. But police, basing on prima facie evidence, said the girl had eloped with one of the accused. But the girl's brother refuted she had any affair with anyone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11611372", "title": "Pratap Press lies in utter neglect", "text": "KANPUR: The historic Pratap Press Building is facing tough times these days. This archaeological monument is lying in utter neglect and need immediate attention. This building is on the list of historical monuments of Indian National Trust of Art Culture and Heritage (INTACH). It is being encroached by more than 100 families, who are living there for more than five decades.In the list of 250 most desirable historical monuments in and around the city that are identified by INTACH, Pratap Press is on the second place.This ancient monument, with the first kind of printing machine, old style of writing and above all the articles written by great revolutionaries like Bhagat Singh , Ganesh Shanker Vidyarthi, Chandra Shekhar Azad and many more, is lying in shambles. It has become a mute spectator to all the malpractices and meeting point of the anti-social elements. However, many printing machines and papers have already been stolen. Pratap Press is now waiting for court verdict, which would declare its real owner.\"A good and efficient administration, conducive to the welfare of the people, prevention of social evils and persecutions, encouragement of propagation of self-dependence and strong faith in self-rule was the motto of Pratap,\" SP Singh, head of the department of history, Christ Church College, said.Talking about Ganesh Shanker Vidyarthi, the founder of Pratap, Singh said, \"Vidyarthi was closely associated with Mahatma Gandhi , Jawaharlal Nehru , Bhagat Singh, Chandra Shekhar and became an active member of the Indian National Congress and the Home Rule Movement. In 1920, through his paper, Vidyarthi vehemently criticised the government and the zamindars for which he was arrested on charges of spreading unrest. In 1923, he was re-arrested for his speech delivered at the Fatehpur district political conference and released in January 1924.\"He was a chairman of the reception committee of the All India Congress Committee Session (1925) at Kanpur, a member of the UP Legislative Council (1926-29), president of the UP Political Conference held at Farrukhabad (1929) and president of the UP Congress Committee (1930). In March 1931, communal riots flared up in Kanpur. Vidyarthi tried his best to restore communal peace and harmony, but was killed on March 25, 1931 while visiting an affected area.\"Ganesh Shanker was a journalist with a forceful, clear and simple style. He deplored social and moral degradation of the Indian people and wanted laws to be passed to check social evils. He wanted to check beggary, rehabilitate the prostitutes, prevent young boys from being trained as ascetics and improve the condition of women. He was opposed to the powerful impact of western civilisation which made Indian intellectuals slaves of foreign culture,\" Singh added.He urged to declare this dilapidated building as a national monument so that the district administration and organizations like INTAC and Archaeological Survey of India can maintain it.Ironically, the site earmarked as heritage building is being ignored by organisations who claim to be working for preserving the legacy of the past. The main reason for its mismanagement is the encroachment of more than 100 families and 500 people. Despite knowing the importance of this place, they are not ready to leave.\"We are living here from last five decades. We are paying Rs 20 as rent that too is annually deposited in 'kachehri'. Even if me and my family or 50 per cent of families agree to leave this place, what about the others,\" said Dinesh Singh, living in Pratap Press.He opposed the idea of declaring it as a historical monument.Another resident Guddu said: \"My forefathers told me that several attempts were made by the government as well as by the administration to buy the building. All the steps failed as it has many owners. Also, the people living here are not ready to leave the place.\"North zone convener of INTACH Thakur Ranveer said that any monument which is above 100 years old can be considered as archaeological site. Pratap press is having its own importance and can be termed as historical site which should be preserved.\"I had been through the list of heritage and historical monuments prepared by INTACH and Pratap Press is there. I would drew the attention of the government and the administration for its preservation and conservation,\" Ranveer added.Other sitesThe condition of Gandhi Bhawan, Ganesh Shanker Vidyarthi temple at Chaubegola and many more buildings is same.The worse is the famous 'Shiv Temple' popularly known as 'Patthar Ghat', constructed by Raja Takait Rai, Diwan at the court of Awadh Nawab about 200 years back.Baradari at Bithoor is another art work, speaking about marvellous architecture and craftsmanship. It needs attention.Status of monumentsMonuments under state archaeology department - 9Monuments under Archaeological Survey of India - 34Listed heritage buildings in and around Kanpur - 250", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11610141", "title": "Hit by caterer, constable dies at New Delhi station", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 53-year-old Delhi Police constable posted at New Delhi railway police station was allegedly beaten to death by the catering in-charge of a Shatabdi Express on Monday morning when he objected to the use of an unauthorized passage by some caterers.Railway Police and Northern Railway officials gave contradictory accounts of the early morning attack reported from platform 1. \"Constable Mohammad Riyaz Khan was at the platform on Monday because of the high alert for the final Republic Day dress rehearsals. The accused, Dhanpat, attacked him when he asked the catering staff to use the designated pathways. Dhanpat lunged at Khan, beat him up and then dealt a knee kick to his abdomen. We believe Khan died of the impact or might have even had a heart attack. He succumbed to head injuries at Lady Hardinge Hospital,\" said BS Gurjar, additional deputy commissioner of police (railway).Baghpat resident Mohammad Riyaz Khan had joined Delhi Police in 1991 and had been posted at the railway police station for the last seven years. The police were called at 6.05am when passengers of the Ludhiana-bound Shatabdi Express had already started arriving on the platform. Dhanpat was arrested from the spot and has been kept in judicial custody for seven days. A case under sections 304 (culpable homicide not amounting to murder), 353 (assault or criminal force with intent to dishonour a person) and 186 (obstructing a public servant from discharging his duty) has been registered at the New Delhi GRP police station.Dhanpat's associates, however, said the fight started when the constable demanded money and breakfast claiming he had been on duty since early morning. \"When we refused, he called up other GRP constables. They attacked us first. We were only trying to save ourselves when the constable collapsed at a blow from Dhanpat,'' said one of the caterers who did not wish to be named.Northern Railway said a separate high-level enquiry will be carried out to ascertain if the incident was a fallout of the staff's not using the railway over-bridge or the designated pathway. \"A senior divisional commercial manager, the divisional mechanical engineer (carrier) and the senior divisional security commissioner are part of the investigating team. We hope to get the report in a week,'' said CPRO (Northern Railway) SK Sharma. IRCTC, which manages railway catering, has denied its staffers' involvement in the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "11610707", "title": "Doc denies lapse as patient dies after delivering twins", "text": "GONDIA: Medical superintendent of Bai Gangabai Government Hospital for Women, Gondia Dr Nassem Ahmed denied allegations that 23-year-old Pushpa Naik, resident of village Sawri near Gondia, died due to carelessness on part of the hospital staff. In fact, there were four surgeons, including herself, at Pushpa's bedside when she succumbed to excess bleeding, Dr Ahmed insisted.Pushpa was admitted to the hospital on January 20 afternoon. She delivered twins on the next day i.e. January 21) morning. Normally, the placenta is released within half and hour after the delivery. But in this case since the placenta was not released the doctor on duty reported the matter to Dr Ahmed.While the doctors were preparing to operate on Pushpa, the placenta was released followed by severe blood flow. Meanwhile, Pushpa fell unconscious and her BP shot up. Eventually she died of profuse bleeding, Dr Ahmed explained.Dr Ahmed said, \"Pushpa had a history of delivering premature. She had delivered twins in her first pregnancy. She should have consulted gynaecologist which she apparently did not, nor had she registered herself with our hospital.\" She died due to her own negligence, Dr Ahmed insisted. A team of doctors - Dr Asha Agrawal, Dr Raut and Dr Saras Kendre - were attending her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11609736", "title": "Graft plaint filed against GU VC", "text": "AHMEDABAD: More trouble is brewing for Gujarat University vice-chancellor Parimal Trivedi. On Monday, former GU senate member Pradeep Prajapati filed a complaint of cheating and siphoning off government money against Trivedi and three others.The complaint was filed in a special ACB court following which additional sessions judge V K Shah scheduled a hearing on the matter on January 25. Trivedi is already in trouble for allegedly hurling castiest abuses in 2008 against Pankaj Srimali, a teacher at GLS Arts College.Prajapati in his complaint has accused Trivedi, chief account officer Minesh Shah, development officer Vaishali Padhiyar and Wilson Printcity Pvt Ltd of swindling crores of rupees. He demanded an inquiry against the three GU office bearers under CRPC 156 (3).Prajapati alleged that the three misused their office and gave away printing jobs of exam papers, answer sheets and other materials to Wilson between 2007 and 2011 which caused the exchequer a loss of Rs 1.3 crore.The former senate member has also alleged that Trivedi and others divided GU's Rs 100-crore fixed deposit with SBI to make deposits in separate banks which has gave university a loss of Rs 4 crore. Prajapati has also alleged Trivedi manipulated income figures of the university during his tenure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11609678", "title": "Cap on fee for state syllabus schools", "text": "BANGALORE: In a move that will bring relief to scores of parents across the state, the department of public instruction has brought in an upper cap on the fee that can be charged by a private school which follows the state syllabus. The education department has gone one step ahead and released toll-free numbers for parents to call, if schools charge beyond the limit.Though the formula to calculate the tuition fee (total salary paid to teachers + 30% of the total salary / strength of students in the last academic year) has always been there for the past few years, it has never been followed. The latest notification wants all schools to follow it mandatorily or face action by the District Level Education Regulatory Authorities (DLERA).The notification, dated January 16, 2012, states that no non-tuition fee should be charged for elementary and primary classes. For classes 6 and 7, the maximum a school can charge as non-tuition fee is Rs 38. It can go up to Rs 185 for classes 8, 9 and 10. This is apart from a special fee of Rs 600 fixed for all classes. In case the school asks for more, parents can dial toll-free numbers of DDPI offices to register their complaint (see box).The rules are expected to be followed by all schools coming under the jurisdiction of the Karnataka Education Act, except CBSE and ICSE schools. \"The rules are to make the admission process hassle-free for parents. Schools coming under the jurisdiction of the Karnataka Education Act are expected to adhere to the norms. We are not enforcing these rules on unaided schools falling under the guidelines of CBSE and ICSE,\" said Tushar Girinath, commissioner, DPI.The notification is for the admission procedure and fee structure from Nursery to Class 10, for the academic year 2012-2013. According to the norms, the distribution of application forms should take place between April 20, 2012, and April 30, 2012. The first list of selected students should be declared by May 6, 2012. The schools that fail to adhere to the norms prescribed by the DPI will be liable to the action taken by the District Level Education Regulatory Authorities (DLERA).SCHOOLS UNHAPPYThe notification dictating certain norms to be followed by schools coming under the jurisdiction of the education department has created a fresh wave of unrest among unaided schools. The DPI's announcement has left managements puzzled whether the department has any say in the admission process of such schools.Unaided schools feel such regimentation violates all basic principles of autonomy. \"Maximum autonomy in day-to-day administration has to be with private unaided institutions. DLERA has no jurisdiction in controlling the admission process in unaided schools,\" said GS Sharma, president of the Karnataka Unaided Schools Managements Association (KUSMA).The association says the notification negates the principle of autonomy laid down by the Supreme Court verdict in the case of TMA Pai Educational Institutions vs State of Karnataka. \"In its verdict, the SC had said the decision on the fee must be left to private educational institutions that are not dependent on funds from the government. The verdict also stated that maximum autonomy has to be with the management, with regard to administration, admission process and fee to be charged. The DPI is sticking to the old rule, which was discarded after a verdict in another case by the SC two years ago,\" said Sharma.Reacting to the association's claims, the DPI says a notification has been issued to make the admission process hassle-free. \"The claim being made by the association is completely false. To the best of my knowledge, no verdict by the High Court or Supreme Court has ever stated that such rules cannot be enforced on unaided schools falling under the Karnataka Education Act. If there is an order passed by the High Court or Supreme Court, adjudicating that the government has been banned from interfering in matters pertaining to certain schools, the school authorities are welcome to produce the relevant papers,\" said Tushar Girinath.What does the notification say?* Schools to declare the number of seats available and admission timetable before April 10, 2012* Distribution of application forms to take place between April 20, 2012 and April 30, 2012* Last date for acceptance of application forms: April 30, 2012* Last date to release list of students selected or rejected: May 3, 2012* First list of students selected should be declared by May 6, 2012, and last date for admission of these students will be May 15, 2012* Second list of meritorious students should be announced by May 16, 2012, for which the last date of admission is May 20, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11610893", "title": "\u2018File reply in Salem case\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: A sessions court on Monday directed the ATS to file its reply to the application filed by underworld gangster Abu Salem in the Pradeep Jain murder case.Last week, Salem had moved the court seeking a stay on the trial in the 1993 Mumbai serial bomb blasts and Pradeep Jain murder cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11609498", "title": "129 government buses damaged in stone pelting, in five months", "text": "MADURAI: Buses have always been a soft target for violent stone pelting mobs in the state. After the police firing at Paramakudi in September, 2011, 129 government buses have been damaged in the southern districts.The stone pelting spree began with the Paramakudi police firing and continued after the murder of dalit leader Pasupathi Pandian on January 10. In most cases, the front and rear windshields as well as window panes were damaged, while the bus crew and passengers sustained injuries in at least two dozen incidents. Buses were damaged on arterial roads in Madurai, Ramanathapuram, Dindigul, Tirunelveli as well as Tuticorin districts. Interestingly, no such bus damage has been reported in Theni where mass protests by villagers on the Mullaperiyar dam row rocked the district.In the aftermath of the Paramakudi police firing, 73 buses of TNSTC Madurai and Karaikudi divisions were damaged in stone pelting while four buses of Madurai division were damaged during Thevar Jayanthi on October 30. On January 10, 52 buses of the Madurai, Tirunelveli and Karaikudi divisions were attacked after dalit leader Pasupathi Pandian's murder. This apart, several private buses were also damaged in these incidents.\"Those who damage buses do not realise that the buses were in fact their own property,\" P Chandrasekaran, general manager, TNSTC Madurai said. Madurai division is more vulnerable as a considerable amount of the buses belong to high-end models. While it costs Rs 2,500 for an ordinary windshield, when a windshield of the Tata Marcopolo model is damaged, the corporation has to shell out Rs 27,000 for one piece, he pointed out.The stone pelting culture keeps the bus crew on their toes whenever an untoward incident happens, ultimately putting the public to inconvenience. After Pasupathi Pandian's murder, bus services to several places were abruptly halted as the bus crew refused to operate vehicles as they were told that the safety of the bus was their responsibility.Trade unionists note that the Public Property Damages Act had stipulated that the political outfits or parties involved in stone pelting had to bear the cost of damage to buses. But the previous DMK revoked the provision because many of the defaulting parties were allegedly its allies. \"Now the transport corporations have to bear the cost of repair. Besides, it also piles up work on the already burdened mechanics of TNSTC. It is high time that the provision to charge political parties and outfits responsible for the damages is re- introduced to instill fear and prevent bus damages,'' said a senior trade union leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11611296", "title": "Woman wrongly operated for appendicitis gets Rs 50k relief", "text": "CHENNAI: A woman wrongly diagnosed and operated for appendicitis in 2002 has got relief from the State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission. The commission directed that she be paid Rs 50,000 as compensation for mental agony along with Rs 4,560 for medical expenses and Rs 5,000 as cost of the complaint.In her complaint, M Gowri, wife of A Mani of Otteri, said she visited Dr Manivannan's clinic on January 18 and 19 in 2002 complaining of vomiting and stomach pain. After an examination, it was said she had appendicitis and was advised surgery immediately. She was admitted to Doctor Rex's Hospital in Otteri. Subsequently, a scan was taken and surgery performed on January 21. During the procedure, doctors found there was no appendicitis after all. Gowri contended that her ill-health was, in fact, triggered by a mass in her stomach which did not require surgery and \"could have been treated conservatively.\"A bench comprising A K Annamalai, presiding judicial member and S Sambandam, member, said that while Gowri had visited the doctor on three successive days starting January 18, the surgery was performed only on January 21. If she was experiencing pain due to acute appendicitis, she should have been operated on day one to save her life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "11610816", "title": "Cops attacked by illegal liquor seller, accomplices", "text": "AMRAVATI: A police team which went to raid an illegal liquor den was attacked by the owner and his accomplices on Saturday night. The incident happened at Marki village, near Amravati.Walgaon Police had got a tip-off that Niranjan Wankhede was selling illegal liquor in Marki village. A team comprising police inspector Nitin Bhoyar and constables Abhay Virkar and Khushal Tayde went to Marki to raid the illegal liquor den. During the raid cops seized some liquor bottles packed in a bag from Niranjan's son Roshan.But Niranjan, who was not present in house during the raid, soon learnt about the raid and came with a group of miscreants. The group attacked the cops with cane. PI Bhoyar and both the constables sustained injuries in the attack. Soon the Walgaon police station was informed about the attack on the police party, following which a riot control force was sent to Marki.All the three injured cops were rushed to a private hospital in Amravati. Police have arrested Wankhede but his accomplices are absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11609050", "title": "Pilot offloads passenger for saying \u2018get lost\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: A city entrepreneur was deplaned from an Ahmedabad-Hyderabad Indigo flight last Friday for allegedly \"having spoken rudely to the pilot\". The pilot offloaded the passenger from the aircraft following a minor altercation with him and alerted the CISF.The incident took place on January 20, when Praveen Pavuluri, along with his business partner, was preparing to board the flight to Hyderabad. While waiting on the aerobridge, swarming with passengers and flight crew, Pavuluri entered into a minor altercation with an Indigo staffer who wanted him to make way for the captain to enter the aircraft. But Pavuluri refused to oblige and instead asked the pilot to wait till passengers finished boarding. After Pavuluri had settled down in his seat, the deplaning orders were conveyed to him by a security officer. He tried to apologize. When other passengers intervened, the airline crew warned them that they, too, would remain stranded at the airport if they supported Pavuluri.\"As the pilot had announced that the flight would not take off unless I disembarked from the aircraft, I volunteered to meet him in the cockpit and apologize for the incident, in the interest of other passengers. But he refused to listen. Accusing me of rude behaviour, he said the complaint had already been lodged and could not be undone,\" Pavuluri said TOI.Indigo airlines maintained that the passenger was at fault and was de-boarded \"by the Captain-in-command due to his misbehavior\".Pavuluri had to later check into a hotel and take an early morning flight back to Hyderabad next day. Pavuluri said the episode had left him embarrassed. \"The ground staff and pilot kept insisting that I move, rather rudely. That is when I lost my cool and asked them to get lost,\" he said.As per aviation rules, a pilot can only issue such strict orders when he has any intelligence input about a passenger or feels that his presence can compromise safety.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11609086", "title": "Governor counters Mamata on farmer suicides", "text": "KOLKATA: Governor M K Narayanan on Sunday broke his silence on farmer suicides in Bengal and linked the deaths to debt. This runs contrary to chief minister Mamata Banerjee's claims that the suicides were due to personal reasons.\"Many of them, I suppose, were deeply in debt. You have to ask Jairam Ramesh what can be done about this because he is in charge of rural programmes,\" the governor said. As many as 26 farmers have committed suicide in the last four months, allegedly because they could not sell their harvest and were deep in debt. \"Farmer suicide is an issue engaging the attention of both the Centre and the state government. Such incidents are unfortunate, and a way has to be found to ensure that this does not happen,\" the governor said after a programme to mark the birth anniversary of Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose.Hours after his statement, the chief minister acknowledged only a \"single farmer death\" but stuck to her \"conspiracy\" theory. \"People who have run into debt for the past four to five years and end their life are being branded as farmers. This is a conspiracy. People are being told that if a post-mortem will be conducted and a case lodged anyway, why not claim he is a farmer. These are lies,\" Mamata said at the inauguration of Subhas Mela at Kankurgachi.A few days ago, after three back-toback farmer suicides in Burdwan, Mamata had said that the deaths were due to personal problems and not because of falling crop prices and the consequent debt.On January 19, Mamata had said: \"Not a single farmer has died due to falling prices. The deaths of 12 persons were due to personal problems with their personal debts running into crores.\" Mamata also tried to draw her defence from the farmer deaths during the Left Front rule, claiming that 378 farmers had committed suicide between 2008 and 2010.Governor M K Narayanan is also annoyed with the rising number of crib deaths in Bengal's hospitals, but defended the government on Monday. \"There was no belittling of the issue. I know the state government is deeply concerned and the chief minister is personally looking into it. We need to improve the facilities and that is something which cannot be changed overnight,\" Narayanan said.Narayanan has made it clear by now that he is not willing to go down as a \"rubber stamp\". He has intervened on crucial issues in his own way, sometimes coming out in the open or at times taking up matter with the respective departments.On campus violence, for instance, he had written to education minister Bratya Basu seeking a clarification on the government's plans to curb the violence. As chancellor, the Governor has often put across his views on doing away with dalatantra (political nepotism).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11608022", "title": "Government roots for R-Day parade on Marine Drive", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government is keen to convert Marine Drive into a ceremonial avenue on the lines of Rajpath in New Delhi for the annual Republic Day parade from next year.Senior officials said the three-km iconic boulevard, with the Arabian Sea in the background, will be an ideal setting for the state to show off its cultural and financial might, in addition to making the ceremony attractive for the general public.State health minister Suresh Shetty, who is also in-charge of the protocol department, recently expressed a desire to have Marine Drive converted into a ceremonial boulevard.\"We have tried various ways to make the ceremony more participatory for the general public, but people stay away. Marine Drive will provide an ideal setting, with rows of buildings on one side and the sea on the other, for the ceremony from the next year,\" a protocol and general administration department official said.The state has been organizing R-Day ceremonies at Shivaji Park in Dadar. This year, the army and navy will also join the parade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11610447", "title": "It\u2019s final, Pune city has over 25 lakh voters", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) on Monday published the final voters' list for the February 2012 municipal elections. The city has 25,58,792 voters who will elect the new civic body on February 16.Speaking to reporters on Monday, Vilas Kanade, in-charge of the electoral rolls for the PMC elections, said, \"The PMC has published the final voters' list after hearing suggestions and objections. The final figure of voters in Pune city is 25,58,792 which comprises 13,35,543 male and 12,23,249 female voters.\"\"We had received 2,866 complaints about the voters' list. Of these, 1,900 complaints were about shifting of voters' names to other wards. We have addressed these complaints and 51,382 voters whose names were listed in other wards were shifted to the wards where they reside,\" he said.Citizens will come to know about their respective polling stations on February 4 when the PMC will publish the list of voters, their respective wards along with the polling stations on its website, Kanade said.However, talking about complains regarding change in name, gender, wrong photographs and spellings, Kanade said the PMC had no authority to change these. \"We can only shift names from ward to ward. We don't have the authority to make any other change in the voters' list. These rights are with the district collectorate.\"The list was drawn up using the voter lists of the nine assembly constituencies. Names of voters from parts of assembly constituencies that do not fall within the PMC limits have been deleted. The lists were divided according to the wards in the city and were further modified according to the panel format.The draft voters' list was made public on January 12, in line with the time-table set by the state election commission. Suggestions and objections were sought till January 17.Meanwhile, the highest number of voters is in panel number 76 where 52,866 citizens will exercise their voting rights, while the smallest number is in panel number 74 which has 25,005 voters.According to the PMC's data, the final voters' list released in January 2007 comprised over 18.51 lakh voters, which included 9,67,473 males and 8,83,917 females.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11608943", "title": "Control room for poll expenses", "text": "ALLAHABAD: For making any complaints regarding income and expenditure incurred during the election process, a control room has been set up at the Collectorate. The general public can make complaints in this control room.The toll free number for making the complaint is 108 while the basic phone number for making the complaints are (0532)-2250012 and (0532)-2250428. The mobile number of the control room is 9454417216.For keeping vigil on the expenses of the candidates for the forthcoming Vidhan Sabha polls, district election office has also deputed observers for the 12 assembly segments of the district. For the Vidhan Sabha seats of Phaphamau, Soraon, Pratappur and Handia, the observer is Suresh Kumar whose phone number is 8004963267. For the Vidhan Sabha seats of Phulpur, City (West), City (North) and City(South), Rahul Kiran has been made the observer whose number is 8004963268. However, for the Vidhan Sabha seats of Meja, Karchana, Bara and Koraon , Ajay Kumar Sharma has been made the observer whose number is 8004963266.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11610093", "title": "Investors meet Minister", "text": "INDORE: A delegation of industrialists met the Madhya Pradesh Industries Minister Kailash Vijaywargiya on Monday and expressed their desire to invest in the state for organic farming. The investors are eyeing for organic farming in Ratlam.Excited with the prospect, industries minister Vijaywargiya has assured to take up the issue with the senior officials on Tuesday and explore the opportunities to expand organic farming. He said that if required the state would make some changes in its agricultural policies to encourage organic farming.Amit Sharma, consultant for organic farming and food processing units said that there are around 20 investors who are willing to invest up to Rs 1000 crores in the state in organic farming and food processing. \"Investment of around Rs 300 crores to Rs 400 crores can be made in Ratlam alone, which has huge potential for vegetable production. Only thing required is little government support,\" said Sharma.However, industrialists are also crying foul over the government's apathy towards the sector. Jubin Jain of Rishabh Agrotech Pvt Ltd said that government had announced a Food Park at Ratlam three years back by allotting around 48 acres of land. But till date no work has been done on the ground. \"No infrastructure has been put in place even after three years,\" said Jain.Recently the ASSOCHAM has released a survey that stated that Madhya Pradesh has tremendous potential in organic farming and food processing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11611395", "title": "Checking at railway station", "text": "KANPUR: With Repubic Day celebrations round the corner, the Kanpur Central railway station was frisked by sleuths of Railway Protection Force and Government Railway Police on Monday.The cops used hand-held metal detectors to check vital locations. Every nook and corner of the station, including the passenger waiting halls, parcel house, platforms and the parking areas were checked. The luggage of passengers was also checked.The drive was carried out to review the security arrangements, a GRP official said.Major trains were also checked. The passengers were told that the checks are being carried out for the Republic Day.The dog squad also accompanied the cops during the checking drive. RPF and GRP officials said that the checking would continue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11614824", "title": "Financial Literacy Programme for Students", "text": "In a booming economy such as Indias it is imperative for its citizens to be financially adept. Keeping this idea as their driving motto, India Infoline (IIFL) kick started their financial literacy campaign dubbed as Financial Literacy Agenda for Mass Empowerment (FLAME). The programme which targets various sections of the Indian society, lays a special importance on financial literacy amongst students. The current academic syllabus is very scholastic with little focus on real-world money management. If the literacy rate of the nation is poor, the financial literacy rate is worse, explains Amar Ambani, head of research at IIFL.To meet this demand, they launched a certificate course called Financial Literacy for Students (FIN-LITES) for the children of class VIII, IX and X across the country. This course, in collaboration with over 30 schools, including Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan, is designed to impart basic financial training and know-how to its students. Amrita Gulia, headmistress at Kendra Vidyalaya, Thane says, Being a teacher of economics, I realise how important it is to inculcate everyday finances into academics. This course has come as a highly beneficial addition to out curriculum. Students too have received it well. The subject hasnt just captured their interest but also helped create financial awareness amongst them, she adds.Another project under the FLAME umbrella is the six-month course organised in association with KJ Somaiya Institute of Management Studies. This programme focuses on educating from the underprivileged with basic financial knowledge. The course is conducted in English and Marathi and at no cost to the applicants.Apart from the FIN-LITES courses, they started financial helpline, are conducting FLAME meets, live chats, and generating financial content for the layman, as a part of this initiative. Every resource and medium, online and offline, is being tapped into to reach out to common man.The aim is to enable the general population with financial knowledge to make the most of the available banking and financial services. It is imperative to steer the inclusion of masses in the countrys financial growth and prosperity, concludes Ambani. An initiative that, although, is much appreciated in these times of economic turmoil, it remains to be seen how well will it be received with the masses.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11611054", "title": "Eight teams to investigate Karadikoppa murder case", "text": "HUBLI: Dharwad district police have formed eight teams of officers to expedite investigation into the shootout incident that took place in Karadikoppa, in which GP president Shivappa Mullannanavar was killed by unidentified people. The entire village is tense after the incident.Police have tightened security in the village to prevent any untoward incident. Dharwad SP R Dileep told TOI that investigation teams headed by him and DCP Rajiv Banahatti is investigating into the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11611369", "title": "Floral tributes to Netaji", "text": "KANPUR: The residents of Satti Chaura in Cantt offered floral tributes to Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose on Monday to observe the 115th birth anniversary of the great freedom fighter.People from all walks of life attended the function and paid homage to Netaji by garlanding his statue.\"Netaji is considered to be one of the most prominent leaders in the Indian Independence movement, this day should be declared as a national holiday,\" Gopi Tandon, a resident of the area said.Schoolchildren organized a cultural programme on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11609110", "title": "World Bank aid sought for welfare projects", "text": "HYDERABAD: A delegation of the World Bank headed by its operations adviser at New Delhi, Hubert Nove-Josserand and Venu Rajamani, who is joint secretary with the department of economic affairs, on Monday met chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy.During the discussion, the chief minister sought the World Bank's assistance for Andhra Pradesh Rural Poverty Reduction Project (APRPRP) Phase III, the Tank Reliant Irrigated Area Development ( TRIAD) project, AP Post Flood Project, AP MEPMA Project to support urban self-help groups and the Health Systems Strengthening Project.According to a news release, the state government is implementing six World Bank-assisted projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11611018", "title": "Celestial treat on Republic Day", "text": "MUMBAI: Republic a celestial Day treat will to offer Mumbaikars with a pairing of the moon and Venus.Nehru Planetarium director, Arvind Paranjape, said on January 26, Venus will be joined by a crescent moon to its right.According to Paranjape, when the thin lunar crescent is visible in the sky, one can also see the part of the moon not directly illuminated by the sunlight, but the sunlight reflected back by earth.Paranjape said that this is sometimes referred to as \"old moon in new moon's arms\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11610614", "title": "65% of budget funds used till December", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government has utilized up to 65% of the total plan outlay of Rs 14,200 crore in the first nine months of the current financial year 2011-2012. The utilization was much less in 2010-2011 during the same period-Rs 6,194 crore, which comes to 54%, was utilized during April-December 2010.Chief minister Sheila Dikshit attributed the improvement to administrative reforms. \"These include revamping of the procedure for approval from the expenditure finance committee, timely release of grants and loans, and introduction of a multilevel monitoring system. The measures will ensure timely completion of all major infrastructural projects,\" said the CM.Till December last year, Rs 9,210 crore has been utilized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11609906", "title": "VMC commissioner to propose budget tomorrow", "text": "VADODARA: Vadodara Municipal Corporaiton ( VMC) is set to propose its annual budget for the financial year 2012-13 on Wednesday. The budget is being keenly watched in the wake of ambitious announcements made by chief minister Narendra Modi for the city during his Sadbhavana Mission fast here.Sources said that several major projects promised by the chief minister during the Sadbhavana mission will be included in the budget. Modi had mentioned a Bus Rapid Transport System (BRTS), city gas system and other amenities. A book brought out on the occasion by the civic body had also mentioned four multi-speciality hospitals, gardens on public-private partnership mode and other projects.It is expected that projects like these will be included in the budget due to the announcements made at the event as well as because state elections were round the corner. The budget may not increase tax burden on the citizens significantly despite the civic body needing more money for infrastructure.Sources said that even if the municipal commissioner proposes tax hikes in the proposed budget, these may not be approved by the standing committee. The committee may strike down the hikes or bring them down.As per the procedures, the commissioner proposes the budget that is discussed at length by the standing committee. The committee has the right to amend it and then take it to the general board that is supposed to clear it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11609228", "title": "Embryonic stem cells may help in saving snow leopards: City scientist", "text": "LUCKNOW: The cultivation of embryonic stem-like cells made up from the tissue of an adult leopard, by Rajneesh Verma, has come as a ray of hope for scientists working to save the snow leopard. Rajneesh, a native of Lucknow is presently working at Monash University in Melbourne, Australia.Rajneesh has pursued his studies from City Montessori School (till Class X) and Colvin Taluqdar's (Class 12). After this he went to Australia from where he completed his BSc in biotechnology from Monash University. Having got a scholarship, he then joined MSc biotechnology, and is now a PhD student at Monash Institute of Medical Research (MIMR).Elated on the discovery, his brother Maneesh said, \"Rajneesh was fascinated with big cats since childhood. His findings prove that he is concerned about the extinction of the animal and hence putting all his efforts to save them. He will now apply the stem cell technique to other members of cat family, including the Bengal Tiger, and Jaguar.\"This study has been published in an international journal, Theriogenology. Rajneesh was supervised by Dr Paul Verma, also from MIMR.It was through the use of ear tissue samples from adult snow leopards at Mogo Zoo, in New South Wales, Australia, that the researchers have generated induced pluripotent stem cells (iPS) cells which share many properties of embryonic stem cells. Verma said that it is for the first time that iPS cells have been generated from a member of a cat family. According to him, the finding raises the possibility of cryopreservation of genetic material for future cloning and other assisted reproduction techniques.The researchers said that the finding is significant as obtaining reproductive cells, or gametes, even from animals in captivity is a herculean task. Elaborating how the stem cell can save snow leopard, Verma said, \"Stem cells can well differentiate between various cell types in the body. In other words, these cells have the potential to convert into gametes. In fact, mouse iPS cells have given birth to entire offspring.\" Hence, the study benefits the conservation of cat species, and biodiversity.The researchers further added, \"The first step in creating reproductive cells from adult tissues of an endangered animal has been accomplished by generating these stem cells. Next, we aim to harness the potential of iPS cells and create offspring. This will help to save species from extinction.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "11610216", "title": "SP appears before commission in cracker blast case", "text": "KENDRAPADA: Jagatsinghpur SP Debadutta Singh appeared before the National Scheduled Castes Commission (NSCC) in New Delhi on Monday in connection with the November 16 incident at Kujang near Paradip. Four Dalit drummers had died in the incident due to a cracker blast at a political rally organized by two senior BJD MLAs.Earlier the commission had sought a report on the plight of the Dalits. Ashok Mallick, president of National Confederation of Dalit Organisation (NCDO), had moved the commission. Mallick alleged before the commission that the authority had so far arrested one Subash Rout near Pudduchery, but not the BJD leaders including MLAs Debashish Samantray, Bishu Das and others though they organized a meeting of Biju workers' union in Paradip. The SP said he informed the commission that other accused persons will be arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11609749", "title": "CBI, vigilance case trials move at snail's pace", "text": "PATNA: Over 37 years have passed since the CBI was given the responsibility to investigate the sensational murder of the then railway minister, L N Mishra. The case is still dragging in the CBI court in Delhi.Mishra's is not the only case probed by the premier investigation agency but not taken to its logical conclusion. Between 2000-2010, the CBI took up about 96 corruption cases but only in two cases, the designated court ordered conviction of the accused persons.The speed of the probe and trial of cases by the state vigilance investigation bureau and its designated courts is also very slow. In the last two decades (1990-2010), the bureau registered altogether 1,139 cases. However, conviction orders were passed only in 25 cases after prolonged trial.All this information was provided by the CBI and state vigilance investigation bureau which had been sought under RTI Act by one Shiv Prakash Rai. \"This is an eye-opener as it clearly shows that investigations into cases by both the CBI and vigilance bureau are an eyewash,\" alleged the RTI activist.Ironically, of the 94 cases, excluding the two in which court passed orders, the CBI has submitted charge sheet in 90 cases. CBI sources said three cases were still under investigation, which were filed in 2010, and one case was closed. \"The CBI and its court are not able to do speedy investigation as well as disposal of cases,\" said JD(U) MLC Niraj Kumar. The list provided by the CBI, however, does not mention the cases related to fodder scam.Of the vigilance cases, in one case dating back to 1978, the conviction order was passed in 2008 awarding one-year sentence to supervisor Khadi Gramudyog, Gaya. A case against the in-charge of Chautham police station, Saligram Sharma, was registered in 1979, but he was awarded one-year jail term in 2010. Similarly, two cases were registered in 1986 but conviction order came in 2007.Asked about the reason for the slow pace of vigilance investigation and trial, principal secretary, vigilance, A K Chauhan refused to comment. He said, \"It is difficult to say anything off hand. I can comment on reasons for prolonged trial only after going through the cases.\" The vigilance has only three trial courts, two in Patna and one in Muzaffarpur. A senior vigilance officer said that these three trial courts are not exclusively for vigilance cases. \"We have requested the chief minister that at least these three trial courts be made full-time vigilance courts,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11610684", "title": "B-Focused ignites minds at K John Public School", "text": "NAGPUR: The K John Public School at Saoner welcomed the B-Focused workshop with much enthusiasm and warmth on Monday.\"I have been reading about the workshop in the papers ever since I knew they were coming to our school. I saw some of the activities and they seem interesting,\" said Joby Joseph, principal, K John Public School.Around 100 students of class IX and X, some of whom had come from the Nagpur branch of the school, took part in the workshop. The programme started with a video which focused on the importance of the faculties of our mind.An activity involving team work and memory was the next in the list which kept the students engaged. Team leaders had to explain their team mates an image which was shown to them and based on those instructions, the team had to draw the image. The drawing which resembled the original image turned winner.\"Such interactive activities help children imbibe the values of team work and the importance of aptitude. The out of class learning, away from the books is what attracts the youngsters most,\" said Sunaina Saraf, trainer, Workskills Training Academy (WTA).Shobha Dhanwatay, director, WTA said, \"The right attitude gives confidence and leads to success in life. Students should work on having a positive attitude that will brand themselves as distinguished personalities and this is what we aim at through the workshop.\"QuotesIt is very good that children are getting information about various career choices. This is more important here, as this is a rural area and the kids don't have much exposure. Great thought by the Times Group.Joby Joseph | PrincipalThe workshop was really good. The activities were interesting and even more as my team won one of them. A good, coordinated team work makes any work much easier.Srujana Sista | IXBefore the workshop, I was sure that I was going to sleep during the whole time. But as it was interactive and didn't have any boring lectures, I enjoyed it thoroughly, learning a great deal in the process.Pooja Yadav | IXI liked the puzzle activity the best. The workshop emphasized on concentration of the mind. It also proved to be an exercise of our brains as we had to use all the faculties of the mind to perform the tasks.Juhi Rajak | IXThe workshop showed that learning can be fun too. It helped in increasing confidence and showed the importance of personality development and setting short-term goals.Harshal Patel |IXThe most important thing I learnt during the workshop was about team work: How to help each other in order to enhance everybody's work for the benefit of the team.Chinmay Deshmukh | X", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11607481", "title": "Kidnapped minor rescued in Campal", "text": "PANAJI:An eight-year-old girl was kidnapped from her residence on Sunday afternoon and taken behind the bushes at Gymkhana, Campal, where she started crying loudly.Hearing her cries, a crowd gathered and the Panaji police were called. The mother of the victim complained to the police that on Sunday between 2.30pm and 6.30pm, 36-year-old accused, Kishan Singh, came to meet their neighbor in Taleigao. Seeing the minor alone, he kidnapped her on the pretext of taking her to her mother who was away at work.Instead, he took the minor behind the bushes at Gymkhana with malafide intentions. The accused was arrested and a case has been registered against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11611182", "title": "Clueless Congressmen applaud Pranab Mukherjee's daughter", "text": "CHENNAI: Congressmen clad in white dhotis braved a nip in the air to applaud a performance by Kathak dancer Sharmistha Mukherjee in the city Monday night. While Sharmistha is a well-known exponent of the classical dance form and the presentation was splendid , the Congressmen's enthusiasm for the performance could have had something to do with the fact that she is also the daughter of Union finance minister and senior Congress leader Pranab Mukherjee .Sharmistha performed at Naradha Gana Sabha in Alwarpet on invitation by Congress Member of Parliament J M Haaroon. \"Chennai is the dance capital of the country. I am honoured to perform in a city where dance has always been given great importance,\" Sharmistha said. \"I hope to perform more shows here.\"High profile members of the audience included Tamil Nadu governor K Rosaiah, who was the chief guest, actor Kamal Haasan, Bharatanatyam dancer Padma Subramanyam and Annamalai University pro-chancellor M A M Ramaswamy.\"The performance was great. She blended Indian classical dance with western forms and it was excellent,\" said Kamal. Except for a small section of the audience that comprised actors and dancers,2012/01/23,Anu babu kurian1 and the city's prominent Bengalis, who occupied the first two rows of the air-conditioned auditorium, the other seats were taken by Congressmen. While the Congressmen were visibly excited about the performance by the Union minister's daughter, they were evidently not in their element. Some even started to clap before Sharmistha and the dancers accompanying her were through with the routine, assuming that the show had ended.\"We thought it would be similar to Bharathanatyam but were unable to understand anything because the music was Hindustani. But we came because the performance was by the daughter of a senior leader of the party,\" said a Congress leader, requesting that he not be named.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11609911", "title": "Army refuses to destroy explosives seized by Punjab Police", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Army's Western Command has made it clear that it has no intentions to destroy the huge stocks of RDX and other explosives lying in malkhanas of Punjab police at various police stations of the state because it has already trained the to destroy such ammunition.The response has come in the wake of a public interest litigation (PIL) seeking directions for disposing off huge stocks of RDX stocks and other explosive materials lying as \"case properties\" in police stations all over Punjab. In an affidavit placed before the HC on Monday, Colonel Rajiv Khanna of Western Command headquarters, Chandimandir, stated that the ministry of defence (MOD) has made several requests to Punjab governments that they should raise their own bomb disposal squads because Army resources for disposal of explosives are limited and mostly committed operationally; and to deal with such kind of situations is not the primary task of the Army. \"The only practical way to resolve this matter is that Punjab police should develop its own capability in the field of destruction/disposal of explosives. Army could provide further necessary training for this purpose on specific request from the police,\" he informed.Colonel Khanna further stated that Army has given training to 59 Punjab police personnel from constable to inspector rank in bomb disposal tasks and these officials can be deployed to destroy the seized material. He also disclosed that selected personnel were also provided on training with the Army bomb disposal team involved in Operation Sanyam (where huge stocks of explosives lying at Dhadari Kalan Dry Port, Ludhiana were destroyed by the Army), thereby these personnel are fully competent to deal with the situation.Petitioner in this case had alleged that the Army authorities were not responding to the pleas of Punjab police for destroying the huge stocks of RDX and other explosives lying in police malkhanas. After placing on record Army's affidavit, HC adjourned the matter for January 27 for further hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11611149", "title": "Deadline for Manali port road project is June 2013", "text": "CHENNAI: The much-delayed Ennore-Manali Road Improvement Project (EMRIP), now has a new deadline for its completion: June 2013.Union shipping minister G K Vasan said the project, which was conceived in 1998, would be completed in the new timeframe and the authorities involved will ensure that the project is not delayed anymore. Work on the Rs 600-crore project started 10 years ago and the delay has compounded the traffic woes of the north Chennai region and the Chennai port.Vasan had a meeting with C P Joshi, the Union minister for road transport and highways, and senior state government officials in the city on Monday to discuss the immediate completion of EMRIP.\"There were many hurdles and the delay affected trade and transportation. Today's meet with state government and NHAI ensured that such delays will not repeat in the further development of the project,\" Vasan said. Joshi said the work of EMRIP and Chennai Port-Maduravoyal elevated corridors are in progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11610605", "title": "Only 2 ministers, Dikshit turn up for cabinet meet", "text": "NEW DELHI: With four cabinet ministers campaigning outside the state, the Delhi cabinet's meeting on Monday was attended by chief minister Sheila Dikshit , social welfare minister Kiran Walia and labour minister Ramakant Goswami.The cabinet did not discuss any major issue but decided to modify certain provisions in the Delhi Government Employees Health Scheme (DGEHS) to extend cashless medical facilities at empanelled private hospitals free of cost to former Delhi MLAs, retired judges of the high court, senior officers of the city government and their family members.Health and urban development minister A K Walia, PWD Minister Raj Kumar Chauhan, power and food and civil supplies minister Harun Yusuf, and transport and education minister Arvinder Singh Lovely were all busy campaigning for Congress candidates in the poll-bound states. Dikshit, who had gone to Uttarakhand, came back to the city on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11612998", "title": "Party fever at Tantra, The Park", "text": "It was time to let go of inhibitions and bask in the party fever at Tantra, The Park, on a weekend.With DJs Hussain, Joy and Vishal getting busy at the console, the crowd made the most of the dance floor. They moved, grooved and boy, did they party. We spotted a firang babe making crazy moves on the floor as her friends looked on. Designer Abhishek Dutta dropped in for some time at the party", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11610903", "title": "Cops: NOTW lied, hacked for scoops on missing girl", "text": "LONDON: News of the World journalists used phone hacking, harassment and lies to secure scoops on missing British schoolgirl Milly Dowler, police reported Monday, detailing a litany of abusive press practices.In one incident, someone impersonated the teen's mother and called a potential witness to ask for information about the 13-year-old, who was found dead months later in September 2002. British police did not specify who made the bogus call.The new details about the News of the World's relentless pursuit of information about the Dowler case, revealed in a letter to lawmakers released Monday, illuminate one of the most sordid episodes of the British phone hacking saga.The scandal over illegal practices at the now-defunct tabloid exploded in July after the Guardian newspaper reported that the News of the World had intercepted Milly Dowler's voicemail messages while she was still considered missing.Surrey police deputy chief constable Jerry Kirkbysaid in the letter that the News of the World freely admitted to police that NOTW had broken into Milly Dowler's voicemail, saying they had obtained her cell phone number and password from fellow schoolchildren.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11611156", "title": "\u2018Women and girls run away due to pressures\u2019", "text": "MYSORE: Inter-personal relationship and academic pressures are the major reasons for girls and women going missing, said police commissioner Sunil Agarwal on Monday.Speaking at a two-day state-level seminar on 'Missing Girls and Women: Issues and Implications' hosted by Karnataka State Commission for Women and Centre for Study of Social Exclusion and Inclusive Policy, University of Mysore, he said: \"After the Supreme Court order in 2002 regarding a case of a missing minor girl in Delhi, cases of missing girls and women were taken seriously. In Mysore, in 2008-09 the crime detection case was at a meager 33%, but later, it improved drastically. In 2011, we have managed to detect 80% of the cases,\" Agarwal said.\"We are taking missing cases very seriously. During our monthly crime review meeting we devote 30 to 45 minutes for missing related issues alone,\" added Agarwal. Once a missing complaint is registered, the SI takes up the case. If he or she fails to detect it in six months, it will be taken up by the inspector. The case will be viewed on par with serious crimes like murder, the commissioner said.To take up missing cases more seriously, Sunil Agarwal came out with a book which contained circular instruction and standing orders for missing cases. He circulated the book to all police stations. Four categories of missing cases were booked in Mysore city-girls below 18 years, girls above 18 years, boys below 18 years and boys above 18 years.In 2009, in girls below 18 years category, 102 missing cases were booked in which 87 cases were detected; in 2010, 103 cases were reported of which 77 are detected. In 2011, 114 cases were reported and of which 89 were detected.In women 18 years above in 2009, 138 cases reported and 111 detected. In 2010, 216 cases reported, 158 detected and in 2011, 214 cases reported, 117 detected. In both the cases nearly 70% of them went missing due to inter-personal relationship problems and academic pressures. Other reasons are like harassment, domestic violence, unemployment , problems with kids, health, pilgrimage, problems related to mental health , family problems, etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "11611017", "title": "Netaji\u2019s speeches still ring in his ears", "text": "BELGAUM: Freedom fighter Subhash Chandra Bose's famous slogan \"tum mujhe khoon do, main tumain azaadi dunga\" (give me blood, and I will give you freedom) still ring in Gundu Savaba Shinde's ears.The centenarian freedom fighter from Mamadapur village in Chikkodi taluk was part of Indian National Army (INA), also called as Azad Hind Fauj, from May 6, 1940, to March 24, 1946 and fought with the British. He met Netaji several times and was greatly inspired by his speeches.Now, he is bedridden. Shinde joined INA at the recruitments held in West Bengal in 1940 and was trained in the use of rifles, pistols, hand grenade and bayonets along with reading maps and signalling at the Azad School of Training. Gundu Shinde's memory is failing him. But, there are documents which proves his service in the INA. One of them is the letter posted on April 24, 1954, to the military centre of Jabalpur in Madhya Pradesh. Gundu Shinde's son, Kiran Shinde, tahsildar in Sangli district, Maharashtra, said \"my father was injured once in the war while he was in Burma and came home for six months to recuperate. I don't recollect the exact date of that incident. But he would often tell of his stints with the INA.\"Shinde's spent most of his service with the INA in Burma, fighting the British during the Second World War. After Japan surrendered to the British in 1945, soldiers in the INA were imprisoned and housed in a jail in Berlin .Post Independence, they were released following the efforts of then Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru . After independence, the government recruited Shinde in the police department where he served for 22 years and retired in 1978.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11610740", "title": "Rs 2,000 cr MNC projects cleared", "text": "GURGAON: Amid reports of economic slowdown, Haryana cleared 19 proposals for allotment of land for Rs 2,000 crore worth of projects for top MNCs and Indian corporates on Monday. About 26 acres land has been allotted to Pepsico India at Barwala/ Manakpur for setting up a bottling unit for non-alcoholic beverages. The project would be set up on 40 acres and involve a capital layout of Rs 1,000 crore.Besides this, the allotments were finalized for projects in IMT Manesar, Growth Centre Bawal, IMT Rohtak, industrial estates of Rai, Kundli, Bahadurgarh and Barhi. Rajeev Arora, Haryana State Industrial and Infrastructure Development Corporation (HSIIDC) managing director, said, \"While these projects would lend depth and range to the industrial scene in Haryana, the entrepreneurs investing would be the ultimate gainers.\"The companies which have been sanctioned plots include AISIN, Nippon Carbide and Asti of Japan, Kerry of Ireland and Pepsico of US. Besides these, leading companies such as Luminous, Lumax, Century Metal, Roulound Brakings, JD Engineering and Toyo Springs have also been allotted plots. The projects to be set up on the plots deal with automobile components, water purification equipment, fabric and garments, food and pharmaceutical, ready-to-eat cereals/foods, electrical components and dairy products.An HSIIDC official said that Roulunds Braking has also been allotted three acres in industrial estate in Kundli for manufacturing of disk brake pads with an investment of Rs 77 crore. Similarly, the HSIIDC allotted 25 acres to AISIN Automotive for manufacturing auto parts at IMT Rohtak. The project would involve a capital investment of about Rs 380 crore.In Bawal, industrial area close to Rewari, the HSIIDC has allotted five acres to Nippon Carbide to set up a unit for manufacturing stickers/ labels. Another Japanese MNC, Asti Electronics, has also been allotted land in IMT Manesar for expansion of its existing components, with a proposed investment of Rs 25 crore.\"We are hopeful of the companies taking up these projects and starting to invest. There has been huge interest from both domestic and international players to invest in Haryana,\" said a top government official. He added that some of the Japanese investors had even met the state chief minister when Haryana participated in the investment road show in Tokyo last September.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "11608930", "title": "Cops, flying squad nab 3 persons, recover cash", "text": "BAHRAICH: The police and the flying squad team nabbed the people at Kashi Ram residential colonies in Balrampur as they were asking for vote in cash for Bahujan Samaj Party . The police recovered Rs 7,770 in cash, the BSP symbol and three flags with the photo of Mayawati it.Their vehicle has been seized though they were later released. The place from where they were caught buying the votes is a part of Balrampur reserved assembly area and Ramsagar Akela is the candidate from this area. Inspector Kotwali dehat CP Singh and the acting magistrate Anjani Kumar Srivastava were informed about the episode of distributing the money for vote at Kashi Ram residential colonies at Suhaginpurwa (Balrampur).The police reached there with the team of flying squad and found a Qualis standing on the road.The driver told that Raj Kumar Srivastava, Ashok Kumar Pandey and Anjum have come here by the car and went in the colony.The acting magistrate told that all three of them were showing the flags bearing the photo of elephant to the crowds and asking to vote in cash.All of them were caught and Rs 7,770 recovered from their possession.They were brought to the police station, but later released.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11610773", "title": "Criminal held for threatening woman", "text": "NAGPUR: Lakadganj police have arrested former accused of Maharashtra Control of Organized Crime Act (MCOCA) Santosh Valke, alias Maruti Nowa, for issuing threats to a woman on Monday.Nowa, booked for murder last year, apparently warned the woman of dire consequences which led to his arrest.Police said that Nowa's wrath fell on the woman, who owned a beauty salon, after she exposed his regular visit to her place before the goon's girlfriend. Nowa's girlfriend, who also owned a salon, apparently had learnt that her beau made trips to the woman's place.Police said that Nowa's girlfriend was upset with him after his cheating came to fore. They had an altercation too on the issue. This enraged Nowa who threatened the woman. The woman, feeling jittery after the threat, met the senior police inspector Pramod Makkeshwar at Lakadganj police station.Makkeshwar apparently rounded up the goon and placed him behind the bars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11609362", "title": "Additional forces deployed to stop illegal mining in Alwar", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government on Monday deployed additional forces a day after the attack on policemen who were raiding illegal mining activities at Kahrani village in Alwar district.Around 300 policemen with arms and ammunition from seven police stations have been added to the team that is taking action against the illegal mining in the area. The additional superintendent of police (ASP) is on the field inspecting the action.A 50-member team that went to stop the illegal mining at Kahrani village in Alwar on Sunday was attacked by the illegal miners injuring more than six policemen.\"To prevent any such incidents in the future, we have beefed up the security arrangements. All policemen are now armed and will take appropriate action if attacked by the mine mafias now. We are following the Supreme Court's instruction and no interruption will be tolerated,\" Bhiwadi ASP Himat Singh said.More enforcement officials are also put on duty to expedite the process. The Rajasthan-Haryana border is under strict surveillance and all suspicious truck carrying illegally mined stones are being seized. In an action taken on Monday, three dumpers carrying stones illegally were seized and a case was registered at Tijara police station. Walls are also under construction at many places so that no unlicensed trucks can pass through.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11609786", "title": "Dalits groups protest against Ambedkar statue shifting", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka Dalit Sangharsha Samithi (DSS) threatened to launch a statewide protest condemning the government for shifting the Ambedkar statue for Metro construction work.The DSS and other backward class groups marched from the Mahatma Gandhi statue on MG road to Raj Bhavan on Monday and submitted a memorandum to the governor.Last week, the state cabinet gave the green signal for temporary shifting of the statue inside the Vidhana Soudha premises as has been done to two other statues by the Public Works Department. The BMRC promised to install the three statues at the same positions after construction work is completed and road is laid atop the underground station.The BMRC has prrojected a cost escalation of Rs 100 crore if the project is delayed. Rock blasting has not been conducted in a radius of 25 metres around the statue to prevent any damage to the foundation. The twin tunnels being bored from Majestic have already reached Central College and the distance between Central College and Vidhana Soudha is less than 1km.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11614588", "title": "Allegations of score moderation in DU", "text": "Results of the first semester exams in Delhi University has sparked allegations of score moderation by the authorities. Vatsala Shrangi reportsThe first semester results of Delhi University (DU), where students have scored unprecedented high marks even in subjects like humanities, has spurred a debate between the faculty and the administration.While a number of teachers allege that the high scores in economics, social sciences and even in language papers have been moderated, the varsity officials chose to remain tight-lipped on the matter.The Delhi University Teachers Association (DUTA) recently protested the issue outside the vice-chancellors office. The DUTA members have brought out a graphical presentation showing how the marks have been inflated in theory papers of economics.Abha D Habib, member DUTA and professor of physics, Miranda House, says, In order to show that the semester system is a success, the university is moderating the marks of students beyond the standard limit. For example, a majority of students have scored 75 where the actual numbers were between 71 and 75. A total of 179 students have got a score of 75 in economics theory paper III, 119 in paper I, while only 30-40 students have scored between 70 and 71 in both papers.The discussion on the inflated marks by the university has sparked a debate on the official DU Facebook page as well.It is shocking to know people have got full marks in BA (honours) Urdu and philosophy. I dont think the university needs teachers anymore for any kind of evaluation; a suitably programmed computer can easily produce such results, read a post by a teacher of Hindu College.Another group of students who had secured less than 40% marks required to pass in individual papers, were also protesting over the issue. A physics professor of Ramjas College who did not wish to be named, says, This is a difficult scenario. While a good number of students have scored unusually high, there are students from the sciences who have been protesting on not being awarded even passing marks when they have secured marks just on the border. A number of students from BSc, physical sciences have not cleared their papers too. There is an issue in evaluation, which must be sorted.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11609538", "title": "Legal fraternity toughens stand over higher education bill", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Bar Council of India (BCI), the apex body representing 1.7million lawyers across India, on Monday threatened agitation if the government persisted with its ill-conceived move to tinker with the autonomy of the BCI and the state Bar Councils. Chairman of the state bar council of Punjab and Haryana, Lekh Raj Sharma, said, \"We had one-day meeting of the chairmen and vice-chairmen of all bar councils on Monday in Delhi. All of them have condemned the bill. There is no way we will accept any move by the Centre to change or tinker with the Advocates Act. We are also opposed to any hidden agency that will facilitate the influx of any foreign law firms in India.\"He also said that the bar council of Punjab and Haryana will soon meet to discuss the issues confronting the judiciary and the legal fraternity.All chairmen of state bar vouncil unanimously oppose and condemned the new bill andthey are determined to get Advocates Act excluded from the Higher Education and Research Bill, \" Zafar Ahmed Khan, Vice Chairman, BCI stated, echoing the same sentiments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11609718", "title": "13 Pakistanis in Sabarmati jail to meet Pak envoy", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A group of 13 jail inmates of Pakistan origin lodged at Sabarmati central jail were taken in a special convoy to Jaipur where they will meet members of Pakistan and Indian embassy. The move has been taken to hear the prisoners' pleas, said officials.According to Sabarmati jail authorities, the prisoners include Shahnawaz Bhatti, accused in RDX peddling case, who was caught in Kutch while crossing the border in 2003 by security forces. Responsibility of the entire travel has been given to city police headquarters and city crime branch. \"Prisoners lodged in Kutch jail are also expected to join them in Jaipur where they will meet the representatives and describe their condition in Indian jails. Further dialogue will take place between authorities of both the countries,\" said a senior state police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11611104", "title": "First International NE Literary Festival promises freedom of speech", "text": "GUWAHATI: Under the tutelage of noted writers and intellectuals, the First International North East Literary Festival will be an open platform where impetus will be given to freedom of expression. The festival, the first- of-its-kind in the northeast to be held this year, will also provide a podium to budding writers in both vernacular and English languages to showcase their talent.The event comes close on the heels of the recent controversy concerning Salman Rushdie who had to cancel his tour to India in view of an alleged assassination plot.The progenitor of the International North East Literary Festival, Professor Rita Choudhury, said she and her organization \" Adhar Silla\" will not bow down to any pressure or threat if they had to invite any controversial literary personality.\"A writer's first job is to seek the truth. And for that to happen, courage is a necessary element no matter what. When I was writing 'Makum', I was told by a few people that it would get me into trouble, but that didn't deter me in finding the truth about the afflicted people who had to suffer just because of the callousness of some people at the highest level. Keeping that in mind, my fellow colleagues in the organization and myself came to the conclusion that the literary event will be an event of free speech and will never be afraid to invite controversial figure whatsoever,\" said Rita Choudhury, whose last novel had invited controversy.Rakhee Morale, professor of English, Cotton College, said, \"I support Rita's cause in swaying the flag of free speech through the literature festival, and especially in an age where intolerance is being given a new impetus. The Rushdie episode shouldn't have happened. Writers are free thinking people and they should be given the permission to mix history and fiction. We need such an event as we have so many writers and intellectuals. It will boost for our literary pursuits.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11610411", "title": "Ceiling collapse: 1 injured, villagers stall work", "text": "NOIDA: Barely six months after villagers of Nangli Wazidpur - near Noida-Greater Noida Expressway - complained of cracks in their houses due to heavy construction activity in the vicinity, a villager was injured when a part of his ceiling collapsed because of the constant vibrations on Monday. Enraged villagers stormed the group-housing construction site in Sector 134 and stalled work to protest the extensive damage being caused to their houses. The situation was brought under control after police intervention.Ramesh, a resident of Wazidpur, received head injuries after a portion of the roof fell on him. \"The incident occurred around 4.30 am on Monday while everyone was asleep. We were both shocked and scared,\" said Suresh Chauhan, a villager.This is the second such instance in the last six months, villagers allege. In June last year, villagers had halted construction work on the same project. At that time, they had complained that portions of their houses had been damaged by vibrations caused due to constant drilling activity by workers engaged in laying underground piles. \"Many of our houses have developed cracks because of the heavy machinery being used for construction,\" said Chauhan. \"At the time of the first incident, the developer had promised to address the concerns of the villagers and minimise the effects of the construction activity but so far nothing has happened,\" lamented another villager, Shyam Singh.The villagers also said that the developer had promised to reduce construction work timings while assuring them that wide trenches would be dug between the project site and the villages and the pits would be filled with shock-absorbing materials to reduce the effects of vibrations. \"Experts from the construction company were supposed to visit our village to compile a list of damages and compensate by way of mending and repair,\" said Chauhan. \"They were just empty promises since no one has visited us,\" he added.Meanwhile, the police claimed that villagers were trying to make money out of the situation. Company officials have been apprised of the problem and they have assured to repair any damages caused to the houses, he said. \"Officials have promised to visit the site and sort out the matter,\" said Bachhu Singh, phase II police station.\"Even last year when it was brought to our notice, we not only repaired the damages but also adopted safer methods of construction,\" said a company spokesperson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11616360", "title": "13/7 arrests have exposed 'Bihar connection': Raj Thackeray", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) chief Raj Thackeray on Tuesday launched a fresh attack on north Indians, singling out the arrest of terrorists from Bihar, in the 13/7 serial blasts case.\"I have been saying that due to influx of north Indians, terror activities are on the rise. The arrest of terrorists hailing from Bihar yesterday, in the 13/7 serial blasts case, has confirmed my claim,\" Raj told reporters here.\"The Bihar connection in 13/7 case has been exposed. Will someone pay attention towards it or not? I don't know why a fuss is made over my statements,\" he added.On the warning, issued by the State Election Commissioner Neela Satyanarayan about cancelling the registration of his party, Raj said, \"Can we not ask questions to the Election Commission?\"\"If deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar can get away by tendering an apology, I hope the commission will also give the same opportunity to others,\" he said, adding that he has not insulted the State Election Commission .\"I only want it to be impartial,\" he said. Backing Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi , who last year invited him to tour the state, as the Prime Ministerial candidate, Raj said, \"If people from my party get elected as MPs, I will support Modi for the Prime Minister's post.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11608217", "title": "Declare TCP hearings null and void, demands PCF", "text": "PANAJI: The Pilerne citizens forum (PCF) on Monday demanded that the office of the Goa chief electoral officer conduct an inquiry into the public hearings on the regional plan 2021 by the town and country planning department when the model code of conduct was in force.Addressing the media, the PCF demanded that the CEO declare all such public hearings as well as the construction licenses given by the TCP when the model code of conducts was in force, as null and void.PCF spokesperson Yatish Naik said that it was the PCF intervention that prompted the chief electoral officer to order the TCP to stop the public hearings on the RP2021 when the code of conduct was in force. While appreciating the prompt action of the CEO's office, Naik said, \"Now the CEO must inquire at whose behest the public hearings were held and who stood to benefit from the hearings. The public hearings and all construction licenses given during the code of conduct should be declared null and void.\"PCF president Prakash Bandodkar also said that the PCF had given a detailed representation to the election authorities in Goa urging them to stop the TCP's public hearings on the RP2021. Bandodkar said the PCF had also faxed copies of the representation to the election commission of India and all this prompted the Goa CEO to order a stop to the public hearings.The PCF, which is a component of the Zagrut Goenkarancho Ekvott, said the names of more candidates who will contest the March assembly elections as independents but supported by the ZGE, will be announced soon. The ZGE has till date announced seven candidates including the first Goan priest Bismarque Dias.Elections 2012 NewsGoa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11609767", "title": "CBI, vigilance case trials move at snail's pace", "text": "PATNA: Over 37 years have passed since the CBI was given the responsibility to investigate the sensational murder of the then railway minister, L N Mishra. The case is still dragging in the CBI court in Delhi.Mishra's is not the only case probed by the premier investigation agency but not taken to its logical conclusion. Between 2000-2010, the CBI took up about 96 corruption cases but only in two cases, the designated court ordered conviction of the accused persons.The speed of the probe and trial of cases by the state vigilance investigation bureau and its designated courts is also very slow. In the last two decades (1990-2010), the bureau registered altogether 1,139 cases. However, conviction orders were passed only in 25 cases after prolonged trial.All this information was provided by the CBI and state vigilance investigation bureau which had been sought under RTI Act by one Shiv Prakash Rai. \"This is an eye-opener as it clearly shows that investigations into cases by both the CBI and vigilance bureau are an eyewash,\" alleged the RTI activist.Ironically, of the 94 cases, excluding the two in which court passed orders, the CBI has submitted charge sheet in 90 cases. CBI sources said three cases were still under investigation, which were filed in 2010, and one case was closed. \"The CBI and its court are not able to do speedy investigation as well as disposal of cases,\" said JD(U) MLC Niraj Kumar. The list provided by the CBI, however, does not mention the cases related to fodder scam.Of the vigilance cases, in one case dating back to 1978, the conviction order was passed in 2008 awarding one-year sentence to supervisor Khadi Gramudyog, Gaya. A case against the in-charge of Chautham police station, Saligram Sharma, was registered in 1979, but he was awarded one-year jail term in 2010. Similarly, two cases were registered in 1986 but conviction order came in 2007.Asked about the reason for the slow pace of vigilance investigation and trial, principal secretary, vigilance, A K Chauhan refused to comment. He said, \"It is difficult to say anything off hand. I can comment on reasons for prolonged trial only after going through the cases.\" The vigilance has only three trial courts, two in Patna and one in Muzaffarpur. A senior vigilance officer said that these three trial courts are not exclusively for vigilance cases. \"We have requested the chief minister that at least these three trial courts be made full-time vigilance courts,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "11610788", "title": "Seminar seeks changes in consumer act", "text": "AKOLA: Justice Madan Joshi, the judge of the Aurangabad Bench of Bombay High Court strongly asserted that the consumer movement can be made dynamic through organizing seminars and symposiums.Delivering the key note address at a ceremony for completing 25 years of Consumer Protection Act organized by the district branch of Akhil Bhartiya Grahak Panchayat here on Sunday, he said that the act was amended twice to meet the needs of consumers and the act is the best one in the present scenario and in the interest of consumerism.Participating in the seminar, Sudhakarrao Jakate, national executive member of Akhil Bhartiya Grahak Panchayat demanded a separate ministry for consumer protection.Advocate Subhash Takhur made the introductory speech.A K Gunjotikar, principal district judge highlighted various aspects of Consumer Protection Act.Changes in the act, contribution of NGOs and utility of the act were discussed in the seminar.Premchand Mishrikotkar, president of Akola Consumer Dispute Redressal Forum, Rajiv Patil of Buldhana District Forum, Ram Somani of Wardha Forum and Shekhar Surjuse of Amravti, advocates B K Gandhi and Motising Mohta -- members of the Bar Council of Maharashtra and Goa were present.Litterateur-activist laments commercializationAkola: Vasant Pahake, designated chairman of Akhil Bhartiya Marathi Sahitya Sammelan has lamented that the efforts for changing the social environment (management) in the context of various issues as the selfishness and loneliness have been surfaced in every sphere of life (on Sunday).He said that instead of unity in the society, the culture of marketisation and commercialization is being spread. Replying to the civic felicitation, he said that social environment should be able to meet the needs of the contemporary society. Vidarbha Sahitya Sangh branch Akola, Babuji Deshmukh Vachnalaya and other social organisations organized the civic reception.Prof. Narayan Kulkarni, poet Kawthekar chaired the ceremony. Noted poet and litterateur Vasant Dahake was felicitated by Narayan Kulkarni Kawthekar.Padma Mandavgane, working president of Akola branch of VSS, Bhausaheb Mandavgane, chairman Akola Education Society were present. Seema Rothe conducted the function while Anurag Mishra proposed a vote of thanks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11608976", "title": "TRS threatens to move privilege motion against govt", "text": "HYDERABAD: Accusing the state government of failing to lift cases foisted on students who had participated in the separate statehood movement, Telangana Rashtra Samithi deputy floor leader T Harish Rao on Monday threatened to move a breach of privilege motion against the home department for failing to honour assurances made in the legislative assembly.Addressing the media, Rao said that the Seemandhra government has continued to deprive students from the Telangana region of their rightful share in the ongoing recruitments to various government jobs.\"This government has the habit of forgetting its promises soon after they are made. It is yet to fulfill its assurance on implementing clause 14F citing non-receipt of the court order.Police inspectors from the region continue to suffer due to government apathy. This government continues to deprive our children of their rightful share in government jobs,\" he said.Meanwhile, student leader Balka Suman, who is facing dozens of criminal cases for his role in the movement, Monday filed an RTI application with the public information officer at the DGP's office seeking details of the number of cases registered against students in the Telangana districts since November 29, 2009 and the number of students arrested and released on bail.He sought to know details of the number of students still in police custody in all Telangana districts. The applicant also wanted specific information on the number of registered cases that were withdrawn following a decision by the Union government.Earlier on Monday, Telangana Telugu Desam Forum convenor E Dayakar Rao threatened to launch a fresh agitation against the state government for its failure to withdraw cases against student agitators.\"We will move a privilege notice against the government for failing to honour its promise on the lifting of police cases against Telangana students and activists. The state government is deliberately dithering on the issue.\"Students are being told that they will not be eligible for government jobs if there are criminal cases against them. We will not tolerate any injustice against the students from Telangana,\" he warned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11609233", "title": "'Encroachments, bad roads worsen traffic situation'", "text": "NASHIK: The whole patch of road from Bytco to Devlaligaon is in a state of utter chaos. Encroachments pose a major problem in addition to the terrible traffic situation, autorickshaw menace, and unclean roads. Poor roads add to the woes of residents living in the area between Anuradha Talkies and Devlaligaon (ward 95).Every lane of this patch has encroachments of sorts, in addition to those conducting their business bang on the footpath.Local resident Meena Rohilla said, \"Footpaths are meant for pedestrians, but we have hardly got a chance to use them from the time they were constructed. Also, the gaps on the dividers are so big that many vehicles often try to cross over to the other side of the road by making illegal turns. Walking down this road has become very difficult.\"Another resident, Anand Patil, said that the encroachers leave all the waste by the roadside. \"The flower sellers throw rotten flowers by the footpath. But it is the encroachment and traffic that is worrisome,\" he said, adding, \"The road by itself is not very narrow, but the illegal shops and hawkers make it difficult for the common man.\"Sitting corporator of the ward, Aslam Maniyar (Shiv Sena), agreed that despite repeated attempts, the problem of encroachment could not be resolved. He added that he was aware of the fact that persons travelling from Anuradha Talkies to Devlaligaon and Vihitgaon have to encounter many traffic problems to reach their destination.\"Many notices have been issued by the anti-encroachment department of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) to the encroachers, but they keep coming back because most of them have political backing,\" he said.About the roads, he said that an 18m road has been approved from Anuradha Talkies to Artillery Centre, but the work is yet to begin.\"Raj Thackeray had inaugurated (performed bhoomi poojan of) the road from Devlaligaon to Vihitgaon nearly 10 years back (while he was still in the Shiv Sena ), but the road has not yet been constructed because the encroachments on this patch have not yet been removed. This road has underground cables. Despite notices by the NMC, the encroachers refuse to go. The roads are in a very bad shape,\" he said.When asked the reason for the delay and the solution to this issue, Maniyar said that most of the encroachers had political support and that the solution is for politicians to keep a tab on this. \"If politicians keep a check on encroachments, the city will be free from this menace,\" he said, promising a better and more developed ward if re-elected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11609206", "title": "Last day for filing ZP nominations uneventful", "text": "NASHIK: Till 2pm on Monday, the last day for filing nominations for the zilla parishad polls, when the final caste validation certificates were inked by the collector, the candidates willing to contest the zilla parishad and panchayat samiti elections were on tenterhooks.Subsequently, the validation process of the social justice department, which had temporarily been shifted to the collectorate, was shifted back.According to district social welfare officer R Bansode, \"All the applications have been processed. Of the total 1,379 applications received, barring 70 that had serious anomalies, every certificate has been inked and is ready for distribution. Nearly 400 certificates still lay unclaimed with us.\"Applications for the validation process were filed in the month of October with the validation committee, which was set up under the chairmanship of the collector. The committee had received 1,319 applications for the process, officials said.\"The validation committee headed by the divisional social welfare officer was set up to examine applications for the Nashik Municipal Corporation elections. It handed over 70 cases to the district committee since they were linked to the zilla parishad and panchayat samiti elections. Thus the total went up to 1,379,\" Bansode said.Of the applications received, there were several instances where nearly five members of the same family had filed their candidacy. This put tremendous load on the official machinery, which was fighting against time, the officer said. The cases that were held back didn't have proper documents accompanying them.On Friday, however, the contestants - feeling uneasy over non-receipt of the certificates - realised that their names were neither in the list of names withheld or even the ones whose certificates have been prepared. They even gheraoed the deputy collector (administration) over the issue. This triggered allegations against the officials that sparked fireworks among the officers in the collectorate.On Monday, the things were settled, the official informed adding nearly 400 certificates are ready but yet to be picked up by the people concerned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11610819", "title": "Unauthorized vendors back at railway station", "text": "NAGPUR: The Central Railway has drastically curtailed its food and snacks' supply through its base kitchen at Nagpur following shortage of staff, and passengers are bearing its brunt. Those travelling by trains without pantry cars are either having to go hungry or are the mercy of unauthorized vendors.Since January 6, the 11 trolleys, including 3 selling meals and 7 selling snacks, have become non-functional. Besides, the most popular 'janata khana' consisting of 'puri-bhaji' is also in short supply. Earlier, over 2,000 'janata khana' packs were supplied daily. \"It has come down to 200 packs recently,\" said a source.They said the base kitchen is being managed with strength of 45 staffers. It includes 27 cleaners, 10 cooks and 6 supervisors. On May 19, last when the railways took over the catering services from Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC), it was expected that passengers would get quality food. But after initial good work, things seem to be going from bad to worse.In the past few days, TOI found that unauthorized vendors, who were reined in by senior divisional security commissioner A Ibrahim Sheriff after he took over, have once again become active. Sale of unauthorized food and snacks and even fruits is rampant.Central Railway public relations officer (PRO) PD Patil denied that unauthorized vendors were active but he also expressed helplessness of the railways in going fully operational.\"We plan to improve the situation once the base kitchen at Nagpur is modernized. It will require less manpower. The process to revamp base kitchen at Nagpur is on,\" said Patil.The Central Railway, which used to earn Rs80,000 daily from catering services, has slipped to Rs32,000 daily in the past 10-15 days. The base kitchen is supplying food to three Duronto trains and the Jan Aahar restaurant. The restaurant, which used to provide over two dozen specialities, has limited itself to 6-7 items these days.Sheriff says there have been reports from railway stall owners that their sales have increased after RPF action against unauthorized vendors in the past. \"Yet, if unauthorized vendors are back, we will ensure that they are driven out,\" he told TOI.B D Ippar, in charge of RPF thana at the railway station, said he has registered over 100 offences against unauthorized vendors in January alone. Of all offences, 30% are against such elements, he added.5 passengers fined for not carrying ID proofIn perhaps the first such action, the commercial department officials of the Central Railway collected a fine of Rs10,000 from five Bangalore-Nizamuddin Rajdhani Express passengers for not carrying valid identity proofs. The passengers, travelling to Delhi, were asked to deboard at 4pm by train superintendent Dhirendra Kumar at Nagpur. Those fined included Nishank Sharma and Omshri Krishna from Delhi, Sudhir Narasingham and Jaiprakash Venkateshwar Rao from Hyderabad and Sacchidanand P from Nagpur. Another passenger C Shankar, a senior citizen from Bangalore, was detained as he was running short of money. Railway officials said all the passengers were travelling on e-ticket but did not possess any original documents of proof . The original documents include PAN card, driver's licence, passport, Aadhar card and voter's identity card.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11611308", "title": "88 lawyers in fray for KBA poll", "text": "KANPUR: As many as 88 lawyers are in fray for various post of Kanpur bar association slated to be held on February 1.Fifty three lawyers filed nomination papers before the elders committee on the last day of nominations on Monday. There are three candidates for post of president. Similarly, three candidates have filed nominations for general secretary. For treasurer's post, Sanjay Kumar Agarwal, Ashok Kumar Pandey, Ashok Kumar Trivedi and Vijay Shankar Rawat are in the fray.For senior and junior vice-presidents, six and seven candidates are in fray and one woman is in each category. There are two entries for the post of joint secretary (publication) while for the post of joint secretary (administration), there are three contestants.According to chairman, elders committee, Ram Balak Mishra, the maximum nominations are filed for senior and junior executive committees. For the senior committee, as many as 26 lawyers are in the fray while 37 aspirants are trying their luck in the junior executive committee.Three women lawyers are contesting the elections. Sarla Gupta is contesting for senior vice-president's post while Leena Sachan and Subhashini are trying their luck to be junior vice-president and junior executive committee member respectively.Scrutiny and withdrawal of nominations will be held on Tuesday. The voting and counting of votes would take place at DAV College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11609587", "title": "'Tagoreana' brings Netaji grandson to city", "text": "KOLKATA: On the 116th birth anniversary of Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose, as one struck up a conversation with his grandson Peter Arun Pfaff, one indeed felt a surge of emotions. Interestingly, the conversation was not about Netaji, as is expected on such a momentous day, but about Rabindranath Tagore, the bard who, by Pfaff's own admission, is \"the architect of his sensitivities and sensibilities\".Peter, who lives in Munich , Germany, is on a short tour to the city and brings with him a creation, 'Tagore in Vinyl', along with his half-Bengali wife, Sandra Chatterjee.Peter, who is a musician, a documentary filmmaker and a researcher on 'Tagoreana', has designed the creation from the perspective of a person who is an outsider - from the Western world - trying to assimilate the Tagore philosophy. As this understanding blossoms, quite in harmony, he realises that the East and the West meet finally, despite their apparent differences and negations. \"I've not only explored the philosophical but also the political thoughts of Tagore,\" he said.And so you have Rabindrasangeet accompanied by traditional music in the background, punctuated by modern electronic beats to establish a sense of contrast. There are reliefs and interludes provided by the use of sights and sounds that are typical to Kolkata. \"I had recorded sounds like the cackle of birds at dawn, the rustle of leaves in the morning breeze and the flowing of the Hooghly. These have been used in between to heighten the feel of Tagore's music. There are some videos to highlight the tone of the musical and Sandra has choreographed the dances that she performs as part of the show,\" Pfaff said. Interestingly, the dances are not of the traditional genre where the songs are literally translated through movements. Rather, they try to bring out the finer, deeper senses in Tagore's creations. Also the videos have been planned differently to perhaps highlight the contrasts.Peter's German father and half-German mother inspired his love for everything Indian. It was a bit of a coincidence that his father spent a little over four years in India and met his mother here, rather than in Germany. This is over and above the fact that his mother is Netaji's daughter and 'Bangaliana' runs in his genes. Another piece of coincidence is that Sandra is not only a half-Bengali, but got her moorings in Tagore's music and philosophy from her father, who had a large collection of Tagore's works in gramophone records. It is while sifting through these that she got initiated to Tagore.Peter, who has a master's degree in philosophy, has worked extensively with electronic music and has experimented with music from South America , Middle East, North Africa and China. He finds great similarity between North African and North Indian folk music. \"Though I am a DJ, I don't do lounge music. It's more serious, an effort to trace popular music back to their roots.\"With Sandra for company, Peter has read almost all of Tagore's English and German translations. \"Sometimes I feel that the German translations are better tuned to Tagore's philosophy. I am in an eternal conversation with Tagore, who inspires my existence,\" Peter said.Does Netaji inspire him this much? \"He looms large. The fact that I carry his gene, is awe-inspiring. But on a day-to-day basis where work is concerned, I have not yet started out on Netaji yet. Perhaps that will happen later.\"And how Bangali is Peter? \"Oh, very much! I love my posto, peyanjkoli, alu bhaja and murgir mangsho, cooked the Bengali way. And this is all due to Sandra who is well connected to her relatives in Asansol.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11607561", "title": "Govt likely to extend UIDAI\u2019s ambit", "text": "NEW DELHI: The tussle within the government over the unique identity number (UID) project is likely to be settled, with the Union Cabinet expected to give the nod to the UID Authority of India (UIDAI) to go ahead with providing numerical ids to all residents.The decision is likely to be a vindication for IT czar Nandan Nilekani , who heads the Authority, as the Cabinet is expected to extend the UID mandate for enrollment by recording bio-metric details beyond 20 crore residents. On Monday, Union home minister P Chidambaram denied differences in government and suggested NPR cards could also incorporate Aadhar numbers.This will mean the home ministry may have to cede its claim to being the sole repository of bio-metric data under the National Population Register (NPR) scheme. However, government is also keen to state unambiguously that a UID will not be treated as a proof of citizenship.Uncertainty had plagued the UID project after Registrar General of India (RGI) under the home ministry backtracked from its earlier stand and refused to accept data collected by the Authority.With the mandate of UIDAI to collect bio-metric details is ending as Cabinet had approved enrollment of 20 crore people by March, the debate spilled over into the public domain with Chidambaram taking exception to what he called ``inspired\" reports which painted him as stubborn and stumbling block in the way of the implementation of an ambitious scheme to check pilferage of subsidies.The debate also saw the home ministry questioning the verification norms for UID as residences were not verified by house visits as in the case of Census officials, and it argued for the need to protect the \"integrity\" of data.Nilekani had the powerful backing of the Planning Commission and, more importantly, the Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi .In its proposal, the Planning Commission has pitched UID's case for continuing the enrollment beyond 20 crore residents, arguing that the project aimed at ensuring benefits of welfare programmes reaches to the poor, which was entirely different from the home ministry's NPR's national security aspects.An official said both the schemes with different objectives can go on side by side as there are already many identity related projects like Election Commission voter's card and PAN Card.The view was echoed by Plan panel's deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia in Thiruvananthapuram. \" If there is a small overlap (with NPR) that would not matter. There are many government programmes which do similar things and we don't apply the principle that you should not have any overlap,\" he told reporters.\"We regard the Aadhar project as a very important national project that will enable much greater efficiency in the operation of a large number of government schemes\", he added.However, sources said that the finance ministry is opposed to the idea of continuing both UID and NPR schemes, arguing that duplication will mean heavy costs. The finance ministry wants the Authority and the RGI to make minor changes in their process of collecting the data to ensure both the schemes can work simultaneously.The contentious issues that are expected to be debated in the Cabinet are duplication of work of NPR and UID, expenses, and enrollment of citizens for Aadhar numbers.The Authority dispelled fears that the biometric technology being used for the Aadhaar project is flawed, asserting that its system is reliable and can achieve the task of providing unique ID cards to the entire population.\"It has been affirmed that UIDAI's biometric capability for enrolments is ready to handle high throughput (10 lakh aadhars per day), accuracy (99.965% on duplication detection) and scale (database can be of 1.2 billion people),\" UIDAI said.Based on the analysis, the UIDAI confirms that the enrollment system has proven to be reliable, accurate and scalable to meet the nation's need of providing Aadhar numbers to the entire population.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11607905", "title": "In \u2018true Christian spirit\u2019, man pardons his assailants", "text": "PANAJI: Advocate Aires Rodrigues, who claims to fight the common man's battles, has backed out of his own fight against the alleged goons who attempted to murder him three years ago. The social activist has, in a letter submitted to assistant sessions judge, Panaji, prayed that the court may close the case so as \"not to prejudice\" the future of the accused persons.In the letter submitted to the court on December 6, 2011, Rodrigues said, \"...in the true Christian spirit of forgiveness, in the season of Advent, and considering that the accused are young and misled persons, and so as not to prejudice their future, the undersigned desires to forgive them for their offences and desires to compound the offences in the above case and does not press charges any further.\"The court has now referred the matter to the police for their say in the matter. A police official connected with the case said, \"Rodrigues' letter will not affect our case.He is one of the victims, but the complainant is advocate Jatin Naik.\"When contacted, Rodrigues confirmed, \"It has now been over three years, but the seventh accused, Dinesh Patil, who happens to be the nephew of Santa Cruz MLA Victoria Fernandes, is still absconding. The case has been going on for the last three years. On December 6 last year, in the true Christian spirit of forgiveness in the season of Advent, I felt it was proper to pardon and forgive these six young misguided youth.\"Rodrigues and history lecturer Prajal Sakhardande were attacked on October 13, 2008, at Ashok bar and restaurant in Panaji by six unknown persons dressed in black T-shirts and jeans with their faces covered with monkey caps.The alleged murderous attempt was made when Aires had stepped up his attack against Taleigao MLA Atanasio 'Babush' Monserrate's son in the alleged German rape case. The attackers were armed with knives, rods, swords and bottles and inflicted grievous injuries on the duo.Panaji town police chargesheeted seven accused-Sandeep Vaigankar, Dinesh Patil, Zenito Cardozo, Aslam Bhagewadi, Asif Badighar, Sayyed Gujarati and Yakub Walikar-in the case. Patil is yet to be arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11609342", "title": "Left leaders garland Netaji statue first", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee , never a stickler for protocol, broke one more on Monday, allowing a Left Front delegation led by Forward Bloc veteran Asok Ghosh to garland Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose's statue at Curzon Park on the leader's 116th birth anniversary much ahead of her.With this, the CM nipped a simmering controversy and its obvious political fallouts. Ghosh, the chief patron of Netaji Janmajayanti Committee (which has so far been organizing this function along with the state government) was the first to garland the statue immediately after 12.15pm, when the founder of his party was born.At the end of the programme, Mamata only said, \"Netaji is for all. I will comment no further.\"The CM's gesture, however, made the Left leaders happy. RSP state secretary Kshiti Goswami termed this as historic. \"I expressed my sincere gratitude to her in person after Asokda was allowed to pay his tribute before others. He and his party (Forward Bloc) have an emotional attachment with this day,\" he said.Left Front chairman Biman Bose said, \"We would have preferred to wait till the chief minister and all her 44 ministers paid their respects. However, she allowed us first. We are happy.\" Asked for his reaction to the CM's gesture, he said: \"Had she done this earlier, the controversy wouldn't have arisen in the first place. Anyway, we are happy and have told her so,\" he said.Later, speaking at a programme at Kankurgachhi, Mamata took on the Left for their sudden fondness for Netaji having labeled him an \"agent of the state\" earlier. \"They now want to pay their respects, so be it. This government doesn't mind allowing others first. There is no need to rake up unnecessary controversies over it,\" she said.The simmering disquiet leading till Monday noon wasn't apparent when Mamata reached the venue. She chose to sit among the audience and was seen talking to Sugato Bose, breaking off intermittently to issue instructions to police and her colleagues.But there has been high drama over the issue for the past few days. Ghosh, the Netaji Janmajayanti Committee's chief patron, had invited the CM to take the lead in celebrating the Deshapran Diwas on Monday to mark Netaji's birthday, in a joint programme with the committee. This was the practice in the Left regime. But on Saturday, Ghosh found to his surprise that in programme details sent by the Kolkata Police headquarters it was mentioned that the government is the sole organizer of the programme - from 11.45am to 2pm - leaving no space for the Janmajayanti Committee.The Left Front decided that it would reach the venue according to their schedule (before 12.15pm) and would wait with the common people for their turn to garland the statue.The abrupt arrival of the Left Front leaders at the venue initially left the police baffled, till Mamata asked Mukul Roy to convey to police that the Left delegation would be allowed in first. She chose to remain where she was. Immediately after the 12.15pm siren, Ghosh led the retinue of Left leaders to garland the statue. Once it was over, and after exchanging pleasantries with the chief minister, the Left Front leaders left, allowing Mamata and her colleagues to do the same.The chief minister then visited the Kolkata Police parade and said later, \"The programme was organized well. I am very happy. The parade was organized for the first time.\" But even after she left, whether or not the seemingly unsavory lead-up to the event could have been avoided was foremost in the mind of Left leaders who attended the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11611371", "title": "Exodus to danger, despair", "text": "CHENNAI: With the UAE yet to recover from the debt crisis in Dubai and the global economic downturn, workers from India are now headed to Afghanistan via the Gulf.Hundreds of young men arrived in Chennai over the past two weeks to attend interviews for jobs in Afghanistan. An estimated 60,000 Indians lost their jobs in the Gulf due to the recession. Emigration officials said Indians were choosing to work in Afghanistan despite the dangers involved in the reconstruction process of the war-ravaged country.\"Even if their salaries are low, their American employers ensure that they are paid, unlike in the Gulf where some companies failed to pay their workers,\" one official said. Protector of emigrants D Jai Shankar said his office in Chennai had issued only 600 emigration clearances to applicants seeking to go to the UAE over the past three years. He said some of these applicants could had ended up in Afghanistan but thousands of others have been sent illegally to that country.Agents based in Mumbai, who account for the most recruits to Afghanistan from India, hire workers mostly from Chennai, Hyderabad and Kochi. These agents say they have sent over 50,000 workers to Afghanistan in the past two years. Human rights activists say many recruiting firms cheat job aspirants making them believe they are being employed by companies in the Gulf and then packing them off to Afghanistan and Iraq after they arrive in the UAE.Immigration officials familiar with the racket said employers in Dubai sent applicants proper residence visas complete with the Indian Embassy authentication. They said the free visa regime between Dubai and Afghanistan had made it difficult to keep track of how many Indians were travelling to Afghanistan. There is no visa or exit stamp for travel between Dubai and Afghanistan. \"It is similar to the agreement between Indian and Bhutan ,\" an official said.Syed Mustafa, a recruiting agent, said candidates are aware that they were going to Afghanistan. \"They are told during the interview that they would be going to Afghanistan on a UAE visa,\" he said. \"They are aware of the risks. Most of them work in military camps run by the US. Indian labour is cheap and Indians work hard. They take up jobs as cooks, assistants and labourers and are well looked after by the US.\"Mustafa said delayed salaries, rising inflation and an uncertain future in the Gulf were forcing Indian workers to work in places like Afghanistan and Iraq. Applicants are offered jobs in Afghanistan as mechanical engineers, geotechnical engineers, lab technicians, general mechanics and supervisors.Most are from Tamil Nadu, Kerala, Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka and Punjab, where job opportunities are few. But Bernard Sami, director of Arunodhaya Migrant Initiative, a Chennai-based organisation that helps Indians in distress in the Gulf, said, \"This is trafficking and smuggling of migrant workers to Iraq and Afghanistan. I am surprised that the Indian government cannot put a stop to this.\"John Verghese, from Pathanamthitta in Kerala, who is going to work as a technician in Afghanistan, said, \"I used to work in Kuwait for a few years but there was a problem with salaries being delayed. It is much better in Afghanistan. I have a cousin who has assured me that that I will be safe. Since I have to look after my elderly parents and sister I have no choice but to take the risk.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11609229", "title": "UP\u2019s health mission scam claims 4th life", "text": "LUCKNOW: The multi-thousand crore National Rural Health Mission scam in Uttar Pradesh claimed a fourth life on Monday with the alleged suicide of an assistant engineer in the state water department.Sunil Verma, 55, allegedly shot himself in the head with his licenced revolver at his residence. He had been named in one of the eight FIRs lodged by the CBI in the NRHM scam so far and his house searched on January 4.In a three-paragraph suicide note, Verma said he was deeply stressed by the CBI search at his house. CBI sources in Delhi, however, said Verma hasn't even been formally questioned so far.Verma was the officiating project manager with the construction and design services (C&DS;) department of the Jal Nigam which handled NRHM-related construction works.Assistant engineer Sunil Verma's suicide on Monday triggered a political tug-of-war, with Congress demanding a CBI probe into his \"mysterious death\". UP chief minister Mayawati , in turn, said Congress was misusing the CBI for electoral gains. \"The case was with CBI for the past six months, but the agency is going overboard just before UP election at the behest of Congress,\" she said on Monday.CBI is probing the embezzlement of NRHM funds to the tune of Rs 8,657 crore in UP on the HC's directives. The agency named Verma as an accused in the case with respect to upgrade of 134 districts hospitals for an amount of Rs. 13.4 crore by the C&amp;DS.; It was revealed that the work was given to a Ghaziabad-based firm on the basis of forged documents.According to the police, Verma, a resident of 6/637, Vikasnagar, shot himself on his right temple with his licenced .32-bore revolver at 8.30am.Verma's family members told police that on Monday morning, he had shaved as usual and was sitting in the drawing room, waiting for his morning tea. His wife Saroj was in the kitchen while son Vikas was busy with his work, when they heard a gunshot. Thinking the sound had come from outside the house, Saroj didn't react immediately. She came to the drawing room with the tea and she saw Verma lying in a pool of blood. He was rushed to hospital, where doctors declared him \"brought dead\". DIG D K Thakur and district magistrate Anil Sagar, later told mediapersons that prima facie it was suicide.The DIG said in the suicide note Verma stated that neither he nor his family members had done anything wrong.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11609099", "title": "India objects to Leno\u2019s \u2018Golden Temple\u2019 joke", "text": "WASHINGTON: The Indian government, ever sensitive to the slightest aggravation -- real or unintended -- to its nationals, particularly minorities, will write to the American television network NBC objecting to a spoof that purportedly hurt Sikh sentiments.Overseas Indian Affairs Minister Vayalar Ravi has directed the Indian Embassy in Washington to lodge a protest with NBC over a skit on Jay Leno's Tonight Show in which the comedian used the backdrop of the Sikhs' holiest shrine in Amritsar to make fun of presidential contender Mitt Romney .In the skit, Leno mocks Romney's wealth by showing the Golden Temple as one of his summer vacation homes.Some Sikhs took offense at the spoof and began an online petition saying Leno has been guilty of derogatory comments on Sikhs before and that his ''racist comments need to be stopped right here.'' But major Sikh organizations - notably United Sikhs and Sikh Coalition - which have campaigned strenously to promote awareness of the religion, and achieved considerable success in protecting their religious rights, did not take any immediate note of the purported offense.However, the minister, in keeping with the broad outlook of Indian governments to protect real and contrived minority sensitivities rather than speak for freedom of expression, said the skit, which he had not seen, ''was quite unfortunate and quite objectionable.''\"Freedom does not mean hurting the sentiments of others... This is not acceptable to us and we take a very strong objection for such a display,'' Ravi said in a chat with journalists. Leno, his network rival David Letterman, and other late-night comedians routinely make fun of just about everyone, not just minorities, as part of a stand-up/ slapstick tradition.But in an ongoing ferment in India far removed from its own liberal traditions, Ravi also defended the government's sensitivities on the Salman Rushdie episode at the Jaipur Literary Festival. ''We don't care what you (liberals) think...the government's responsibility is to maintain order and prevent a communal situation,\" he said in a brief reference to the controversy.The so-called liberals who Ravi twitted say New Delhi is all-too-ready to roll over and pander to objections from minority interests, and as a result, India is increasingly becoming illiberal and intolerant like neighboring Pakistan . On Twitter, a bastion of liberal expression, most comments derided India's position. ''British protected Rushdie against Iran's fatwa to kill him. Out State abdicated its responsibility to protect him,'' tweeted @SORBONNE75.\"Land of the permanently outraged,'' tweeted Sadanand Dhume, at resident fellow at the American Enterprise Institute , referring to India's huffy protest over the Leno joke, one of hundreds he dispenses weekly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11608312", "title": "Man tries to drug &amp; rob passenger on bus, held", "text": "MUMBAI: An alert Kurla resident helped cops nab a 52-year-old conman who tried to rob him by offering him a sedative-laced biscuit on a state transport bus. The Nehru Nagar police said the incident occurred on Sunday between 9.30pm and 1am. Sanjay Yadav was returning to his Mumbai home from Pune.\"I noticed that a man had been following me. When I boarded the bus, the man followed me and sat behind me,\" Yadav told TOI on Monday.Minutes after the bus left Pune, the accused, Ramesh Agarwal, shifted to a seat next to Yadav. \"Agarwal tried to strike up a conversation with me. A little later, Agarwal came and sat beside me. He was carrying packets of biscuits and wafers,\" Yadav said.Agarwal then offered wafers to Yadav, who declined. \"Minutes later, he forced me to eat a biscuit. This raised my suspicion as I had heard about cases where passengers are robbed after being drugged,\" he said. Yadav accepted the biscuit and pretended to eat it, but slipped it into his pocket before Agarwal could notice. \"I pretended to be unconscious. Agarwal frisked my pockets and tried to remove my gold chain. I caught him red-handed.\"Agarwal told the cops that he stays in Bhayander and travels to Jaipur to buy cookies that are baked especially to drug passengers. \"He has confessed to drugging passengers and stealing their valuables on the Pune-Mumbai route for the last two years,\" said the police.Additional commissioner of police (East) Quaiser Khalid said, \"Probe is on to find out if Agarwal is part of a gang.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11611307", "title": "Research workshop organised at GNIMT", "text": "LUDHIANA: Students of Guru Nanak Institute of Management and Technology (GNIMT), Model Town, benefitted from a one-day workshop on \"Research methodology on project writing\" organized on Monday.Upinder Kaur and Sandeep Kaur were key speakers, who gave vital inputs on conducting research techniques to management students.Sandeep talked about frequency distribution, cross tabulation, measures of location, variability and shape along with the application of parametric and non-parametric tests in hypothesis testing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11609018", "title": "Pilgrims crowd rly stations", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Thousands of pilgrims were seen at the Allahabad railway station on Monday. Security was beefed up to prevent any untoward incident. Government Railway Police (GRP) and Railway Protection Force (RPF) personnel were deputed at different points of the station.The number of passengers swelled on different platforms and it was difficult for the security personnel to control such a large number of people. Additional reservation counters were there to cater to a large number of passengers.Vishnu, a pilgrim coming from Mathura, was enjoying sun on the city side of the Allahabad station. He said: \"I took tip dip in the morning itself as I reached Allahabad by Mathura Express.\"Meanwhile, security was also upgraded at Naini and Vindhyachal stations. Additional personnel of RPF from Agra and Jhansi division were called on duty. The personnel Railway Protection Special Force (RPSF) were also deployed.The personnel of GRP were manning Jhunsi, Daraganj, Rambagh, Phapamau, Prayag, Prayag Ghat, Sirathu, Bharwari and Naini railway stations. Additional platoons of PAC have been deployed. Temporary chowkis were set up at all these stations to monitor the passengers and keep vigil on suspicious elements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11609506", "title": "No one banned my book in Bangladesh: Tahmima Anam", "text": "JAIPUR: It says something terrible about a country when a writer has to leave and can never come back,\" said Bangladeshi author Tahmima Anam-and no, she wasn't referring to Salman Rushdie .Instead, Anam meant Rushdie's online bete-noire, Bangladeshi author-in-exile Taslima Nasreen , supported by her country's liberals against fundamentalists, Amam explained, but who'd alienated many apparently by claiming Bangladesh had a meager women's movement.\"In fact, there's been tremendous investment in women's education and opportunities in Bangladesh. Women's improving status makes me hopeful for Bangladesh's future,\" said Anam.She didn't always feel this way-growing up, there was so much bad news that Anam felt ashamed of her 'national basket-case'. Sensing alienation, her parents began telling her stories of Bangladesh's war for independence. \"It was a moment of protean possibility,\" remarked Amam to a packed house assembled for \"The Good Muslim\", an event sponsored by the Times of India. \"A new country was impending. People were driven by ideals of a secular, socialist, inclusive nation.\"For some, this became a burden. As post-independence Bangladesh took a different route towards capitalism and dictatorships, several wondered what they'd fought for.History's shards becoming painful splinters, Anam, a once-reluctant anthropologist, began discussing 1971 with soldiers and family. She wrote \"The Good Muslim\", showcasing the crackling tension between Sohail, increasingly drawn to Islam after terrible war experiences, and his sister Maya, who mocks her brother for religiosity in their secular home. \"Their relationship makes you wonder-who is the fundamentalist?\" questioned Anam. Though her books are probing and provocative, she hasn't faced censorship in Bangladesh-although, with the third of her trilogy impending, Anam laughingly confided her family was fed-up. \"Now my aunts and uncles say, don't tell her anything-she'll put it in her book!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11610013", "title": "Now, mgmt council fails to discuss imp issues", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur University seems to be going through its worst phase. Earlier, the constitution of statutory bodies like Academic, Management councils and Senate were delayed by over one-and-half years. It had brought 88-year-old institution to a grinding halt that ultimately led to numerous sufferings of students. Now even after their constitution, after two months, the situation has hardly changed. Thanks to the apathy on part of both NU administration and also of the elected representatives who don't seem to be serious about their jobs, sources claimed.The latest example is deferring of emergent meeting of Management Council - university's highest decision making body, supposed to be conducted on Saturday. The members were scheduled to discuss and clear interview panels for huge number of vacancies that exists in all its departments and also in Laxminarayan Institute of Technology (LIT). Ironically, this not the first time, the meeting was postponed, earlier, it was fixed for January 13.NU officials even faced the wrath of Nagpur bench of Bombay high court over teaching vacancies in LIT which had led to deterioration of the once-prestigious institution. The vacancies led to AICTE slapping fine of Rs2 lakh on NU and also threatened to disapprove the institution in case situation fails to improve. Even after deadline fixed by the court, the vacancies were yet to see the light of the day. NU on August 30 last year had first floated the advertisement for filling up 119 posts of lecturers in campus and LIT after a long time. But, due to some error it again published a new advertisement a couple of months back in various newspapers, wasting precious funds. Since, interview panels were not formed, the posts could not be filled.Some members who didn't wish to be named passed the buck on NU authorities stating that they hadn't received any communication from their side. On other hand, NU officials blame members for non-cooperation. Quite surprisingly, NU PRO office which likes to be mute spectator for all happenings and refused to comment for most of the time, told TOI that some 'technical' problems had led to deferring of the meet.This is not the case with Management Council only, even the Senate, which has most number of public representatives, was not serious about discussing students' problems. In first meeting on October 17, 2011, NU bosses adjourned it for an indefinite period without discussing even a single question out of 50 including issues like fee hike, vacancies and LIT. Even the recent Academic Council meet on January 11 finished within 10 minutes without discussing any major issue.University students had already suffered due to delay in constitution of bodies as NU failed to conduct not one but two convocations, which resulted in withholding of degree of over one lakh students, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11610756", "title": "Students' drama leaves lasting impression", "text": "NAGPUR: Spectators at Vasantrao Deshpande Hall were treated to some mind blowing national-level talent on the second day of Unifest. The different competitions which were scheduled for the day kept the audience enthralled.The eight teams for drama competition had consciously adopted the themes pertaining to social and national issues and the message was eloquently put across to the viewers. The team from Harisingh Gaur University, Sagar, made a lasting impression with their skit '50-50'. The message was that Indians have secured freedom from the British but we are still slaves of English language.University of Kerala highlighted the mindless cricket fever in India while Manipur University portrayed citizen's woes with regard to basic amenities. Tezpur University also picked up the theme of the overpowering impact of Western culture.Bharatidasan University presented an item on national integration. The mime competition saw themes ranging from environment protection to unemployment.The importance of saving water was highlighted through a sensitive performance by Banasthali University, Rajasthan. Students from Manipur University presented an effective mime showing a tiger hunt to stress the need for wildlife conservation.As for the performing arts, the students displayed an astounding talent for light vocal Indian and classical vocal Hindustani music. In this genre, the highlight of the day was the folk orchestra event in which best eight bands of India fought for top honours. The elocution competition saw some brilliant young minds apply their oratory skills to express their strong views.The event started with paying tribute to Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose on his birth anniversary.'Youth Power' was the topic for the competition. 'Save the girl child' and 'Nagpur Unifest' were the themes for the poster making competition at South Central Zone Cultural Centre (SCZCC) Gallery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11609831", "title": "BJP calls meeting of senior leaders, ministers", "text": "BANGALORE: January 30 promises to be a politically hectic day: governor H R Bhardwaj is slated to deliver his address to the joint legislature session, the BJP has called for a meeting of senior leaders and ministers in the evening, to decide on a joint tour programme. At the same time or a little early, former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa's followers have planned to convene a parallel meeting.The sole objective of the party's meeting is to stop Yeddyurappa from continuing his unilateral tour and making confusing statements.\"The meeting will decide on conventions in the four divisions after the legislature session, and also on the joint tour programme involving chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda, Yeddyurappa, myself and other senior leaders. The first convention would be in Bangalore on February 13-14. On January 27, a zonal meeting has been scheduled,\" state BJP president K S Eshwarappa said.At Yeddyurappa's parallel meeting, legislators and ministers loyal to him are expected to resolve to demand that the party and chief minister convene a legislature party meeting at the earliest. Ministers Basavaraj Bommai, Murugesh R Nirani, M P Renukacharya, Shobha Karandlaje, among others, are likely to put forward their demand during the meeting. According to them, Gowda had promised that he was only a makeshift chief minister, and he has to fulfill his promise by giving up the post, and that Yeddyurappa be installed chief minister again. However, neither the party nor RSS leaders are interested in meeting Yeddyurappa's demand.Asked about these developments, Eshwarappa maintained that everything will be alright in the next 15 days. \"The confusion is minimized. A couple more meetings involving the party and RSS are required to clear the confusion,\" he said. Meanwhile, the party has decided to serve showcause notices to ministers Renukacharya and Nirani, and a couple of MLAs for airing anti-party statements in public.At a youth event in the city, Yeddyurappa drew comparison with former CM Veerendra Patil. \"When Patil had to resign, he had the support of only three MLAs, but I had the support of 70 legislators,\" he said, sending a clear message to the party. Attacking chief minister Gowda, he said some leaders think they are smart and that the state is running because of them. \"The leader should stop listening to his advisers. There are 10 people and they give him 10 different ideas,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11599801", "title": "Ranbir Kapoor: The daredevil", "text": "For his film Barfi! produced by UTV Motion Pictures and directed by Anurag Basu, Ranbir Kapoor became the jumping jack for real.In one of the sequences for the Kolkata schedule, he had to run away from the cops and that meant jumping from the rooftop of one building to another - 8 to 10 feet apart.While Basu had a body double arranged for the scene, Ranbir was in a rather daredevil mood. The actor asked the body double to do the sequence once and then went on to do the actual take himself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11610771", "title": "7-year-old kidnapped and raped in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: A seven-year-old Class II student was kidnapped and raped by an unidentified youth on Sunday night. The incident came to light after the child returned to her Baiganwadi home in Shivaji Nagar, Govandi on Monday in a state of shock.The Shivaji Nagar police initially lodged a case of kidnap against the youth, and the girl was sent for a medical examination . Rape charges were added on Monday evening after reports from Nagpada Police Hospital confirmed rape. The girl is undergoing treatment at JJ Hospital.The police said the minor was kidnapped when she went with her 45-year-old grandmother to fetch water from a common pipe located between the 90-Foot Road and the 12-Foot Road junction. The girl's grandmother made her wait in line while she went to fetch another barrel. When she returned , the girl was missing. In her complaint, the child's grandmother said, \"I made my grandchild sit in line so that I could go fetch another barrel after filling the first bucket. When I returned, there was no trace of my grandchild. Even the locals had not seen her.\"Locals and the child's grandmother said they saw an unknown thin youth talking to her. \"Later, the youth was not seen and the minor girl was also found missing ,\" Shivaji Nagar police senior inspector RS Agarwal said.The girl's parent, along with the local residents, combed the entire locality after the girl went missing. They then lodged a complaint with the Shivaji Nagar police at midnight on Sunday. The police also searched the locality, but to no avail.Early Monday morning, the minor returned home in a state of shock. \"She said a youth made her walk to a house in a locality nearby. She was unable to narrate what happened properly. She said that the next day morning, the youth left her in a locality near her house,\" said Agarwal.Investigators are waiting for the victim's grandmother to give a detailed description to prepare his sketch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11610562", "title": "Banks in Noida get 6-week breather", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday asked the Noida authorities to identify premises for the banks within a week to facilitate them to shift out of residential areas over the next five weeks.A bench of Justices Swatanter Kumar and Ranjana P Desai asked the banks to apply for suitable premises a week after Noida authorities identified and advertised them. It also asked the authorities to complete the allotment task forthwith and permitted the banks four more weeks to shift to new locations.The 22 banks having over 100 branches in residential areas had faced tough task after the apex court on December 5 banned their operation terming it violation of Master Plan 2001. They had moved the court with an application saying sudden disruption of operations would cause lot of discomfort to their over 2 lakh customers.Besides the banks, the apex court order had banned nursing homes and other commercial offices in residential sectors of Noida but had allowed doctors, lawyers, architects and other professionals to use a maximum of 30% of ground floor area as clinics or offices.\"The 21 banks and nursing homes which are operating in Sector 19 or any other residential sector shall close their activity forthwith, stop misuse and put the premises to residential use alone, within two months from today,\" the court had said while dismissing a bunch of petitions filed by banks and owners of nursing homes operating from residential areas.However, understanding the difficulty of the banks, the court had sought personal presence of the Noida CEO to find immediate solution to the problem. The banks had also said finding an alternative premise was not easy as they had to comply with the safety and security norms prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India for opening a branch at a new place. Moreover, almost all the banks had ATMs in residential areas, which too needed relocating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11616037", "title": "Daniel Radcliffe's encouraging girlfriend", "text": "Daniel Radcliffe refers to his girlfriend as \"the nice half of my brain\".The 'Woman in Black' actor has been in a relationship with production assistant Rosie Coker for over two years and the 23-year-old star says she is always supportive and helps give him confidence.He said: \"She's like the nice half of my brain - the part of my brain that doesn't dislike me - that's her. She encourages me which is nice.\"Daniel also admitted it is easier to date someone who also works in the film industry because they understand the fast paced life he leads and how he needs to capitalise on his 'Harry Potter' fame in case he sinks into oblivion.Daniel - who hasn't taken longer than a one-week holiday in more than four years - explained in an interview with The Sun newspaper: \"She knows me so she knows this is what I'm like. She knows I love my job and there's nothing I would ever do to not be doing my job.\"I love it - and also, it's not going to be like this for ever. I'm not going to be as in demand as I am now for ever. I think that in this next period of about three years I need to be really busy.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11609973", "title": "Progress of work under NGRBA reviewed", "text": "PATNA: Works related to the Integrated Sewerage Scheme, Integrated Solid Waste Management Scheme and the river front development under the National Ganga River Basin Authority (NGRBA) in Begusarai, Buxar and Hazipur town is under progress and tender for some works in Munger town will be finalized shortly. Urban development and housing (UDH) department minister Prem Kumar was informed about this at a meeting held here to review the works being executed under the NGRBA on Monday.The minister said that schemes under NGRBA were being implemented in 20 towns in Bihar -- Patna, Danapur, Fatuha, Bakhtiyarpur, Chhapra, Dighwara, Sonepur, Rivilganj, Ara, Khagaul, Bhagalpur, Sultangaganj, Naugachia, Barahiya, Barh and Mokama apart from Begusarai, Buxar, Hazipur and Munger.The UDH department will try to get permission from the Central government to start works under NGRBA in other 16 cities in 2012-13. The preparation of detailed project report of sewerage and sewerage treatment plants in these towns are in advanced stage, the minister said. Officials of the department have been directed to work fast to obtain permission from the Central government to start the work in these towns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11608983", "title": "VLS Finance wants CBI probe in hotelier case", "text": "NEW DELHI: VLS Finance , the company that opposed withdrawal of prosecution against Delhi based hotelier S P Gupta (an ex-client of P Chidambaram) on Monday approached the Delhi HC.VLS has sought transfer of investigations in one of the cases, lodged at the orders of the HC, to CBI. In its application the company alleged that the probe agency filed a half baked charge sheet in the case without full investigation, without arrest and in fact without invoking the provisions of Prevention Of Corruption Act and even when the files couldn't have been stolen without officials of the MCA being involved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "11610061", "title": "Sloth bear gives birth to two cubs at Sarthana zoo", "text": "SURAT: Here is some good news for animal lovers. A pair of sloth bears has given birth to two cubs at Surat Municipal Corporation ( SMC)-run Sarthana zoo.Sarthana zoo authorities said this is for the first time in the past eight years that sloth bears mated last year in captivity which resulted in the birth of two cubs a couple of weeks ago. Usually, sloth bears are very shy and breed in natural habitat.Prafull Mehta, in-charge zoo superintendent, told TOI, \"It is indeed a matter of great joy for us that for the first time in the history of the zoo a sloth bear has given birth to cubs in captivity. The sow and her cubs are doing well and they have been kept in a separate enclosure, away from the eyes of the visitors and human intervention.Mehta said two females bought from Delhi were added to Sarthana zoo some seven years ago and a male sloth bear was brought from Ranchi two-and-a-half-years ago. Last year, the sloth bear formed a pair and mated in the month of April 2011.The cubs are born blind, and open their eyes after four weeks. They (cubs) will start walking a month after the birth, become independent at 24-36 months, and become sexually mature at the age of 3 years. Young cubs will ride on their mother's back when she walks,runs or climbs trees until they reach a third of her size. \"Male sloth bears are dominant. Thus we have separated the male sloth bear to protect the cubs from being attacked. We want the mother and her cubs to live in the zoo without any sort of human or other interference. We are yet to identify the sex of both the cubs,\" said Mehta. With the birth of the cubs, the number of sloth bears in the zoo has gone up to five.\"We all are very happy over the birth of the cubs. Our efforts to increase the number of wild animals in the zoo have paid off,\" said Dr Rajesh Patel, a veterinary doctor at the zoo.This development has spread joy and happiness among the zoo staff, especially the caretakers of sloth bear and doctors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11611287", "title": "Nataraj begins clean-up, swears by transparency", "text": "CHENNAI: Former DGP R Nataraj, who took charge as the new chairman of the scam-tainted Tamil Nadu Public Service Commission on Monday, said his main agenda was to ensure transparency at every stage of selection and recruitment. He thanked the state government for the opportunity and described the appointment as a \"divine gift\".TNPSC, the nodal recruitment agency of the state government, recently came under the scanner with the Directorate of Vigilance and Anti-Corruption raiding residences and offices of staff and its former chairman R Sellamuthu after allegations of irregularities cropped up. The commission's secretary T Udayachandran and all 13 board members, whose premises had been raided by the DVAC, were present when Nataraj took charge.\"Wherever I work, I will not allow mistakes,\" Nataraj said. The officer said his priority was to ensure there was no corruption and that the state service commission will do \"service\" without \"commission.\" Nataraj said the board would henceforth monitor all exam centres through webcams to prevent malpractices. \"Not only written exams, but personal interviews will also be recorded on cameras,\" he said. The board will give candidates access to corrected answer sheets to ensure greater transparency.He said TNPSC will adopt good practices of the Union Public Service Commission (UPSC). \"Tentative answer keys of tests will be published in the commission's website after the exams and we will call for claims, objections from candidates,\" Nataraj said. \"Final answer keys will be published within seven days after the exam,\" he said. A blueprint for exams, including methodology, syllabus and model questions, will be published. TNPSC also plans to publish annual exam timetable which will be strictly adhered to and results will be published as per schedule.Nataraj is also keen on revamping the TNPSC's website. \"Efforts will be made to implement online application and one-time registration for candidates to avoid repeated registration\" he said. The results of exams conducted earlier will be published after the legal discussions, he said. More than 400 cases relating to TNPSC exams and results have been pending before courts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "malerkotla", "code": "11614335", "title": "Punjab assembly polls: High pitched battle between top cop wives", "text": "MALERKOTLA: The high pitched electoral battle at this princely town, where wives of two top cops are contesting, is being fought on different issues. Development is a big issue but has been put on the backburner. However, the biggest issue here is to get rid of anti-social elements. Both ADGP Mohammad Mustafa's wife and two times MLA Razia Sultana and former DGP Izhar Alam's wife Farzana Alam are both promising peaceful and safe environment for citizens. Both are leveling charges and counter charges of patronizing anti-social elements.Authenticating the fears as was suspected, the workers of Congress and SAD clashed and indulged in stone pelting at Malerkotla on Monday night. The window panes of more than a dozen cars were broken and most of these cars belonged to Congress workers. Police has registered cases against some of the Akali workers under various sections.SAD candidate Farzana Alam's husband and former DGP Izhar Alam said, \"Congress workers first tried to tear the SAD posters and then threw stone at his residence and fired shots.\"Congress candidate Razia said, \"Frustrated over sensing defeat, Akali workers smashed windows of about a dozen vehicles and are indulging in goondaism\". Razia said that if you want to get rid of anti-social elements, cast your vote to Congress.Going by the level of goondaism, a special investigating team(SIT) under DIG level officer had visited Malerkotla and recorded statements from both sides. Sangrur SSP Harcharan Singh Bhullar confirmed the incident and said police has booked certain Akali workers and investigations are on.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11609045", "title": "Babus blame Rosaiah for Ameerpet land muddle", "text": "HYDERABAD: Two senior IAS officials, T S Appa Rao and B P Acharya, on Monday blamed former chief minister K Rosaiah for denotification of the Rs 200 crore worth prime land at Ameerpet in the heart of the city in July 2010 in favour of certain private individuals.Following a complaint from an advocate, Mohan Lal, who charged the authorities with handing over the nine-acre piece of land at Ameerpet to GA Naidu and others in an unlawful manner, the court summoned the officials as witnesses and recorded their statements.While Appa Rao was the principal secretary of municipal administration at that time, Acharya was with HMDA as its metropolitan commissioner. Deposing before ACB special judge Jayasurya, the two IAS officials said that they had advised the Rosaiah government against handing over the land (acquired for a public purpose) to the private individuals as it would set a bad precedent and pose serious problems to the ongoing projects like the Outer Ring Road for which huge tracts of land were acquired. In their separate depositions, they told the court that the individuals falsely claimed to be the original owners of the land when it was acquired by the government. They came into the picture after the draft notification for acquiring the land was issued, the IAS officials said.\"I opposed the idea of handing over the land to the private individuals before and after the decision was taken. I had written two letters to the state in this regard. I had even asked the state to review the decision and cancel its orders. Even the legal opinion was against the government's decision,\" B P Acharya said.T S Appa Rao said that Rosaiah had overruled them as well as the then minister for municipal administration. Rosaiah himself had written on the note file giving green signal to returning the precious land, he said. The CM, in the note file, took the stand that the authorities had only taken symbolic possession of the land and it had never been with the state and that, according to a Supreme Court order, a symbolic possession was a nullity in the eye of law. \"When we opposed the decision and sought a review, the CM had stuck to his decision and had written on the file saying the earlier orders would hold good,\" Appa Rao said.Complainant Mohan Lal said the land was in the possession of the state now where a nursery was being raised. The court, which recorded his statement earlier, posted the case to Feb. 3.IAS officers BP Acharya and TS Appa Rao said that some individuals falsely claimed to be the original owners of the land when it was acquired by the government. They came into the picture after the draft notification for acquiring the land was issued, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11609078", "title": "Garbage stench greets visitors at Imliban Park", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Imlibun Park was meant to be a lung space amidst the concrete thicket in the Old City but local residents and visitors say they cannot step in, thanks to the stink the garbage transfer section raises right next door. Visitors to the park are welcomed by a long line of garbage dumper trucks at the gates!The eight-acre park was inaugurated in 2007 by then chief minister Y S Rajasekhara Reddy as part of the Save Musi Project. Before the development of the park, a lush green space replete with play equipment, paved walkways, et al, which are more common in the new city areas, was absent in the Old City.The park, therefore, was seen as a fulfillment of the longing of the residents who now rue that the garbage transfer station next door does not allow them to enjoy their visit to the park.\"The park was meant to be a green clearing in the Old City, but the stench of its surroundings is unbearable,\" said Hyder Jafferi, a resident of Darulshifa. The unhealthy surroundings also lead to breeding of mosquitoes, creating health issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11608998", "title": "Harassed wife, daughters hack man to death", "text": "HYDERABAD: Fed up with harassment, a woman allegedly murdered her husband with the help of her two daughters at Peerzadiguda on Monday.According to Medipally police, Balaiah, 50, a real estate businessman of Peerzadiguda, was addicted to alcohol. \"Every night he used to go home in an inebriated condition and harass his family,\" assistant commissioner of police (ACP), Malkajgiri, P Radhakishan Rao said.Balaiah's 45-year-old wife Lakshmi, her daughters, Bhagya Lakshmi, 25, and Santosha, 22, were fed up with his daily harassment. On Sunday night, Balaiah came home drunk and picked up an argument with Lakshmi. The argument went on till late in the night. At around 2 am, the trio lost their cool and attacked Balaiah with a pestle and kitchen knife.\"With severe injuries on the head, Balaiah died on the spot. Alerted by the neighbours, the Medipally police rushed to the house and arrested the three women on Monday morning,\" the ACP said.A case was booked against the three women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11611001", "title": "RTO cracks down on tourist buses", "text": "MUMBAI: The road transport office (RTO) has launched a fresh drive against tourist buses carrying illegal cargo.During surprise checks during the weekend, the Tardeo RTO caught owners of nine buses.The offenders were booked for overloading and carrying cargo without permission, and they had to pay fines to the tune of Rs 32,600.RTO sources said some offenders were sent to court to pay the fines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "dibrugarh", "code": "11611079", "title": "Republic Day: Dibrugarh airport on alert ahead of celebrations", "text": "DIBRUGARH: The domestic airport at Mohanbari, located 15 km east from here, has been put tight security following inputs from intelligence agencies about possible terror strikes before or on Republic Day. According to reports, Ulfa hardliners might try to launch strikes at vital installations, including airports.Airport controller SK Mallick on Monday said security has been beefed up at the airport ahead of Republic Day. \"We've temporarily suspended entry of visitors to the terminal building. Except passengers and authorized persons, no one is allowed inside. We're keeping a sharp eye on any suspicious movement with the aid of CCTV cameras,\" said Mallick.With multiple layers of security in place, the airport, now, virtually resembles a fortress. Frequent anti-sabotage checks are being conducted by CISF personnel inside the airport. Airport authorities have also sought the help of local police. Check points have been set up on all roads leading to the airport complex and vehicles are thoroughly checked at the entry gate.\"Frisking of passengers and manual checking of baggage has been intensified. Before boarding flights, passengers are now required to undergo an extra round of security check. We've advised flyers to report at the airport at least an hour in advance so that they can go through the mandatory security check. On January 26, no vehicle will be allowed to enter the airport complex,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11609001", "title": "City North has max young voters", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Around 12 lakh young voters would be voting for the first time. Young candidates contesting for the first time are a thrilled lot. They are making efforts to reach out to more and more voters.Young candidates like Anamika Chaudhary (BJP), Nirmala Paswan (BJP), Satyaveer Munna (SP), Jyoti Yadav (SP), Shashank Tripathi (SP), Deepanshu Patel (SP), Ravendra Prakash Ravi (Congress), Harshvardhan Bajpai (BSP), Manju Sant (Congress) and Sushil Mishra (Apna Dal) are trying their best to woo the voters.\"This is my first election. I am receiving overwhelming response from the masses during canvassing,\" said Shashank Tripathi, Samajwadi Party candidate from City North. Young voters are getting attracted towards young leaders and people are offering all sorts of love and assistance\" he added.Similar experiences were narrated by Anamika Chaudhary, BJP candidate contesting from Karchana assembly segment. She says \" it's a good and thrilling experience to reach out among masses and listen them carefully\". Despite she had won corporator's election thrice but is contesting the assembly poll for the first time.Congress candidate, Ravendra Prakash Ravi contesting from city west assembly segment is too feeling excited and energetic and wants to interact with each and every voter of the segment.Samajwadi Party candidate from city west assembly segment, Joyti Yadav is quite excited and is making efforts to reach out among masses. Despite belonging to a strong political background family, the young leader knows about the feeling of voters and is ensuring them that he would surely fulfill their expectations. The young candidates are more eying on young voters. There are around 13 lakh young voters across the district and the highest number of young voters is in Allahabad city north assembly segment. Officials at district election office revealed that around 1.81 lakh young voters have been increased in city areas comprising city north, city south and city west assembly segments.There are total 3,48,227 lakh voters in Allahabad city north assembly segment alone while the strength of voters in city south and city west assembly segment is 3,17,990 and 3,41,519 respectively.If one goes through data of young voters, there are around 4.21 lakh total young age voters in these three assembly segments who can play a vital role in selecting the candidates.Four filed nominations for 3rd phase: Four candidates filed nominations for third phase on Monday. Supporters of the political candidates were present in large numbers during the filing of the nomination. Apna Dal candidate from City (West) and former MP Atiq Ahmad who is presently lodged in jail filed his nomination through his representative on Monday. Indian Justice Party candidate Akhilesh Singh from City (West) also filed his nomination. Kaushal Anand Mishra, an independent candidate filed his nomination papers from City (North) assembly segment. Lastly, Vishwanath Pandey, an independent candidate filed his nomination papers from Handia assembly constituency.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11609802", "title": "Biker killed in mishap", "text": "PATNA: A motorcyclist was killed on the spot while the pillion rider sustained injuries in a head-on collision with a tractor near Pani Tanki under Sahpur police station in Patna district on Monday.Police said that one Ramji Ranjan, a native of Digha, along with his brother in-law Vinay Kumar , a native of Madhopur village under Maner police station, was on way to Danapur from Maner on a bike. Sources said that as the duo reached Sahpur Pani Tanki, their motorcycle collided head-on with a tractor coming from the opposite direction, resulting in the death of Ranjan on the spot while his brother in-law sustained injuries.The tractor driver abandoned the vehicle and escaped from the spot, police said and added that the injured was rushed to a hospital at Danapur.Danapur subdivisional police officer (SDPO) Anil Kumar said the tractor has been seized. Efforts were on to trace the driver, he added.Body recovered: The Kotwali police recovered the body of a newborn baby girl at south Bailey Road on Monday morning. Kotwali SHO Aman Kumar said the body was sent to PMCH for autopsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11609969", "title": "HC denies bail to Kobad Ghandy", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab and Haryana high court on Monday dismissed the bail application of Maoist leader Kobad Ghandy in a criminal case registered against him in Patiala.Ghandy was booked by the Patiala police in January this year following a tip-off that he visited Punjabi University, Patiala, under a fake identity. In his petition filed before the HC, Ghandy had pleaded innocence alleging false implication in the matter.The FIR was registered against the 63-year-old Ghandy and one Manoj alias Rajesh at the Sadar police station, Patiala, under sections 10, 13, 18 &amp; 20 of the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act and Section 419 and 120B of IPC. Ghandy, a politburo member of the banned CPI (Maoist), was arrested in September 2009 in Delhi, following a joint operation by intelligence agencies and the police. Since then he has been behind bars.In its petition filed through advocate R S Bains, Ghandy had pleaded innocence stating that he was booked for delivering a lecture in Punjabi University in April/May 2009 for spreading Maoist activities. He pleaded that at that time CPI (Maoist) was not banned. CPI (Maoist) was banned in June 22, 2009, he argued.He also pleaded that the Lt governor of Delhi had stayed all proceedings against Ghandy pending in various other parts of the country while exercising powers under Section 268 of Criminal Procedure Code (CrPc). As such, Ghandy has right to get bail, the petition said.It was also contended by Ghandy's counsel that witnesses of the prosecution agency in the case had not signed their statement. Claiming that Ghandy was an intellectual and had written two books, his counsel sought directions for granting bail in the case. After hearing his contentions, however, Justice V S Malik dismissed his bail application.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11614931", "title": "No Hollywood adaption for Amit Tripathi\u2019s novel", "text": "While Dharma Productions has acquired the rights of the bestselling Indian novel, 'The Immortals of Meluha' to be made into a Hindi film, author Amish Tripathi has confirmed that he is still looking at Hollywood productions houses to buy the rights for the Hollywood remake.\"Karan Johar has bought only the Hindi movie rights to the book. My agents are still in talks with production houses in Hollywood for the English adaptation of the book. The response from Hollywood has been great,\" said the author.Ask him if there is any particular Hollywood actor he would like to see play Lord Shiva, and the author is quick to respond, \"It's a difficult part to cast for. Even though I watch a lot of movies, I don't have any particular Hollywood actor in mind who I think could play Lord Shiva. If things work out, for all you know they might cast someone new in the role.\"The author is also quick to dismiss any comparisons between the Hindi movie adaptation of his book and the English version, if that happens anytime soon. \"The way Hollywood sees my book and imagines the characters is totally different from what we in Bollywood would do. That's because in India, we are already aware of many things relating to Lord Shiva. In fact, it will be interesting to see how Hollywood adapts my book,\" explains the author.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11610482", "title": "PCMC releases list of over 11.5 lakh voters", "text": "PUNE: There are over 11.52 lakh voters in the Pimpri-Chinchwad township as per the final voters' list released by the election department of the Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) on Monday.Uday Tekale, assistant commissioner and chief of election department, PCMC, said that of the 11,52,584 voters, the number of male voters is 6,31,653 and the number of female voters is 5,20,931. The number of voters has gone up from 7,69,483 for the municipal elections held in 2007, an increase of over 3.83 lakh.Pimpale Gurav (ward number 57) has 33,206 voters, the highest in any ward in Pimpri-Chinchwad, while Tathawade-Punawale ward has the lowest number of voters at 10,059. DVDs, priced at Rs 200, containing the final voters' list is available for sale at the offices of the 12 returning officers. Citizens can also inspect the list at the PCMC main office building in Pimpri.Ashok Munde, chief of election code of conduct cell, PCMC, said there will be around 1,355 polling booths in the twin township for the civic elections. The number of voters per booth will be around 800 to 850. The final number of polling booths to be created for the municipal elections will be known on Tuesday.He said, \"The election department had received a complaint through an e-mail that some people were distributing free liquor in Mahatma Phulenager in Bhosari MIDC. We informed the police, who found the information to be correct after conducting an investigation. A complaint was lodged in this regard against Hanumant Bangar and Rahul Mohite at the Bhosari police station. A complaint was also lodged against Zamabai Barne at Hinjewadi police station for distributing articles during a women's get-together.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11611155", "title": "SRM sets up centre for psychiatry", "text": "CHENNAI: SRM Medical College Hospital and Research Centre has started a training centre for mental health professionals at its campus in Kattankulathur. The centre, which will consist of a team of consultants from the UK and India, is mainly for Indians appearing for Royal College degrees. The course for the clinical assessment of skills will be conducted twice a year. A specialty clinic on mental health was also inaugurated on its campus.Dr M Thirunavukkarasu, head of the department of psychiatry at the college, said there are 40,835 MBBS seats in 335 medical colleges across the country. But due to stiff competition, only 29% of medical school graduates are make it to the postgraduate programmes in a clinical specialty, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11610167", "title": "Manja\u2019 cuts send 20 birds to Katraj rescue centre in a day", "text": "PUNE: Glass-powder coated 'manja' (a string that flies the kite) could be a must-have for the lovers of the sport of kite-flying, but the enthusiasm is often the cause for injuries to several helpless birds, especially during 'Makar Sankrant'.This year, more than 20 injured birds were admitted to the Katraj animal rescue centre on January 15 (the day after Sankrant). Since then it has been receiving five or six injured birds every alternate day. There were several other cases, unreported, where birds were rescued by animal lovers and released after treatment. A majority of the injured birds includes kites, pigeons and crows.The birds are injured once they get entangled in the 'manja' (also called Chinese manja though it has nothing to do with China per se ). The more the bird tries to free itself, the more the string cuts into the body. Most of the times, the string entangles the leg, wings and toes.Anil Hiraman Avachite, a 'sarpa mitra', has been rescuing injured birds and snakes for the last 31 years. \"Of the 14 injured birds rescued by me, four died this month. I treat the birds in case of minor injuries and release them. But in case of a major injury, I take them to the Katraj animal recue centre,'' he said.\"The birds get caught in the kite string during their flight. The nylon kite thread is dangerous too. I have rescued birds from tree tops. We have been appealing to people for many years to stop using 'Chinese manja'. Banning it will help as it will not be available in the market,'' Avachite said.Gaurav Dileep Pardeshi, a veterinarian at the Katraj animal rescue centre, said that some birds become handicapped for life. \"In most cases, they are brought after three or four days of the injury. As the strings are glass coated, it cuts through the skin. The birds have to be operated upon. 'Chinese manja' is dangerous even for humans,'' he said.Manoj Oswal, an animal welfare board officer, said that under the Bombay Police Act, 1951, the commissioner of police and director general of police can take a decision and ban anything that can be a threat to life.\"At present, the Chennai and Ahmedabad police department have banned 'Chinese manja'. It is not just a threat to birds, but also to humans. In one case, the 'Chinese manja' slashed the neck of a person, which resulted in his death. The Mumbai police had initiated the ban, but it has still not come into effect,'' Oswal pointed out.Legally speaking, if a bird is killed due to use of this manja, then the person is treated as a hunter and is liable to be punished as a poacher, he added.Not just in the city, similar incidents keep pouring in from other parts of the country as well. In a recent incident, seven critically endangered white-backed vultures died and eight were injured in and around Ahmedabad during kite-flying involving glass-coated manja, according to Parag Deori, veterinary officer working in Bombay Natural History Society's (BNHS) vulture conservation breeding programme. In another case, twenty painted storks died due to the use of 'Chinese Manja' in Bhavnagar, Gujarat, said Deori.BNHS director Asad Rahmani said, \"Our Society is greatly concerned about the death of vultures. Often 'Chinese manja' and glass-coated manja cause such casualties. Other species of birds such as pigeons, kites and storks are also affected.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11611330", "title": "Variation in temperature may cause rain", "text": "KANPUR: With sun shining brightly, the maximum temperature rose to 24.2 degree Celsius on Monday. However, the night temperature remained below the normal, leaving the people shivering.The minimum temperature stood at 4.6 degrees on Monday. The variation in day and night temperatures may lead to the development of cyclonic conditions. This could develop clouds and even cause rains in the days to come.The Met office predicted that the prevailing weather conditions may continue till weekend.\"The difference between maximum and minimum temperature can adversely affect the people. Those who put on less clothes during the day time had to bear chill in the evening. The sudden change in temperature is a favourable condition for bacterial diseases,\" Shailendra Tiwari, physician at Ursula Horsman Hospital, said. Wearing of warm clothes even while commuting in the afternoon is advisable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11608536", "title": "Samajwadi party to enter poll fray", "text": "PANAJI: After Trinamool Congress, it's the turn of Samajwadi party to venture into the Goan political arena. Mulayam Singh's party is going to contest the Goa assembly polls.Newly appointed president of Goa unit of SP Rohidas Shirodkar Monday said that the party will field around 10 candidates for the 40-member assembly.He told reporters that a couple of days ago he was appointed president of the Goa unit and that a executive committee will be in place soon.Among the seats SP is going to contest are Ponda, Sanvordem and Shiroda.\"This has been tentatively decided,\" Shirodkar said adding that the party is shortlisting some candidates for the other seats.\"Goa is being destroyed and we can't be mere spectators to the happenings. We stand for equality and betterment of the place,\" Shirodkar, who was in the Maharashtrawadi Gomantak Party in the past, said.Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11610215", "title": "Civic polls: Aspirants turn to astrologers, numerologists", "text": "PUNE: Ever since the announcement of civic polls, astrologers and numerologists are witnessing an increase in the number of politicians and other poll aspirants visiting them.Most concerns of these visitors range from seeking appropriate party tickets to winning the elections. Astrologers said that many of these aspirants have gone to the extent of performing 'yajnas', visiting shrines and holy places, buying gem-stones and even adopting vegetarianism and celibacy to improve their chances.Astrologer Manish Potdar has noticed a 10% increase in his clientele ever since the polls were announced. \"Politicians and corporators from all parties are coming to me. Many are concerned about procuring the desired party's ticket. They also ask for possible solutions if they feel that chances of getting a party ticket are slim,\" Potdar said.Gemstones such as 'bhagya ratna' or stone of fortune are being prescribed to brighten a candidate's winning prospects, Potdar added. \"Different stones are prescribed to different individuals. A good quality stone may cost anywhere between Rs 20,000 and Rs 25,000 and the 'netas' have no qualms about spending so much.\"Potdar had predicted that January 22 and 23 would be inauspicious days for candidates and asked them to refrain from doing any election-related work on those days. Politicians are also visiting holy places such as Shani Shingnapur to appease Lord Shani, he said. \"Most of them are visiting Shirdi, while a few are also going to the Ashtavinayak temples.\"Astro-numerologist Anupam V Kapil said that poll aspirants coming to him often get their opponents' date of birth and photographs.\"I combine all these to tell them the characteristics and weaknesses of the person they are pitted against. At times, I have people from the opposition as well as ruling parties coming for consultations,\" he said, adding that he has had MLAs and ex-mayors coming to him to know their prospects as well as those of their opponents.Kapil said that he has made several suggestions to such clients - from the colour of the pen that they are to use to what coloured clothes they should wear on the polling day to the colours to be avoided.\"They also ask what they should eat before they go on campaigning. Many have taken to eating 'curds' and applying saffron 'tilak' before they embark on any election-related chore. Some have paid visits to their 'kul devatas' (family deities). Some resort to 'tantra' and ask for protection from various negative influences or occurrences. I have, therefore, suggested many to wear suitable and good-quality gem-stones to magnify their positive energies. They would not even hesitate to remain celibate in order to win the election,\" he said.These solutions come with a hefty price tag. Kapil also suggests protection 'mantras', remedies for planetary 'doshas' and 'hawan' to many candidates. A 'hawan' can cost anywhere between Rs 21,000 and 1 lakh. \"The average cost of a good-quality stone, such as a yellow saphire or blue sapphire, can range from Rs 75,000 to Rs 1 lakh. Ruby or diamond costs between Rs 2 to 4 lakh,\" said Kapil, adding that an MLA also gave up non-vegetarian food and alcohol to improve his chances.\"The most popular mantras for prevention of psychic or physical attacks are connected with Lord Hanuman, in which candidates have to abstain from alcohol and non-vegetarian food,\" Kapil said.Astrologer Siddheshwar Maratkar said that he has asked a few aspirants to stay away from the elections as their stars predicted an unfavorable time for them. \"I have had corporators from various political parties coming to me to know whether the current period is favorable for them or not. They also ask whether they should contest elections or whether they would be able to get the desired party's ticket, among other things. At times, one has to compare a candidate's horoscope with that of his opponent to gauge his winning chances,\" Maratkar added.Feng shui expert Arun Jugadar said that a few corporators approached him to know what is in store for them in these elections. \"I have suggested certain changes to be made in their houses as per feng shui principles to help improve their luck,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11610221", "title": "Dwarka rape accused held", "text": "NEW DELHI: The accused in last week's Dwarka rape case was arrested early on Monday morning when he tried to sneak into his Palam Vihar house to pick up clothes and money for a long stay away from home.Police said they were able to trap Anuj Saini, who had eluded them since January 18, after taking his family members into confidence. \"They informed us when he called home to check on them. A plainclothes team was stationed outside his house based on the input. He tried to enter his house around 2am on Monday, and was nabbed,\" said an officer.Saini, 30, is married and has a year-old child. He allegedly raped a 20-year-old woman from a northeastern state last Wednesday night after offering her a lift in his car. Reconstructing the sequence of events, police officials said the woman was waiting at Iffco Chowk in Gurgaon when Saini arrived in his car and politely offered her a lift. Taken in by his fluent English and suave manner, the woman got inside the car but was driven to a secluded place near Dwarka's Sector 23 and raped.Police said the accused used the car's central locking to trap the woman, and turned up the stereo's volume to suppress her cries for help. The victim has also accused him of beating her when she tried to resist him.As Saini fled the spot after the crime, he dropped two debit cards that revealed his identity to the police. \"The bank provided us Saini's details, such as his phone number and address, but did not have a photo of the accused. However, we got it from his mobile phone service provider. His number was put on surveillance which showed he was constantly on the move and even visited Jaipur. In this way, he was able to elude our teams the first few times,\" said AK Ojha, DCP Southwest.Police said Saini is a DU graduate and worked as a sales executive with a private finance company. The car used in the crime belonged to his wife and was a wedding gift.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11609732", "title": "Construction worker dies after iron rod pierces head", "text": "BANGALORE: Construction worker Biju, 32, died when an iron rod fell from the third floor of a building under construction and pierced his head in Dodda Tegur off Hosur road on Sunday morning.Police said Biju, from Orissa, and others tied the rods and started hauling the bundle up to the third floor around 6.30am. When some rods came loose from the bundle and fell on Biju, one slammed into his head. He was rushed to Abhaya Hospital where he was declared dead on arrival. The body is at Victoria Hospital morgue and police will conduct a post mortem. A case of negligence leading to death has been registered against the contractor.Labour suffocates to deathBasavaraj, a 25-year-old daily wage worker, suffocated to death when he accidentally fell into a drain and the earth caved in on him. He was a native of Sindhanur in Raichur. The tragedy took place in Vrushabhavathinagar in Kamakshipalya, Bangalore west on Monday afternoon.\"He was squatting on the edge of the drain which is about 8ft deep. Suddenly, he slipped and fell down and mud covered him. Basavaraj died before other workers could pull him out,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11607320", "title": "MMC says yes to capping of Sonsoddo dump", "text": "MARGAO: The Margao Municipal Council (MMC) at its special meeting held on Monday has given its nod for the capping of the Sonsoddo garbage dump in a scientific manner as recommended by solid waste management consultant P U Asnani.Speaking to TOI after the meeting, chief officer of the MMC J B Bhingui said that the MMC will now invite expressions of interest (EoI) from interested agencies fordesigning the closure of the dump and preparing a detailed project report (DPR) based on which tenders will be invited for executing the work.The plan will now be placed before the high court of Bombay at Goa which is monitoring the progress of the work at the garbage treatment plant at Sonsoddo, it was said. The capping of the garbage dump was necessitated as the soil testing conducted by an independent laboratory of samples of the dump confirmed the presence of toxic metals. The proposal for scientific closure of the Sonsoddo dump on the lines of the Gorai dumping ground, Mumbai, was initially mooted by the concessionaire for the solid waste management plant, Fomento.Officials and councillors of the MMC then visited the Gorai site in October 2011 and seemed pleased with what they saw there.Asnani, in his report, suggested to the MMC that the Sonsoddo garbage dump be capped following specifications of scientific closure as per the Municipal Solid Waste Rules 2000, and that the exercise be monitored during the capping exercise. The capping exercise will now replace the original plan of screening the existing waste from the dump and carting away the rejects for safe disposal.As the proposed capping exercise stands in variation with the concession agreement signed between the MMC and the concessionaire of the garbage treatment plant, legal experts will be consulted to modify the contents of the agreement, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11613228", "title": "Whitney Houston faces financial problems", "text": "Whitney Houston is reportedly \"broke as a joke\".The 48-year-old singer - who has overcome crack cocaine addiction - has allegedly spent all of her fortune and is being financially supported by her record label Arista, which has given her an advance payment on her next album.A source told RadarOnline.com: \"Whitney's fortune is gone. Music industry heavy hitters are supporting her and her label is fronting her cash against her next album, but no one knows when that will be released ... She might be homeless if not for people saving her. She is broke as a joke.\"Whitney - whose ex-husband is Bobby Brown - is believed to be in such a dire financial position she has even had to resort to contacting friends for small loans.The source added: \"She called someone to ask for $100. It is so sad. She should have Mariah Carey money, and she's flat broke.\"In August 2001, Whitney signed the biggest record deal in music history at the time with Arista/BMG, renewing her contract with the label for $100 million to deliver six new albums.She released her last LP 'I Look to You' in August 2009.Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11609048", "title": "Traffic diversion", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The route diversion plan of traffic police on Monday helped the police authorities to regulate traffic on streets leading to Sangam at a time when lakhs of pilgrims had flocked the city to take holy dip on the occasion of mauni amavasya.While the roadways have deployed additional buses for the pilgrims, a large number of devotees had used their two or four wheelers to reach Sangam city. The police had set up four big parking slots near Sangam area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11609798", "title": "Two senior AMRI staff arrested", "text": "KOLKATA: Six weeks after the AMRI Dhakuria tragedy that killed 92 people, police on Monday arrested two senior executives who were allegedly responsible for the delay in calling the fire brigade. Sajid Hossain, the night administrator, and Preeta Banerjee, vice-president (administration), were arrested in early morning raids on their homes.With this, the AMRI arrest tally has gone up to 11. Sajid and Preeta have been charged with culpable homicide not amounting to murder. An Alipore court remanded them in police custody till January 30. Sajid was in charge of the hospital that fateful night. And Preeta is responsible for the daily running of the hospital, say police.Investigators say Sajid and Preeta wasted more than an hour calling their superiors instead of informing the fire brigade and this delay proved fatal. The fire department report says several lives would have been saved had the duo informed the fire brigade as soon as the smoke was detected in the basement of the AMRI annexe building.Sleuths have found that when Sajid informed Preeta, his immediate boss, about the fire, she instructed him not to inform the fire brigade and manage it with hospital staff.Instead, she asked Sajid to lock the main gates to prevent slum dwellers from entering the premises. \"We found at least four spots on the boundary wall where the barbed wires and razor wires were damaged. The slum dwellers claimed that they had to cut the wires as the main gate was closed,\" said an investigator. Slumdwellers saved many lives that night and were felicitated by the chief minister for their bravery.Police had interrogated Preeta and Sajid at the Kolkata Police headquarters two days after the tragedy. The duo often refused to cooperate and even tried to mislead the investigation, say police.Officers pointed out that even after being given a month, these officials could not provide the exact number of employees and their whereabouts, nor did they provide some important documents required for the investigation. The call details of the two AMRI executives will provide supportive evidence against them, say police.When the two accused were produced in court on Monday, the public prosecutors said that Preeta was aware of the violation of fire norms and the basement being used as a store and office. She cannot avoid her responsibility, they said, adding that Sajid was the man in charge of the hospital during the tragedy.Two other executives - Sanjib Pal and Satyabrata Upadhyay - are already in judicial custody along with six directors. Pal and Upadhyay were arrested on December 13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11614913", "title": "Bravehearts", "text": "On the eve of Republic Day (January 26), Veena Aruldass finds out that contrary to popular perceptions, the National Defence Academy (NDA) focuses equally on academics and physical rigourThe National Defence Academy (NDA) in Khadakwasla, 17 km from Pune, is the countrys premier inter-services training institution imparting combined training to officer cadets of the Army, Navy and the Air Force. Known as the Cradle of Military Leadership, cadets are groomed to go for pre-commission training in their respective academies.The academy ensures that it keeps up with changing times so that the training imparted is up to date. Lt Gen Jatinder Singh AVSM, SM, Commandant of the NDA, says that the training curriculum and infrastructure is constantly monitored and changes are incorporated as and when required. The academy provides an intensive education in science, technology, arts and military subjects. At the end of the training, cadets receive a graduate degree from the Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU).While a young cadet is being prepared intellectually, he is also toughened physically and mentally by a rigorous regimen of physical conditioning, which includes calisthenics, drill, swimming, horse riding and the full gamut of games and sporting activity. At the same time, he is exposed to various cultural activities as well as hobby and adventure clubs.S Rajasekhara, controller of results, and a faculty at the NDA for 28 years, says, \"Academics and physical training go hand-in-hand. Unlike popular perception, more than 68% of the curriculum includes academics. We are also promoting e-learning in a big way on campus.\"Echoing a similar sentiment, Johny T Abraham, associate professor, physics, says, \"We make sure that our cadets are capable of competing with others. Technological knowledge is essential and we have to keep the cadets up-to-date with changing technology. Our syllabus also changes regularly, based on the needs of the Indian military.\"BookmarkThe academys library has a stock of more than 90,000 books and journals, an internet centre and an open public access catalogue through which cadets can browse and select books online.Team spiritLt Col Dr Samir Rawat, the first psychologist at the NDA, says, \"A holistic approach to ensure overall development of the cadets is crucial. Apart from academic and physical training, emphasis is also given on mental training.\"He also conducts soft skills training for cadets, which, he says, is to enable youngsters to communicate better. \"We try to help them optimise their potential. Armed forces is not a profession but a way of life.\"Team building exercises, leadership and stress optimisation sessions are also held apart from counselling, behaviour modification and psychometric tests. The aim, he says, is to provide potential junior leaders with high standards of integrity, equipped and capable of leading troops to victory.Academic Cadet Captain G Dayakar Reddy from Andhra Pradesh, who will soon complete his Air Force training, says, \"We spend about 70% of our time in classrooms. Apart from the training, what will hold us in good stead in the future are ethics and values that we have learnt.\"Academic Cadet Adjutant Rojer Irom, from Manipur, says, \"When I first entered the academy almost three years ago, I felt lost. Today, my outlook towards life has changed. We are trained in all aspects of life and I have changed for the better.\"Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "gopeshwar (uttarakhand)", "code": "11610876", "title": "Uttarakhand polls: BJP deletes former CM Nishank", "text": "GOPESHWAR (UTTARAKHAND): Bhuvan Chandra Khanduri is the sole rallying point and spokesperson for a party beleaguered by allegations of corruption during the rule of his predecessor Ramesh Pokhriyal 'Nishank' . Many in BJP call the previous CM kalank but they know the damage is done, and Khanduri is solace for a party hoping to put up a serious fight. BJP's campaign has obliterated Nishank. The man himself is stuck in his constituency, a new one that will keep him occupied.After over two decades in politics , Khanduri has yet to learn to engage the masses in politicians ' language. This is a big advantage . His angst-ridden speeches strike a chord. He has played outsider, mocked politicians and got applause. His politician colleagues don't seem to mind, with the CM receiving maximum campaign requests from candidates.Conversation with Khanduri during a chopper ride from Chamba to Gopeshwar is either drowned in the noise of the machine or cut short by monosyllables . It is only the corruption issue that draws Khanduri out. He is confident that the version of Lokayukta bill passed few months ago could be a game-changer . Inclement weather with snow yet to melt in vast stretches is a worry for all parties.The bid to delete Nihank's tenure from popular memory does not wash with everyone. In the small crowd at Chamba, a few young men, two of them firsttime voters, are not impressed by the exorcising of Nishank . \"BJP says Khanduri is majboori of Uttarakhand, we want to know what was the party's majboori in removing him earlier. Also if Nishank was removed for corruption why has the party given him the ticket?\" says Rajeev Pundir, the most vocal of the youth. Rajeev has picked his lines from the Congress slogan, but he is amplifying what others feel many mountains away in Gopeshwar.But there is no denying the appreciation for Khanduri. Even cynics in the marketplace pity him for trying to clean the mess left behind by Nishank.Voter turnout is not predicted beyond 35%to 40%. Khanduri's strategy mixes past and present. He invokes the pride of Uttarakhandis taking them back to the struggle for a separate state and the murderous firing on protesters in Muzaffarnagar. \"How can a party that was against formation of Uttarakhand come to power,\" he asks voters, urging them not to vote for Congress.Uttarakhand Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11609314", "title": "Rajas in race to serve the people", "text": "LUCKNOW: It seems that political parties have been more than generous in giving tickets to 'rajas and ranis', considering the hold they still enjoy over their people. This time too, there are several members from royal families, who have jumped into the poll fray.While some of them have taken to a 'cycle'-ride to secure a seat in the assembly, others have either joined 'hands' with the Congress or have become a part of the saffron brigade. Ajay Pal Singh, from Arkha, an estate in Rae Bareli, has got a Congress ticket. Singh had defeated Swami Prasad Maurya, state president of BSP. Singh, this time is contesting from Unchahar. Arkha is one of the villages in Unchahar in Rae Bareli in UP.Kunwar Mayankeshwar Sharan Singh is contesting from Tilohi assembly seat in Rae Bareli, on a SP ticket. He had won the seat on SP ticket in 2007 also. Kunwar Raghuraj Pratap Singh (Raja Bhaiya) is contesting from Kunda, Pratapgarh, for the fifth time. Raja Bhaiya belongs to Bhadri family of Kunda and has been contesting elections as an independent candidate.In Agra, it's Mahendra Aridaman Singh, who is contesting on an SP ticket from Baah. Hailing from a royal family of Agra (Bhadawar), Aridaman had contested the 2007 election on a BJP ticket from Baah. He is continuing the political legacy of his father, Mahendra Ripudaman Singh. Many of these 'rajas' had contested both the assembly and parliamentary elections. Some of these noble families have a history of their generations contesting elections.SP has also given a ticket to Raja Anand Singh, from Mankapur estate of Gonda. He will be contesting elections from Gaura. He has been a four-time MP from Gonda. Raja had also left SP to join BSP before 2009 Lok Sabha election.Raja's son Kirti Vardhan Singh, also a two-time MP from Gonda, had contested 2009 election on BSP ticket. However, he lost to Beni Prasad Verma of the Congress. Both, Raja and his son joined SP again. Besides, SP has also given a ticket to Kunwar Ujjwal Raman Singh, from Allahabad, who is the son of Reoti Raman Singh, and Kunwar Shivendra Pratap Singh, from Maharajganj.Raja Jai Pratap Singh from Bansi seat in Siddharthnagar district is BJP's candidate. BJP has also given the ticket to Aditya Vikram Singh from Rudhauli and Kunwar Bhartendra Singh from Bijnor. Brijesh Singh, Raja of Unwal estate of Gorakhpur is also in the poll fray.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11609728", "title": "Bird watchers, pack your bags!", "text": "PATNA: If you love bird watching, then pack your bag, binocular and books on birds and get ready to enjoy a day watching birds within the state. Bihar State Tourism Development Corporation (BSTDC) has earlier this month launched a daylong package tour from Patna to Nalanda, the major spot for bird watching, in a bid to promote ecotourism in the state.\"Tourists can enjoy watching more than 3,000 birds of around 20 different species with our daylong package,\" Navin Kumar, deputy general manager, BSTDC told TOI.He added, \"Every year in winter, birds migrate from various countries and also from various parts of India to Bihar making it the best time to go for bird watching.\"Northern Pintail, Gadwall, Lesser Whistling Duck, Coots, Bronze-Winged Jacana, Pond Heron, Little Cormorant, Coucal, Red-Wattled Lapwing, Purple Heron and Purple Moorhen are some of the bird species you can watch during this daylong trip.\"Our charges are affordable,\" said an official of BSTDC. For those going in large groups (around 10 people), the charge is Rs600 per person. This includes vegetarian lunch and evening tea. The tour starts at 7am from Hotel Kautilya Vihar in Patna and would conclude at the same place at 8pm.For those going in smaller group (around four people), a car would be available for them. They would be charged Rs800 per person (including lunch and evening tea) and the timing would be the same, said an official.This tour would be a round trip from Patna and back, covering Giddhi lake and Pansokha lake which are about three km and four km southwest of ancient Nalanda ruins respectively (about 100 kms from the state capital) and Nav Nalanda Vihar pond which is about four kms from Giddhi lake.Lunch would be served at Rajgir where tourists would also get a chance to visit some of the major tourist spots. \"We are planning to include Afsar lake in Nawada district (25km from Rajgir) as we have found that the arrival of migrating birds here is double than that at Nalanda lakes. We are exploring the possibility of including this lake in the tour package,\" said BSTDC DGM Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11609836", "title": "Last batch of pharmacy ATKT students at a loss", "text": "AHMEDABAD: 150-odd pharmacy students of GU are at a loss - they have cleared their ATKT exams but the marksheets issued show their result as 'withheld' posing problems in getting admission to higher colleges and landing jobs.Sources said that these students were the last batch from pharmacy colleges before these colleges came under the purview of Gujarat Technological University (GTU) along with other technical courses.These students have cleared the ATKT exams but their marksheets show their result as withheld. Gujarat University officials said that they will look into the representation made in this case and work towards resolving the problem soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11609308", "title": "Bull racing continues despite ban, one injured", "text": "NASHIK: A 45-year-old farmer, who was a spectator of the bull-horse cart race in Naitale, Niphad, was seriously injured and has to be hospitalised.The incident took place on January 10 when the race began around 2 p m. The victim, Sahebrao Sarade, was trampled by a horse cart that came raging towards him when he was leaving after the competition around 5 p m, informed Anil Kataria, president of Society for Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (SPCA), Ahmednagar and member of the Committee to Monitor Animal Welfare Laws in Maharashtra.\"He has a head injury on the left side and the doctor says that the veins have been damaged. He has blood clots in his stomach as well. He was admitted in Yashwant Hospital in Peth Naka (Nashik city) but the family could not bear the expenses and they shifted him to a smaller hospital in Niphad,\" informed an eye-witness of the village on conditions of anonymity.He informed that last year a similar incident took place during the annual fair (yatra) during this part of the year when such races are organised. \"The victim Damu Shinde, had to spend around Rs 70,000 to treat the fractured joint of his skull. The chairman of the yatra committee had also come under a cart one year but he was not badly injured,\" he said.Sarade said that every year, some spectator gets injured in such races. \"I was leaving the venue when all of a sudden I was pulled down by the cart. My relatives have spent for my treatment until now but I will have to return the money. I am not in a position to do so,\" he said.The villagers inform that to make the animals run faster nails or some metallic pieces are placed on the hoofs of the horses, they are fed with opium, a battery charger is placed on the hind side of the horse and when the button is switched on a current passes through it, etc. They are also fed with medicines or are injected with drugs so that they do not get tired easily, they said. \"The tangawalas also consume opium and drugs and compete like in a battlefield. Many also get hurt,\" said a villager.\"They raise more than lakhs of rupees as funds from the villagers for the race. The police have declared Sarade's incident as an accident,\" said another eye-witness.The police however refuted the charges saying that an offence has been registered against the managing committee. Informed PI, Ramchandra Desai, \"Under Animal Cruelty Act, 1960, Police Hawaldar Y F Khaire has registered an offence against the managing committee. Our police went to the spot and we have video recording of the race.\"On being asked why the race was not stopped when they had prior information, Desai said, \"More than 200 people were gathered there. It is like a big battle and we are a handful. Since 2001, I stopped this race in Lingtanwadi, Sinnar, by constantly registering offences. I hope to do the same here. It won't change overnight, registering offences continuously are necessary.\"Meanwhile, Sarpanch Rajendra Borgude denied that any such incident took place. \"There has been no race and no injury,\" he said adamantly. On further probing, he agreed to it but said that he could not take any action since the race took place outside the gram panchayat limits.The villagers said that though the race is not held within the limits of the gram panchayat, the sarpanch of the village is always present on the occasion and that the race is held on a slightly elevated area barely 200 m from his house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11609449", "title": "'Kunjedathi' screened at Kritya 2012", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: 'Kunjedathi', a 30-minute short film based on celebrated Malayalam poet O N V Kurup's poem was screened at the second day of 'Kritya 2012', an international poetry festival held here on Tuesday.The film directed by Pradeep Nooranad portrays the story of 'Kunjedathi' and little 'Unnikkuttan'. Like the poem, the short film also depicts the other side of the Communist movement. Poet Kurup was also present at the first public screening of the documentary.The six-day festival dedicated to Rabindranath Tagore features poetry and its correlations, reflections and influences on painting and motion pictures. As many as 25 international poets and more than 50 Indian poets, including Malayalam poets, are participating in the festival.\"The festival is aimed at facilitating a healthy interaction between diverse cultures and traditions, and is expected to realize the noble concept of 'Vasudhaiva Kudumbakam' by forging strong bonds between representative figures from different parts of the world,\" says the festival director Rati Saxena. The festival is organized by Kritya, an international journal publishing contemporary Indian and world poetry.This is the second time the city is hosting the festival. \"Every year, the festival is held in a different region of the country. Combining poetry with other forms of art such as painting, music, poetry, films, theatre, folk and other performing arts, the festival allows international artistes to meet and appreciate local artistes from different Indian cultures and languages,\" she said.Along with poetry readings by world poets, the festival incorporates poetry in painting. Artist B D Dethan of Kerala would paint live on Rabindranatha Tagore's poetry and additional chief secretary K Jayakumar is exhibiting his paintings of Tagore's 'Gitanjali' at the festival,\" Rati Saxena said. During the upcoming sessions, filmmakers from Norway would screen their poetry films along with Indian filmmakers Gitanjali Rao and Noornad Prasadan. As part of the photo poetry, Odveige Klyve from Norway would exhibit her photo-poetry.The film directed by Pradeep Nooranad portrays the story of 'Kunjedathi' and little 'Unnikkuttan'. Like the poem, the short film also depicts the other side of the Communist movement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11610545", "title": "Fall on track hits Metro services", "text": "NEW DELHI:A 26-year-old man narrowly escaped death after he allegedly jumped in front of a Metro train at the Chandni Chowk Metro station while it was streaming out of the platform. Emergency brakes were applied immediately after the man, identified as Parash Lal, was seen falling in front of the train heading towards HUDA City Centre. However, he still got caught in the under-frame of the train and suffered serious injuries. Lal was rushed to the Asaf Ali Hospital in a state of unconsciousness and was reportedly admitted to the trauma centre. He is stable now.While it took about 20 minutes to carry out the rescue operations and re-start services, passengers reported massive delays on the line, from Jehangirpuri to HUDA City Centre, all through the evening and night. Gap between trains was so huge that several passengers were known to have left the station in search for autorickshaws .The incident took place around 5.25pm and sources said Lal jumped on the Metro tracks while the train was about to enter the tunnel from the platform. Police said they were yet to establish whether this was a case of attempted suicide or whether Lal had accidentally been pushed onto the tracks by the crowd. \"The point from where he allegedly jumped is an area where the ladies coach normally stands, being the first coach in each train. If he was pushed we would have to determine why he was there in the first place,\" said a source. Earlier also there have been incidents of people jumping on to the Metro tracks at the Chandni Chowk Metro station. In July 2008, a woman committed suicide after she jumped in front of the Metro at the station .Metro officials said that services resumed in 18 minutes and there was only a 10-second hold-up at Chhatarpur and Qutub Minar Metro stations. However, commuters complained they faced problems throughout the day and Metro services were very slow in the evening. At the Qutub Minar Metro station, commuters were forced to wait for up to twenty minutes for the train and some chose to leave and opted for autorickshaws instead . \"I waited for over 20 minutes and when I realised that no train was coming soon enough, I left the station and took an auto instead. Most passengers were doing that because of which getting autos had also become difficult,\" said Anita Khanna, a resident of CR Park.Later in the day, to compound the problem, a train on the same line developed a snag in one door because of which it had to be taken off at Kashmere Gate. This caused afurther delay of 12 minutes in services for commuters going towards Gurgaon.Kalkaji resident Aparna Agarwal complained she waited for a Metro to HUDA City Centre at Rajiv Chowk for a half hour, but when the train did not arrive, she called a cab. \"There were some problems again at night on the same line when a train coming towards the Rajiv Chowk station developed some problem in a door. It had to be taken off at Kashmere Gate which caused a delay of 10-12 minutes,\" said a DMRC official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11609805", "title": "That table's a benchmark for him", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A particular table in Panjab University's A C Joshi Library is more than just a piece of furniture for O P Midha, who is now the director-principal of a prominent B-school. It is where his mind has been feeling most at home since July 1987. Midha has been using the table for around 25 years for studying. He recently completed his LLM and finished his MBA, PhD and LLB before that.Midha said he had been so attached to the table that he would wait for many hours for it to get vacated.Over the years, his beloved table developed many cracks and got worn out. \"I do not treat this place as a library. It is a place of worship for me. The smell of old books and the nostalgia of having begun my educational career here keeps bringing me back. I owe everything to this place,\" said Midha.He added that the library staff often shuffled the furniture around, but because of certain broken corners, he was always able to spot his favourite table. Midha said he joined the university after graduating from Government College, Sector 11. He stated that his friend, U S Malik (who now is additional director of Haryana food and supplies) used to occupy the table in the library at 5am.\"On days when we started studying early, it used to be fruitful. There have been days when we started studying as early as 4am. On other days, we would skip meals to study continuously just to keep the table,\" added Midha.He stated that on days when he had to forcibly sit on another table because \"his place\" was occupied, his mind never be at peace. \"I could never sit at home of any other place to study,\" said Midha. After his LLB from PU in the 90's, he continued with his education even though he accomplished many feats professionally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11608041", "title": "Excise raids net liquor worth over Rs 80,000", "text": "PANAJI: Excise officials have seized liquor worth over Rs 80,000 from across the state over the past two days.Salcete excise officials seized a cache of 264 bulk litres of liquor was worth 22,600. Sources told TOI that 26 cartons of whisky from a truck parked near the godown of the liquor company on January 21. Sources inform that the driver could not produce the necessary permits for the same. Two cartons of Indian Made Foreign Liquor (IMFL) were also seized.Excise officials in Tiswadi seized 161 bulk litres of liquor worth 13,400 from a bar. Sources said the liquor included 8 cartons of beer and 16 cases of IMFL.A raid in Mapusa, led to seizure of liquor worth 11,000 being seized. Sources told TOI that 79.5 bulk litres of IMFL, including whisky bottles of leading brands, were seized on January 21. It is suspected that the liquor was to be transported to Karnataka. An FIR has been lodged.On January 23, Bardez excise officials also booked two cases of illegal sale of beer and assorted IMFL worth 500.Sattari excise officialsseized 68 bulk litres of IMFL and 6 bulk litres of cashew worth 10,500 on January 22. The unaccounted liquor was seized from a bar. The officials also seized 13 bulk litres of liquor worth nearly 1,000 the previous day. Two raids on January 21 in Mormugao netted a haul of 24 bulk litres of liquor worth 2,800.Quepem officials conducted five raids the same day booking four cases of illegal sale. In all, 67 bulk litres of liquor - including five cartons of beer, six bottles of IMFL and 30 bulk litres of cashew feni - worth 4,700 were seized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11614630", "title": "Mumbai teachers learn how to promote heritage", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai chapter of Intach (Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage) has initiated a Heritage Club programme for schoolteachers in the city. It will train educators to sensitise students to Mumbais built and natural heritage.Tasneem Mehta, who heads the Mumbai chapter of Intach, said the two-day inaugural workshop was conducted at the Bhau Daji Lad Museum (BDLM) of which she is thehonorary director. BDLM is the citys oldest museum built in 1872 and is located in the precincts of Byculla zoo.Teachers representing 15 schools participated in the workshops held on January 17-18. Day 1 of the schedule familiarised them with the activities carried out by Intach as well as the restoration work it has carried out at BDLM. Teachers from Al-Jamiatul Islamia International, Bombay Cambridge, Gopi Birla School, Greenlawns, Nalanda, Navy Children School, R N Podar, Sacred Heart, Singapore International, Tridha Academy, Villa Teresa, Diamond Jubilee High School for girls as well as boys and Arya Vidya Mandir were present.Sharmila Ashtamkar, who teaches at Bombay Scottish, said she would incorporate these lessons into the schools Unesco Club which she heads. We have been familiarising students with Indias cultural heritage (built and living). For instance, when Unesco declared 2011 as the International Year of Forests, we organised a film show on the subject. We took a field trip to acquaint them with the preservation of churches and convents in Goa which is a World Heritage Site, she said. Such training programmes help to update our knowledge.Yamini Purohit, who teaches history at Tridha Academy, appreciated the interactive nature of the workshops that were held on day one. We were reacquainted the various elements of Indias cultural heritage. These are things we have always known but we tend to forget, so this session served as a reminder, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11611333", "title": "Political parties wooing migrant voters", "text": "KANPUR: Call it a call from heart or sheer political exigency, various political outfits are in constant touch with migrant voters and motivating them to return to their 'majras' (small village pockets), towns and villages this assembly elections.While some parties are sending their representatives, many are opting for courier and cargo companies in order to dispatch invites, and yet others are trying to keep a tab on them through SMSes and phone calls.\"As Election Commission is busy chalking out strategies to strictly counter impersonation and bogus voting on behalf of migrant workers, political parties have started acknowledging the value of each and every single vote. They are now making earnest efforts to involve the migrant population in the electoral process. They are making rounds of our homes to confirm if anyone from our family is working or residing in other cities,\" said Rahat Khan, a resident of Bindki in Fatehpur.States like Maharashtra, Gujarat, Punjab and Haryana witness huge influx of workers from Uttar Pradesh. It is this vote bank that the local politicians, contesting 2012 assembly elections, are trying to bring back.\"If all this is happening on a positive note, I think there is no harm in approaching them as it would aware them of the country's democratic structure and also ward off elements involved in bogus voting. We are making phone calls besides sending our representatives in person with publicity material to motivate them to return to their respective native places and participate in the electoral process,\" said Shafi Ahmed of Congress, who had returned after visiting several migrant population dominated localities and slums in Mumbai.\"For example, there are around 10,000 voters in Bindki assembly segment in Fatehpur district working in Mumbai and other major industrial towns. Now, it has become a need of the hour for us to make them participate in poll process. Their votes will definitely play an important role in deciding the polls. So, we are trying our best to motivate them in every possible manner,\" said another party worker. \"If all goes well, we would even try to rope in Bhojpuri actors and actresses. They are a huge crowd puller,\" he added.Talking to TOI, a Samajwadi Party worker from Achalganj Baiswara area in bordering Unnao district, claimed: \"There is a major chunk of bonafide voters, mostly youth, from villages like Purwa, Maurawan, Bhagwantnagar and Bighapur working in cotton fields of Gujarat. In these assembly elections, they mean a lot to us. As their number is quite high, we are requesting their employers to send them back home so that they can cast vote in these elections,\" he added.A leader of BJP, Surendra Maithani, said: \"It is important to rope them in electoral process to avoid impersonation and bogus voting. As no effort is yet being made by the Election Commission of India to engage them in the democratic process, we are trying hard to contact them as their votes would definitely leave an impact on the result.\"Meanwhile, district election officer/district magistrate, Ramabai Nagar, Mayur Maheshwari informed TOI: \"An appeal is being made to distant voters and even NRIs to come and cast their votes in the ensuing assembly elections. In the recent drive undertaken by us, around 10,000 such voters working in distant cities have been identified in the district. Their wards studying in various government schools will be provided with a postcard that will contain messages with appeal to exercise their franchise in the upcoming assembly elections. These postcards will be further collected and dispatched to the voters. This effort should certainly leave an impact on the migrants.\"Muneesh, a native of Kannauj district who returned home from Punjab recently, said he and his family members were in their native place to cast vote for the overall development of their village.Election 2012 NewsUP Assembly Election 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11609066", "title": "Civic activism raises the pitch", "text": "High civic activism is a hallmark of H-West, yet this public proaction has not entirely been able to shield the area from civic problems. The immense popularity of the neighbourhoods that fall under the ward-Bandra (West), Khar (West) and Santa Cruz (West)-has inadvertently resulted in difficulties that the residents are consistently grappling with.H-West ward has six electoral seats, of which currently two are held by the Congress, one by the Bharatiya Janata Party, one by Shiv Sena and two by Independent candidates. Of the last two, Vilas Chauri fought the 2007 civic poll from electoral ward number 94 as an Independent but later joined the saffron alliance. His seat, in this election, has fallen under the reserved category as have four others in the ward. Consequently, there is just open seat (electoral ward 95, which is at present represented by Congress' Kavita Rodriques) in H-West and, political analysts predict, it is bound to be in great demand in every party.In H-West, the municipal authorities have always been ably assisted, at times even guided, by the ward's residents. Boasting of around 200 ALMs and citizens groups, they have kept a watch on local governance and political functioning, and implemented many programmes of their own. They have successfully preserved open spaces, restricted rampant growth of illegal structures and closely coordinated with civic and police officials on projects.Still, there remain stubborn problems. Bandraites feel their neighbourhood is steadily devolving into chaos as development continues unthinkingly and traffic grows unendingly. Khar residents have similar complaints about illegal constructions and unlicensed hawkers. It does not help that the voter turnout in most parts of H-West is usually very low.AGNI trustee Shyama Kulkarni complained that traffic in her neighbourhood of Bandra has reached alarming proportions in the last few years. \"The problem worsened after the construction of the Bandra-Worli Sea Link. Also, although Hill Road has been made a no-hawking zone, unlicensed street sellers keep coming back. The area's infrastructure needs to be strengthened in accordance with the growing development.\"Anandini Thakoor, chairperson of the H-West Ward Welfare Association, pointed out that garbage clearance is one of the big problems in Khar. \"The pavements are very high. The drains are choked. During the monsoon, several areas get flooded,\" she added.BJP corporator Ashish Shelar, who currently represents constituency number 93 in H-West, said the ward has problems as well as strengths because its proximity to the sea. \"A pumping station that was much-needed is in progress to keep the sea water from entering the area. A sewage treatment plant is also needed. Since it is a developed ward, the sewer connectivity needs to be strengthened,\" he said.Congress corporator Asif Zakaria said not too many problems bedevil his constituency, though traffic snarls are a matter of concern. Shiv Sena corporator Mahesh Lokegaonkar maintained that encroachments and uneven footpaths are the biggest concerns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11609921", "title": "Punjab polls: Code complaint against Badal's special principal secretary", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In an interesting development, People's Party of Punjab (PPP) has filed a complaint against senior IAS officer K J S Cheema, alleging that the officer organized a meeting in favour of Congress candidate Rajinder Kaur Bhattal in his native town of Moonak Mandi on Monday.Cheema is special principal secretary to chief minister P S Badal, and was shifted to Punjab from West Bengal on Badal's request after SAD-BJP government came into power. PPP secretary Arunjit Sodhi called it a \"case of gross infringement of the code of conduct by none other than a very serious functionary of the Punjab government\".Bhattal told TOI that she had indeed visited Cheema's house, \"because I was holding door to door canvassing in the area which is inhabited by Cheema clan. There was no reason for me to avoid that house since they are also our voters.\" Bhattal, also claimed that she did not interact with the officer, but with his uncle.Ruling party candidate S S Sarao, who is also a former government official, had also visited Cheema's residence but had left before Bhattal arrived there. \"The officer was present there but his uncle was addressing the people gathered in the house,\" said Sarao. \"Some of my supporters from SAD, who had stayed behind did not approve of Bhattal's visit and they expressed their annoyance, I am told. I am investigating the matter further,\" he claimed.Cheema did not take any call from media people. CEO Kusumjit Sidhu said she had asked the DEO to investigate into the matter. \"A notice would be served only after confirmation of the incident,\" she said.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "prosenjit couldn't make it to the premiere of \" aparajita tumi\". reason", "code": "11612898", "title": "Aparajita Tumi's starry premiere", "text": "Prosenjit couldn't make it to the premiere of \" Aparajita Tumi\". Reason: He was stuck in a shoot in Hyderabad. Indraneil couldn't attend the screening but came for the after-party. Reason: Daughter Meira didn't want daddy dear to leave her behind and wanted to come along. And she did too once the screening was over.But for the rest of the cast of Aniruddha Roy Chowdhury's film, Friday's premiere at a city theatre was memorable. A tense Aniruddha called everyone on stage and searched around for his lead actor (Kamalinee) even while she was standing right next to him! That's what premiere jitters do to a director, we suppose.Once the screening was over, Aniruddha said, \"Jogen Chowdhury called it a painting on celluloid. People have empathized with all the characters. Kaushik Ganguly messaged: \"You are a poet and a great cook\". Padmapriya's accent has been appreciated and our friend, Debasish Roy, has helped her to get the American twang while Sohag Sen and Indrani got her Bangla right. Padmapriya has given a new moniker to Indrani. She calls her Indulekha Pathshaala. As for Indraneil, both he and I got his Bangla accent right. His daughter started her premiere-outings with my movie.\"Chandan Roy Sanyal was overwhelmed with the feedback. \"Lyricist Chandril came up to me and said \"Ashamanya\". Another stranger complimented me and I said 'thanks'. The person looked at me and said: 'You were so good. Don't thank me.',\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11609721", "title": "Dignitaries to attend BCE-NITP alumni meet", "text": "PATNA: Top politicians, bureaucrats and engineers of the state will attend the annual meeting of the Bihar College of Engineering-National Institute of Technology Patna (BCE-NITP) Alumni Association scheduled for February 5.NITP electrical engineering head and alumni association secretary Girish Kumar Chaudhary said that dignitaries like CM Nitish Kumar , rural works minister Bhim Singh , Bihar State Electricity Board chairman Prabhat Kumar Rai, Uttar Pradesh government principal secretary Arun Kumar, public works department director general Chandra Shekhar , Railway Board member A P Mishra, and former vice-chancellors S N Sinha and R K Mahto and former pro-VC S I Ahson will grace the occasion.The annual meeting would include a cruise on the Ganga, a cricket match between engineers and professors, musical chair, housie and various other cultural programmes. Besides, alumni who have completed 50 years and 25 years of association with the engineering profession would be honoured on the occasion, according to spokesperson Prof Santosh Kumar and Chaudhary. Toppers of last year will be awarded gold medals. An attractive souvenir containing technical and popular articles would also be released, said Santosh.Science Day celebrations: The Bihar Council on Science and Technology (BCST) will celebrate the National Science Day on February 28 on a grand scale. A decision to this effect was taken at a meeting of the organizing committee held here on Monday under the chairmanship of BCST project director Upendra Narain Singh.Two eminent scientists from the Bhabha Atomic Research Centre have been invited to deliver the keynote address on the focal theme, 'Clean Energy, Options and Nuclear Safety'. A booklet based on this theme would also be released on the occasion. The winners of the National Children Science Congress would also be honoured. Those who attended the meeting included Magadh University chemistry teacher R K Verma, A N College teacher Krishna Kumar Singh and officials of the state science and technology department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "11610006", "title": "Kingpin of Assam Rifles job scam remanded to Jail", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: Kingpin of the Assam Rifles job scam, Archana Singha, who was under custody of Delhi police, was produced in a local court at Dehra and sent to three-day police custody on Monday.\"We were seeking her custody from last one month and are now hopeful of getting valuable information regarding her network in rest of the country,\" said SP Kangra Diljeet Singh Thakur. The said job scam was busted after the duped youths started complaining in different police station at Jawalamukhi, Dehra and Haripur of district Kangra. Archana Singha was operating the racket in Himachal through Sanjeev Aery, Ramesh Chand, Joginder Pal, Kuldeep, Ranjit Singh and Anita Sandal, a BJP leader. All the accused have been arrested by the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11609885", "title": "Ring roads to fuel future growth", "text": "VADODARA: The development plan for the city prepared by Vadodara Urban Development Authority (VUDA) has for the first time proposed major ring roads in the VUDA limits. Two ring roads will run parallel to each other and are expected to fuel future growth and expansion trends in the peripheral areas of the city.Sources said the proposed ring roads are 90 metre and 75 metre wide. They will meet at Dhanora in the West and a single road will continue towards the eastern parts of the city till Kajapur.Officials said the two roads will be approximately 60 kilometres long. While the outer ring road will be the broader 90 metre one, the inner one will have a width of 75 metre.It will be for the first time that such broad ring roads will be made either in the city or outside it. It will also provide connectivity to the IT, technology and knowledge nodes proposed in the VUDA limits.Uncertainty, however, prevails regarding the 75 metre ring road around Sevasi village where its breadth has been reduced. Sources said clarity was being worked out. The development plan had also proposed that all roads leading outside the city should be 24 to 40 metres broad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11613350", "title": "Manipur assembly polls: Mamata Banerjee to address rally", "text": "KOLKATA: Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee is now eying Manipur. Buoyed by her landslide victory in the Lok Sabha and assembly bypolls a few months ago, the Trinamool supremo is super confident to making inroads into untapped locales.The chief minister is scheduled to travel to Manipur on Wednesday, ahead of the state assembly elections in the north-eastern state. She will reach Imphal in the afternoon itself, and take part in a rally near the Tulihal airport.The chief minister has engaged her trusted lieutenants Mukul Roy (Union minister of state for shipping) and Rajya Sabha MP Derek O' Brian for building up a support base at Manipur. She has also engaged youth leader Sourav Chakraborty, who is currently camping at Imphal along with the other two senior leaders for the last fortnight. Chakraborty said, \"The ground for the rally has been selected with care. It is next to the CRPF headquarters. So security issues will be well guarded when the chief minister addresses the crowd tomorrow.\"Mamata is scheduled to complete her speech in an hour and return to Kolkata the same evening. Chakraborty and other Trinamool leaders had gone visiting Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose's memorial at Mairang at Netaji's birthday on Monday.They paid their respects to him, evoking the Bengal connection in Manipur. Chakraborty and Mukul Roy have been made Trinamool's election observers at Manipur. They have been working in tandem with Manipur's Trinamool leader Kim Gangte. Derek O Brian, too, has cancelled his Pakistan visit with a team of MPs to stay put at Manipur.On Sunday, the Trinamool leaders released their poll manifesto which called for peace in the region as well as the long-needed development of this hilly state.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11609657", "title": "Get ready pay toll to reach airport, Hyderabad", "text": "BANGALORE: Get ready to pay toll while driving to the Bengaluru International Airport (BIA), Nandi Hills, Hyderabad or beyond. The state government has given its go-ahead to the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) to collect levy on Bellary Road.The toll will introduced within a fortnight. All four-wheelers, buses and other heavy vehicles taking the main carriageway will pay a toll but those taking service roads will be spared. Two-wheelers will be spared.The toll plaza, damaged last April by those protesting against the toll, is now being rebuilt at Sadahalli Gate, about 0.5km before the Trumpet Intersection on the route to BIA.\"The Karnataka government gave the green signal to collect toll a month ago. Twenty days ago, we wrote to Navayuga Engineering Company, which has been contracted with developing the road and collecting toll. It initially sought a month's time but later said it would get the plaza ready in about 10 days from now,\" said AK Mathur, chief general manager (technical), NHAI.The move has raised the hackles of commuters. \"Road development work should have been completed. We're not going to allow them to collect toll from airport-bound vehicles. The toll plaza can be beyond the Trumpet Intersection,\" said RK Holla, secretary, Bangalore Tourist Taxi Owners' Association.Holla claimed NHAI had only created some space for service roads and the corridors had not been clearly defined. He also said cabbies and other commuters would protest any move to levy toll. \"Three cab associations catering to airport traffic will certainly protest. We would not have had any problem if the highway drive had been made smoother and signal-free,\" he explained.Protests by cabbies and locals against the toll last April had turned violent, forcing authorities to call off the move within a few hours of its commissioning.The toll, if it becomes a reality, may force BMTC hike the fares on its Vayu Vajra service catering to air travellers.Critics pointed out that the initial promise of the road to BIA being a signal-free passage has not been kept and any toll move would be a betrayal.Likely toll ratesLight Motor Vehicle -- Rs 20Bus -- Rs 60Truck - Rs 95 - Rs 115Corridor of uncertaintyThough NHAI claims service roads have been demarcated clearly and those using them need not pay the toll, cab operators say the service road corridors have been undefined on several stretches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11611119", "title": "Uppinangady remains volatile; police step up vigil", "text": "MANGALORE: The situation in Uppinangady town in Puttur taluk that saw mob frenzy following Hindu Samajotsava on Sunday evening remained volatile on Monday. Police team headed by M N Anucheth, ASP, Puttur on Monday rescued a youth after he was held hostage by a mob at a religious event in Mugaradka after being found in company of girl from another community.Pratap Reddy, inspector-general of police (western range) told TOI that while the situation was under control, police was maintaining strict vigil in the area to prevent the situation from worsening. \"Police officials headed by SP Abhishek Goyal are camping in the area. Additional police forces deployed as part of bandobast for Samajotsava are patrolling the area,\" he said.Police were verifying the sequence of events that led to the boy being held hostage by the crowd at Mugaradka as there were contradictions in the versions given by the boy and the crowd, he said.IGP added that it was left to the district administration to take a call on imposing prohibitory orders.\"So far, we have registered four cases. More cases after today's incidents could follow,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11610220", "title": "Nomination process from today", "text": "NAGPUR: The tussle for the civic polls will formally begin from Tuesday with distribution and submission of nomination forms. Municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal will also declare the election programme on Tuesday.NMC will start distribution of nomination forms from 11 am on Tuesday. The forms will be distributed from 12 zonal offices between 11 am and 3 pm up to January 30. On January 31, they will be given up to 2 pm. Forms will not be distributed on January 26 and January 29 which are Republic Day holiday and Sunday respectively.NMC will also simultaneously begin to accept the nomination forms from 11 am on Tuesday. The forms will be accepted between 11 am and 3 pm up to January 31. The nomination fee is Rs 5,000 per head for open category and Rs 2,500 for reserved categories.\"Forms will be at the zonal offices by 8 am on Tuesday so distribution starts from 11 am. The final voters list will also be available there. The officials concerned will check the voter's serial number while accepting the nomination forms. The applicant has to fill the nomination forms with signatures of a proposer and seconder who have to be voter in the same ward,\" said an official.The SEC had already made it clear that the A and B-forms may be submitted by January 31. The applicants from national and state-level parties may submit the nomination forms and later submit the A and B-forms. Congress-NCP-Lokmanch and BJP-Sena are yet to declare their candidates.\"Our alliance with NCP, Lokmanch and a few RPI groups has materialized. The list of candidates will be declared in a phased-manner. The first list may come after January 25. A majority of the candidates will submit the forms in last three or four days,\" said a Congress leader. Same is the case with BJP-Sena. The alliance is likely to be declared on January 25 followed by list of candidates.As per directives of SEC, NMC will also start keeping the record of election expenses of all candidates who will fill the nomination forms.A team under a returning officer has been specially appointed for this. The forms will be scrutinized on February 1. They may be withdrawn on February 3 followed by distribution of symbols on February 4 and declaration of final candidates the same day.The polling is on February 16.Key datesDistribution of forms: Jan 24-31Submission of forms: Jan 24-31Scrutiny of forms: Feb 1Declaration of final list: Feb 4Polling: Feb 16", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11609561", "title": "Look forward to the death of organized religion: Richard Dawkins", "text": "JAIPUR: Richard Dawkins - scientist, bestselling author and the world's foremost atheist- comes across as mild-mannered and genial but doesn't believe in pulling his punches. He certainly didn't on Monday at the Jaipur Lit Fest as he blasted the \"lamentable disgrace\" of Salman Rushdie's enforced absence. He also launched a broadside against the \"virus of faith\", and said he looked forward to the \"complete death of organized religion\" in his lifetime.\"Far too much sympathy is shown to people who claim to be motivated by religion - sympathy that would not be shown to people acting from mere prejudice. I have a problem with Santa Claus, baby Jesus and Rudolph the red-nosed reindeer, but I can't act on this without being held accountable. I may, on grounds of taste, want to murder a TV personality, but I can hardly do so. And yet, it seems it is somehow acceptable for someone to act without accountability simply because his religious sentiments have been hurt,\" said Dawkins.Reading from a modified statement that he had originally written after the fatwa was first pronounced against Rushdie, Dawkins pointed out that in the 16th century, some Catholics in England had written to a senior figure in the Vatican asking if it was acceptable to murder Elizabeth I. The answer was that since the Queen had led millions away from Catholicism, her murder would be a commendable act. Dawkins didn't spell it out, but two points were clear- he wasn't targeting a faith but all of them, and nothing much has changed in almost 500 years. \"Religion is deadly because it makes people willing to die and kill for it without a shred of evidence to back up their beliefs,\" he said.Asked by a member of the audience if he wasn't being presumptuous in dismissing lots of stuff that science doesn't understand as hogwash, he replied, \"If we don't understand something, we should roll up our sleeves and get to work trying to figure it out. We should not be lazy and call it supernatural.\"To another query about the scientific efficacy of Yoga, he said, \"By science, I don't just mean men in white coats in labs. Any system of thought that is open to inquiry and is willing to change its beliefs when confronted with evidence to the contrary is science. But when someone says, \"This is the truth for all time &amp; it can never be questioned\", that's unacceptable for me.However, when asked how the rise of religious fundamentalism could be checked in India, he said he did not know enough about India to answer the question with any authority. He did add, \"I am aware that side by side with spirituality, there is also a noble tradition of atheism in this country and I would like to have better contact with free-thinkers and rationalists here.\" What does the author of \"The Selfish Gene\" feel about studies positing the existence of a 'God Gene'? \"I think it's probably true that there might be certain genetic propensities which lead to religion. But I won't call it the 'God Gene.' There could be a genetic predisposition in children to obey authority, which is a good thing from the evolutionary viewpoint, but it makes you vulnerable to nonsense too,\" he said.The ideal world for Dawkins is a world without religion, but his short-term remedy is absolute separation of the state and the religious bodies. \"There shouldn't be any privileges given to the religion by the state, no tax exemption.\"Today's secular democracies do make a distinction between the Church and the State, but politics and religion still provide sustenance to each other, even in the US. When will we see the first atheist President of the US? \"I suspect we have already seen several atheist US presidents, they just didn't admit it,\" responded Dawkins. \"I suspect Lincoln was an atheist, probably so was Kennedy. Obama is an intelligent man, so I wouldn't be surprised if he's a closet atheist\". Does that make them all hypocrites? \"You can't be an American politician without being a hypocrite,\" signed off the renowned biologist and ardent Darwinian.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11609972", "title": "String of welfare schemes for street vendors", "text": "BHOPAL: After enacting legislation for protection of livelihood of street vendors, Madhya Pradesh government on Monday announced to launch a string of schemes such as soft loans, credit cards, maternity benefits and a law to check activities of loan sharks for their welfare.Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan made these announcements at the \"Street vendors' panchayat\", held at his residence here as a part of his exercise to hold open dialogue with the prospective stakeholders before taking decisions on welfare measures and policy initiatives for them.\"We have decided to provide identity cards to all street vendors in the next three months. Schemes to provide soft loans and credit cards to them are also being finalized\", he announced at the largely attended meeting.Addressing the dialogue session, he said identity cards to street vendors would help eliminate the possibilities of their harassment. He said that the street vendors having Identity Cards will be eligible to a number of welfare measures like education of children, health cover, and marriage of daughters, delivery and assistance during accidents.Chouhan said that the state government will consider chalking out a scheme for housing facilities to the street vendors. He said the urban local bodies will identify and develop specific places for the street vendors. Such places will be categorised into three zones - Green, Yellow and Red. In the Green Zone, street vendors would do business throughout the day while in Yellow Zone trading time will be fixed and in Red Zone, vending will be prohibited after consulting the street vendors.A revolving fund would be created and be operated by the street vendors using the credit cards, he added.Pointing out that the state government would formulate a legislation to regulate money lenders charging higher interest rates, Chouhan elaborated on the features of the proposed soft loan scheme saying Rs. 5000 would be provided to them of which Rs. 2500 will be shared by the state government as grant. A contribution of Rs 250 would be collected from the vender concerned while Rs 2250 will be in the form of bank loan which could be easily repaid.The Chief Minister said maternity benefits will be provided to the street vendors' families. Under the scheme, mothers will get Rs. 5000 while father would be entitled for Rs 1500 assistance besides Rs 1000 for the medical facilities for the new born.Urban Administration and Development Minister Babulal Gaur said it is for the first time such an initiative has been taken to invite the poor sections and seek their suggestions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11608190", "title": "India becomes 6th nation to join elite nuclear submarine club", "text": "NEW DELHI: India's long hunt for a nuclear submarine is finally over. But it will take the country another 10-12 months to get an operational nuclear weapon triad - the capability to fire nukes from land, air and sea.India on Monday became the world's sixth country after the US, Russia, France, the UK and China to operate nuclear-powered submarines when the Russian Akula-II class submarine `K-152 Nerpa' was commissioned into Indian Navy as INS Chakra on a 10-year lease under a secretive almost $1-billion contract inked in 2004.The 8,140-tonne INS Chakra, however, is not armed with long-range nuclear missiles, like the Russian SS-N-21 cruise missiles with an over 2,500-km range due to international non-proliferation treaties like the Missile Technology Control Regime.The Indian nuclear triad's elusive underwater leg will only come when the homegrown nuclear submarine, the over 6,000-tonne INS Arihant equipped to carry a dozen K-15 (750-km) or four K-4 (3,500-km) ballistic missiles, becomes fully operational by early-2013. India has the land and air legs in the shape of the Agni series of missiles and fighter jets capable of carrying nuclear weapons.Defence ministry sources said INS Chakra, commissioned at the Primorye region in far south-eastern Russia in a ceremony attended by top Indian and Russian officials, would soon set sail for India. It will be based at Visakhapatnam, next to where INS Arihant is slated to begin extensive sea trials in February-March after the ongoing harbour-acceptance trials.Though it may not add to India's nuclear deterrence posture, INS Chakra will give some much-needed muscle to India's depleting underwater combat arm, which has only 14 ageing conventional submarines to brandish. India is in talks for the lease of another Akula-II class submarine from Russia, say sources.Nuclear-powered submarines are stealthy since they can operate underwater at long ranges for months unlike diesel-electric submarines that need to surface every few days to get oxygen to recharge their batteries and have limited endurance due to fuel requirements.INS Chakra will also be armed with the 300-km range Klub-S land-attack cruise missiles, which India deploys on its Kilo-class conventional submarines as well as other missiles and advanced torpedoes.\"It will be deadly `hunter-killer' of enemy submarines and warships, as also provide effective protection to a fleet at sea. It can also provide cover to the nuclear-armed INS Arihant if required. With a dived speed of 30-35 knots, INS Chakra will be able to outrun any current Pakistani or Chinese submarine,\" said a source.The Navy will also use INS Chakra to train its sailors in the complex art of operating nuclear submarines. The `Charlie-I' class nuclear submarine India had leased from Russia from 1988 to 1991 was also named INS Chakra but the expertise gained on it was steadily lost since the Navy did not operate any other nuclear submarine thereafter.The new 10-year lease flows from the January 2004 agreement, with India funding a major part of Nerpa's construction at Komsomolsk-on-Amur shipyard after Russia stopped it midway due to a fund crunch. It was slated for induction much earlier but technical glitches delayed the process, which included a toxic gas leak in November 2008 that killed 20 Russian sailors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11613256", "title": "Seal and Heidi Klum's friends stunned by split", "text": "Seal and Heidi Klum's friends are stunned by their split.The couple announced the end of their seven-year marriage today (23.01.12) shocking the showbiz world and those close to the pair are equally as surprised by the news.Niche Media founder Jason Binn - who has been friends with the supermodel for over 20 years - told People: \"All this is just shocking to me. I've only seen them as the most loving couple.\"A fashion industry source who has worked with Heidi - who is believed to have ended the relationship months ago - is equally as shocked by the separation, saying: \"The Heidi and Seal I knew was the couple everyone loves, super passionate and in love.\"Seal, 48, and Heidi, 38, claimed in a statement they were ending their union after growing apart but insisted they still \"love each other very much\".Despite their statement, pals are now speculating about what could have happened between the pair - who raise four children, Leni, seven, Henry, six, Johan, five, and two-year-old Lou, together - to have caused the break-up.A friend of Heidi's said: \"It has to be something major. They have four kids together, and they've always been very committed to making it work.\"Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11611174", "title": "JD(U) aims to revive socialist bastion", "text": "For Janata Dal (United), the January 28 election is not just about opening the party's account in the state assembly after a disastrous campaign in the 2007 polls. Led by Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar and Sharad Yadav, the party is, in fact, searching for the old 'socialists' of Manipur.The erstwhile Socialist Party's contribution to Manipur is well known. The party gave Outer Manipur constituency its first MP when Rishang Keishing won the 1952 Lok Sabha polls. He also won the seat as a Socialist in 1962, before he moved to the Congress in 1969.Late Laishram Achaw Singh, another Socialist Party member who the Inner Manipur seat in the second Lok Sabha polls in 1957, is remembered for opposing the Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act when it came up for debate in Lok Sabha in 1958.It was Achaw Singh who first articulated the dangers of AFSPA - imposed to crush the Naga insurgency - in the Parliament, highlighting the draconian nature of the Act that gives unbridled powers to the armed forces. Every rights activist in Manipur, including Irom Sharmila Chanu, who is on a 11-years fast against AFSPA, still recall the Socialist MP's opposition to the Act.After the Emergency era, Manipur again briefly saw a socialist party in the government when the Janata Dal was a part of the Manipur People's Party (MPP)-led United Front government in Manipur in 1990. Today, however, the once-powerful Socialist bloc is scattered and disunited, following the pattern of the Janata Parivar elsewhere in the country.S Indrakumar, JD(U) general secretary, said the breaking of the Socialist bloc, which was once the main challenger to the Congress, began in 1969 when Keishing joined the Congress, with his supporters from both the hills and the valley following him. He later went on to become the chief minister. \"Today, everyone is looking for a party that can participate in government formation in New Delhi. We are trying to bring together the Janata Parivar here,\" says state unit president of JD(U), M Tombi Singh.The JD(U), which is part of the opposition alliance People's Democratic Front (PDF), is just contesting five seats, while another PDF partner, RJD, which had three MLAs in the last term, is not contesting the polls at all. The JD(S) is independently contesting two seats and the LJP is fielding only one candidate.Arun Srivastava, JD(U) national general secretary, said their main aim is not only opening their account in the Manipur assembly, but also to try and bring together the old socialists who are now scattered. \"Socialists had a large base here, and we want to tell them that the JD(U) is the only viable party from the Janata parivar today.\" Srivastava added: \"I have visited Manipur seven times in the last three months. We are very serious about reviving the base of Janata Parivar.\"JD(U), which was instrumental in the formation of the opposition alliance, is playing a crucial role in this election. Recalling that his party had unsuccesfully contested for four seats in the 2007 elections, Srivastava said: \"This election, we have fielded five candidates and three of them have a fair chance of winning. Our party is also supporting Radhabinod Koijam of NCP as the chief ministerial candidate,\" he added.JD(U) will also be the linkman between BJP and the PDF. \"BJP wanted to join the PDF, but Koijam had reservation on the saffron party's entry as it might sway minority votes,\" said Srivastava. He however allowed the BJP to have another internal alliance with the Manipur People's Party .Election 2012 NewsManipur Assembly Election 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "new delhi/kolkata", "code": "11608006", "title": "Govt steps in to resolve Norway childcare row", "text": "NEW DELHI/KOLKATA: India and Norway are looking for a way to bring back to India two children, who are in the vortex of an allegedly extreme case of parental abuse in Norway.The parents, Anurup and Sagarika Bhattacharya, have had their two infants removed from their care after being accused of ill-treating them. Efforts are on to get the children's grandparents or other close relatives to take care of them in India. According to sources, the children's grandparents will give an undertaking that they would ensure care for the children under monitoring by Norwegian child care services.On Monday, foreign minister S M Krishna made a strong case with his Norwegian counterpart after a meeting with Aslak Brun, Norwegian charge d'affaires in New Delhi. \"I am hopeful of a settlement that is in accordance with India's legitimate expectations and Norwegian legal system,\" Krishna said. The Indian case is based on the argument that children needed to be with their parents or their families, and it would be cruel to take them away from their natural surroundings. The Indian ambassador to Norway, RK Tyagi has been asked to stay in touch with the children and the parents.However, Gunnar Toresen, head of child welfare services in Stavanger in Norway, said in a statement that the court's ruling had nothing to do with \"feeding methods\" or \"sleeping arrangements\". Reports had suggested reasons for the children being taken away included cultural habits like feeding them by hand.\"In the ruling of the court there are no references to the explanations given by the parents to the media as grounds for the ruling,\" Toresen said. The Bhattacharyas have said they have been penalized for feeding their children and sleeping with them in their bed.Defending the Norwegian action, Torensen says in his statement, \"The Child Welfare Service has a responsibility to intervene if measures in the home are not sufficient to meet a child's needs. The Act lists strict conditions for when a care order applies. Examples are when a child is mistreated or subjected to other serious abuses at home, or when there is every probability that the child's health or development may be seriously harmed because the parents are incapable of taking adequate responsibility for their child.\"In Norway, a new expert has been asked to make a fresh assessment of the allegations, while a fresh trial has been scheduled in the district court (Tingretten). The Norwegian child care services allege a serious case of neglect where both children have been abused in their daily care. The county ruling against the parents, said sources, is the most serious in Norway, where parents are only allowed to visit twice a year.Norwegian law forbids disclosure of personal information, but sources in the know say the assessment by the family court is detailed and fairly damning.Talking to TOI from Norway, Sagarika said, \"No mother can live on without her kids and I am suffering this trauma for over eight months.\"Now, the Bhattacharyas are completely dependent on the Indian government's help. Anurup said, \"An Indian diplomat came to our home and spoke with the child care agency. He was allowed to meet our children. But he told us my daughter is unable to speak now, though she could speak Bangla. Perhaps, she is confused as she is now placed with a Norwegian foster care family which speaks Norwegian.\"Anurup, who works as a geoscientist, said: \"I am ready to return to India immediately if they return our children.\"The two children have been placed in different homes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "11611159", "title": "Renowned Kerala writer Sukumar Azhikode passes away", "text": "THRISSUR: Sukumar Azhikode, the legendary literary and social activist of Kerala passed away on Tuesday morning. He was 85. Azhikkode was admitted to the Amala hospital near here with symptoms of fast spreading cancer on December 10 last and he was on palliative treatment since then. His condition had turned critical on Saturday night the end came around 6am.Azhikode was a towering presence for about six decades in Kerala's literary and social spheres through his interventions as a powerful, erudite and charismatic orator and versatile writer. He had remarkable command over Sanskrit, Malayalam, and English languages and had deeply internalized the classical traditions of all the three languages. He had acquired in depth knowledge of Indian philosophy, ethics and mythology and had made extensive explorations into Western philosophies, particularly into their humanistic sources. His scholarly and inspiring orations had given him direct access to the masses at levels which even the most popular politician of the state would envy of. His incisive literary critical works occupy prime stature in Kerala's literary lineage.Azhikode's most famous work Tathvamasi (Malayalam) published in 1984, is an authoritative book on Indian Philosophy, Vedas and Upanishads. Thathvamasi has won twelve awards including the Central Sahithya Akademi Award, Kerala Sahithya Akademi Award and the Rajaji Award. He had won Ezhuthachan Puraskaram - the highest literary award instituted by the State Government in 2004.In Jan 2007, he refused to accept the Padma Shri conferred on him stating that Such honours are against the spirit of Constitution which insists on equality of all citizens and vehemently opposes any form of discrimination.Azhikode who began his career as a teacher had later become the Pro Vice Chancellor of Calicut University. He was also the Chairman of the National Book Trust between 1993 and 1996.The war of words between Malayalam film star Mohanlal and Azhikode had drawn attention even at the national level in the recent month. But curtains came down on this when both decided to patch up when Azhikode was in hospital bed.Apart from Tatvamasi, the important works of Dr Sukumar Azhikode are Malayala sahitya patanangal, Vayanayude swargattil, Mahatmavinte margam, Aasante seetakavyam, Malayala sahityavimarsanam, Mahakavi ulloor, Pathakal Kazhchakal, Guruvinte dukham, and Azhikodinte prabhashanangal.Azhikode who was moulded by the ethos Freedom Struggle and Gandhian values was a strong Congressman in his early days. But towards the end he was seen more close to the Left leaders. Numerous prominent personalities from various walks of life including Defence Minister A K Antony, Chief Minister Oommen Chandy , Leader of Opposition V S Achuthanandan, cine stars like Mamootty and Innocent, writers ONV Kurup and M T Vasudevan Nair and community leaders like Vellappilli Nateshan and Bishop Andrews Thanzhath had visited him at his hospital days earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11609755", "title": "HC asks BWSSB boss: Have you entered a sewer in your lifetime?", "text": "BANGALORE: Expressing its displeasure at the manner in which its orders have been received by BWSSB and KUWSDB, the Karnataka high court on Monday directed the chairpersons of these boards to appear before it on January 31.\"They have taken the court's orders too lightly. Human beings are dying in gutters. If Delhi has gone mechanical, there is no reason why it can't happen in Bangalore? Have they (chairpersons of boards) entered a sewer once in their lifetime? Even if they go once in a week we would have forgiven them. They must do so to show empathy. Anyway, let them appear before the court at the next date of hearing,\" a division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen observed while adjourning the hearing of a PIL.The counsel for tthe petitioners, People's Union for Civil Liberties - Karnataka, told the court that since the last order passed on July 20, 2011, eight more persons had died while cleaning drains in addition to the 16 deaths mentioned in the petition.Directive to BDA on denotified landA division bench of the Karnataka high court headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen on Monday directed the Bangalore Development Authority (BDA) to remove all billboards/signboards on a 1-acre plot in Jarakabandekaval near Nandini Layout, apart from ensuring the land remained with the authority.The bench then adjourned the hearing of a PIL filed by N L Narendra Babu, Congress MLA representing Mahalakshmi Layout, where the land is located. The next hearing is on March 23.In the last hearing, the government had said it's reconsidering the denotification but failed to show any action. The BDA maintained it had possession of the land before denotification. Babu challenged the January 12, 2010 order of the urban development department, denotifying the land based on then chief minister BS Yeddyurappa's recommendation and ignoring the law department's advice. The land was acquired by BDA in the 1980s for forming the Nandini Layout.Yeddyurappa has also been arraigned as a party in the petition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11609835", "title": "DGP reviews Police Games preparations", "text": "PATNA: Bihar DGP Abhayanand on Monday reviewed preparations for the All India Police Games to be held from February 1 to 5 at Mithilesh Stadium here. The mascot for the games is 'dolphin'.Speaking on the occasion, Abhayanand said that Bihar had been given a cluster of games which include volleyball, handball, kabaddi and basketball, to be organized at the ensuing 60th All India Police Games. About 28 teams would be participating in the games. While the exact number of participants in the games would be 1,597, the number of technical officials and referees would be 103, he said.Expressing satisfaction on the preparations being made for the games, the DGP said a comprehensive plan has been worked out to hold the games successfully here. \"It is a proud moment for Bihar police to organize such a historic event at this stadium,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-24"}
